

The Google Pixel is the Android answer to the iPhone 7 and, after weeks of
waiting, it's now available to buy in the UK.

The bad news is it's expensive: Buying directly from Google or Carphone
Warehouse means you can pick up the phones SIM free and unlocked for the one-off
price of £599 for the 5-inch version and £719 for the 5.5-inch one.

That's if you decide to go with 32GB of storage. If you opt for 128GB you're
looking at £699 for the Pixel and £819 for the Pixel XL.

Google Pixel storage: How much space do you REALLY get on the new 32GB
smartphone?

You might be swayed by some of the positive reviews that have analysed the phone
since it was announced earlier this month.

We said that: "For Android purists, the Google Pixel is the best phone you can
buy - even if it costs the same as Apple's high priced iPhone 7." And you can
read the full review right here .

You can buy the phone directly through the Google Store, or you can choose to
buy it through the high street Carphone Warehouse chain . Carphone is selling it
on a couple of different networks, but you can also buy an unlocked SIM-free
version.

Alternatively, if you'd rather buy it through a contract then EE is the best
option as it is the exclusive direct network partner for the Pixel.

With EE, the Pixel is free on a £50.99 a month, 24 month 4GEE plan, which comes
with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month for
existing customers.

Google Pixel vs OnePlus 3: Which is the best Android phone to buy in 2016?

The Pixel XL is also available free on a £55.99 a month, 24 month plan, and
comes with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month
for existing customers.

4GEE Plan customers receive unlimited minutes, texts and 500MB of data a month
for use abroad in the EU. Alternatively, for just £5 per month more, you can get
Pixel and Pixel XL on 4GEE Max plans giving you access to the UK's fastest 4G
speeds, and inclusive access to the BT Sport App for the duration of the plan.

To celebrate the launch, the network dropped a giant Google Maps pin at Marble
Arch in London. It's taller than a double decker bus and nearly 700 times bigger
than the Google pin that appears on your phone screen.

The Pixel comes in two sizes: 5-inch and 5.5-inch. Both phones are exactly the
same when it comes to power, software and cameras.

Kodak launches smartphone for photographers - can it compete with the likes of
Apple and Samsung?

The difference is that the larger Pixel XL has a slightly bigger battery and a
better screen resolution. But it's also more expensive and not good if you've
got smaller hands.

Both phones come in a choice of either white ("Very Silver") or black ("Quite
Black").

