

SAN FRANCISCO -- For all the bells and whistles of Google's new smartphone, the
biggest point of emphasis is tucked away in small type on the back of the
device: ''Phone by Google.''

Today, most of Google's smartphone software runs on devices manufactured by
companies like Samsung, LG Electronics and Lenovo, with Google's presence often
relegated to the background. But with its new Pixel smartphone, introduced
Tuesday at a press event, Google is front and center and selling a phone that it
created from the industrial design to the components.

Google's new strategy of controlling both hardware and software for its devices
puts the company more directly in competition with Apple and many of its own
Android partners. It's a necessity, Google says, because of the advent of
artificial intelligence.

Sundar Pichai, Google's chief executive, said devices with artificial
intelligence -- where computers can understand what people are saying and
respond conversationally with the right information at the right moment --
present a seminal moment in computing on par with the creation of the personal
computer, the World Wide Web and smartphones.

For Google, artificial intelligence takes form in the Google Assistant. Google
demonstrated how the Assistant, through a series of questions, can be used to
plan a night out -- from finding out about upcoming concerts at a certain venue
to booking a reservation at a restaurant or researching how long the drive from
the restaurant to the show will take.

''The goal is to build a personal Google for each and every individual,'' Mr.
Pichai said.

Pixel is the first smartphone with the Google Assistant built into the device.
It was part of a new-product barrage including a Wi-Fi router, a virtual reality
headset and a Chromecast device for streaming high-resolution video.

The Assistant is also a key part of another product the company introduced on
Tuesday, Google Home. As the company's answer to the Amazon Echo, Google Home is
a speaker that listens for questions or commands to play music or control
internet-connected devices. The Echo, which relies on A.I. software created by
Amazon called Alexa, has been a surprise hit and has been on the market for two
years.

The Echo's success informed an important part of Google's strategy: hardware
products that provide a vessel to get the Google Assistant into the hands of
consumers.

Its competitors are taking a similar path with their A.I. technology. Amazon is
now building Alexa into its other hardware products like Fire tablets and Fire
TV set-top boxes. Apple is considering expanding the reach of its virtual
assistant from the iPhone and iPad into the home with an Echo-like device.

''If you really want to make a step-change difference, you really have to design
the software and hardware together,'' said Rick Osterloh, who returned to Google
in April to be its senior vice president of hardware. He was the president of
Motorola when it was owned by Google and moved with the company when it was sold
to Lenovo in 2014.

Part of Mr. Osterloh's mandate is to make sense of Google's fragmented hardware
efforts, which span a wide range of devices, from Chromebook computers to Wi-Fi
routers. He said he planned to focus Google's hardware resources in areas that
highlight the company's software, while also creating a unified look and feel to
the devices.

Creating a uniform experience, especially in the world of smartphones, has been
a challenge for Google. Hardware manufacturers often modify Google's software to
make what they sell a little different from that of their competitors.

For the last six years, Google worked with other hardware manufacturers such as
Samsung and LG Electronics to develop the Nexus line of smartphones. Those
phones provided a showcase for the best of Google's software, but much of the
design and production process was handled by the company's hardware partners.

With Pixel, Mr. Osterloh said, ''we wanted to build things as Google intended.''

But becoming a hardware manufacturer is not easy. Google is now exposed to new
risks associated with a hardware business, such as managing inventory, providing
customer service and procuring components.

With the Pixel, Google clearly has Apple's iPhone in its sights. During an
onstage presentation, Mr. Osterloh said the Pixel doesn't have an ''unsightly
camera bump'' -- a reference to the protruding nub that sticks out from the
iPhone's rear camera.

In a commercial for the Pixel, Google also said its phone is all-new while
noting that the Pixel comes with a ''satisfyingly not new'' headphone jack.
Apple's latest iPhones come without a headphone jack, a design decision that has
sparked furious debate in the technology news media.

The Pixel, which is available for order, will come with a very iPhone-like
price, starting at $649. Google said Google Home will sell for $129 and be
available starting next month. The Pixel is available at Verizon and Best Buy
stores. For people who want to use the phone with a different carrier, Google
will sell the phone unlocked at its online store.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/05/technology/google-introduces-the-pixel
-its-own-smartphone.html

