

The much awaited Google Pixel and Google Pixel Xl on Thursday went for pre-order
in the country.

The much awaited Google Pixel and Google Pixel Xl on Thursday went for pre-order
in the country. With this, India becomes one of the only 6 nations where the
pre-booking for Google's revolutionary new smartphone has started. The
deliveries of these products are expected to be starting by the end of this
month. Both the smartphones have been designed to give stiff competition to the
Apple and Samsung's flagship smartphones. Google claims that this time it has
complete control over its products; from start to finish, as it contracted with
HTC instead of its previous alliances to manufacture handsets.

Google also claims that the Pixel handsets are the first phones that have been
completely produced by the company; both hardware and the software. And by doing
so, Google is asserting its presence among the likes of Apple and Samsung.
Although, these new smartphones are actually manufactured by Taiwanese
smartphone Company HTC. Google has also teamed up with HTC to provide after sale
services to the Pixel smartphones' users. The smartphones are to be made
available for sale in over 1,000 retail outlets. Google has also announced a
customer care number, that is toll-free, to deal with all the customer
grievances.

The smartphones will be mad available in Blue, Quite Black and Silver colour
variants. Although, Blue is the colour that is said to be most sought after. The
smartphones are offering an internal storage of 32GB and 128GB, depending on the
model and the price. The 32GB Pixel would cost you around Rs, 57,000, whereas
the 128GB variant would make you pay RS 66,000. Similarly, the Pixel XL starts
with a price tag of RS 67,000 for the 32GB variant, whereas the 128GB model
costs RS 76,000. The Google Pixel sports a 5-inch full HD screen with 10801920
pixels and AMOLED display. The display is protected by Corning Gorilla Glass 4.
The Pixel XL has a slightly bigger screen with 5.5-inch Full HD with the same
resolution and protection. The smartphones also offer cloud services, which
means that the users get to store as many photos and videos as they want. Both
the smartphones run on Qualcomm's Snapdragon 821 61-bit-quad-core chipset, that
clock 2.15GHz. Both the smartphones offer 4GB RAM and run on the new Android
Nougat 7.1 OS.

