

Here's what you thought you knew about Google's Chromebook laptops: They're
designed for  Internet computing and  are known for plain designs and
bargain-basement prices.

The former is still true. You're supposed to be connected to the Internet when
using a Chromebook, at least a good chunk of the time. But the latter two are
now only partially the case. You can still purchase an Acer Chromebook in the
Google Play store for  $199, or a Samsung for $249.

However, the  Chromebook Pixel laptop that began shipping this week is not only
beautiful, it fetches $1,299 for a Wi-Fi-only model.  The Pixel that I tested is
even pricier, a $1,449 model that complements Wi-Fi with fast LTE cellular
service from Verizon Wireless. It ships in April.

With Pixel, Google is now competing in the high-rent computing district against
Apple's MacBook Air and entry-level MacBook Pros, as well as some of the more
expensive Windows 8 Ultrabooks.

My test unit was an immense pleasure to use, but I'm still hesitant to recommend
the machine to everybody. Aside from its high price, Pixel has puny onboard
storage, so-so battery life, and perhaps most important, is diminished when
you're offline, since the Web-based Chrome operating system at its core mostly
depends on a pipeline to the cloud. Sadly, you cannot watch a movie you buy or
rent from the Google Play store when you lack an Internet connection.

There's certainly no mistaking Pixel's premium pedigree. The premium hardware is
crafted from anodized aluminum. Pixel is a handsome, solidly built gray
3.35-pound machine with a high-resolution 12.85-inch Gorilla Glass touch-screen
that is something to behold.

The computer is so named because of the stunning screen, which rivals the Retina
displays on some MacBook Pros. It packs 4.3 million pixels -- more than twice as
many, Google emphasizes, as a standard HDTV. In techie terms, it has a pixel
density of 239 pixels per inch, a measure of sharpness that tops its laptop
rivals.

An LED on the back cover lights up in different colors to add a nice aesthetic.
A sturdy piano hinge lets you open and close it  with a thumb. Google says the
hinge dissipates heat and augments Wi-Fi antennas.

The back-lit Chrome keyboard is first rate, and so are  hidden and surprisingly
powerful stereo speakers. Vents and screws are also concealed.

The etched-glass  trackpad is smooth and responsive. There's an HD webcam,  a
pair of USB 2.0 ports and a memory card reader. Inside, Pixel has a 1.8-GHz Dual
Core Intel Core i5 processor. The combination of hardware and software led to a
zippy experience.

While the onboard storage is quite modest -- just 32 gigabytes on the
solid-state drive that is on the Wi-Fi-only model or 64GB on the step-up model,
Google provides a complimentary 1 terabyte of storage on Google Cloud Drive for
three years -- another recruiting effort for cloud computing.  You also get a
dozen free sessions of GoGo Inflight Internet.

Google says there are now hundreds of  apps in the Chrome Web Store that work
without an Internet connection. The current list includes Angry Birds, Kindle
Cloud Reader and offline Gmail. You can use Google Docs offline, too.  But while
you can listen to songs you download when you're off line, purchased movies and
TV shows from Google Play require that cyberconnection, a serious drawback.

By embracing a touch-screen, Google is following a path similar to the one
Microsoft is taking with Windows 8.  For the most part, you'll stick with the
mouse and keyboard.

But touch made it simpler to navigate Google Maps and to travel through an
interactive 3-D visualization of the solar system known as 100,000 Stars.

One snag: I couldn't play a few ".mov" video files that were on an inserted
memory card, even though Google says ".mov" is a supported video format.

As with other Chromebooks, the  computer boots up quickly, and Google can serve
up regular updates to keep the operating system fresh and free of viruses.

One future update:  integration with QuickOffice, an  app that will let you open
and edit Microsoft Office files within their native format, without  having to
rely on Google Docs. The computer also boots up quickly.

Google says you'll get about five hours of battery under "normal" use. In my own
harsh  test, in which I cranked up the brightness all the way and streamed a
movie over Wi-Fi, the battery pooped out after  3 hours.

Is Pixel worth buying? I suspect those  who buy it will be perfectly happy, at
least when they have an online connection and  a power source. Touch is a nice
benefit, too, even if you don't use it much.  The computer is fast, attractive
and secure,  with a display that's tough to match.

Pixel isn't for the mainstream, yet. But it is the kind of showpiece Google can
use to make the case that it, too, can deliver pretty impressive hardware.

E-mail: ebaig@usatoday.com Follow @edbaig on Twitter.

---

The bottom line

Google Chromebook Pixel

play.google.com

Price: $1,299 to $1,449

Pro. Beautiful touch-screen. First-rate keyboard, trackpad, speakers. Cloud
storage. Computer is fast, automatically upgraded and secure.

Con. Expensive. So-so battery life. Cloud computer is diminished offline.
Limited onboard storage.

