

GOOGLE has unveiled it's much-anticipated "Pixel" smartphones in a bid to
challenge Apple's iPhone at the high end of the mobile market.

The company's CEO Sundar Pichai launched the phones in San Francisco and was met
with plenty of applause.

Taking over from the Nexus brand, Pixel is a shift towards a more premium phone
that will compete with both the iPhone 7 and Samsung's popular Galaxy S7.

As expected, Google revealed two different versions of the Pixel - a standard
5-inch model and a larger 5.5-inch version called the Pixel XL.

Inside the Pixel is a quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit processor, 4GB of RAM and a
non-removable 2,770mAh lithium ion battery. The phone comes with either 32GB or
128GB of storage.

The Pixel XL meanwhile has a 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core
Qualcomm processor, 4GB of RAM and a big 2,450mAh battery.

Both phones boast the same 12MP rear-facing camera and 8M front-facing one. And
what's more, in Google's own words, "there's no unsightly camera bump".

Samsung offers cash incentives to Galaxy Note 7 customers after exploding
battery kerfuffle

They both have fingerprint scanners on the back of the phone and the new USB-C
charging port on the bottom. And, unlike Apple, both phones come with 3.5mm
headphone ports.

One of the biggest benefits of the new Pixel phones is that they will ship with
the latest version of Android pre-installed. Also, when it comes to future
updates, Google's own phones tend to be updated first compared with other
Android phone makers like Samsung or Sony.

Android "Nougat" is notable for a new AI-powered assistant called Allo.

Google are keen to expend artificial intelligence into their devices. The Allo
Assistant is designed to show information that people need. For instance, it can
scan what is on a screen if someone asks "How far to this restaurant?", and then
call on Google's voice and picture recognition technology, as well as
information from places like Google Maps, to show the answer to a user's
question.

The company say they also built the phone specifically for VR by adding sensors
and other features that will link up a new headset called Daydream View.

How waterproof is the iPhone 7? We put Apple's new smartphone to the test

If you're keen to ditch the iPhone and get hold of either of the Pixels then you
won't have to wait long as they're going to be available on October 20th.

However, it won't be cheap. Buying directly from Google or Carphone Warehouse
means you can pick up the phones SIM free and unlocked for the one-off price of
£599 for the 5-inch Pixel and £719 for the 5.5-inch Pixel XL.

That puts them in exactly the same kind of territory as Apple's iPhone models.

It looks like EE is the only network in the UK that will stock the phone on
contract, and we'll update this as soon as it is known for certain.

