
ABSTRACT

Latest high-spec device features high resolution touchscreen and is aimed at
developers, early adopters and businesses

FULL TEXT

Google made an ambitious assault on the high-end laptop market on Thursday,
confirming months of rumour by announcing the Chromebook Pixel, which features a
large-format, high resolution touchscreen.

Demonstrating the new Pixel, Chrome head Sundar Pichai said Google's aim had
been to make a device to satisfy developers and early adopters.

"This is about power users. Some of them buy Mac, some buy Windows 8. We wanted
to make sure Chrome OS is in that segment," said Pichai. The high resolution
touchscreen is designed to help developers build apps and services that work
seamlessly across multiple devices. "This is the future - high resolution and
touchscreen, and we're behind in the laptop world," he said. "We want to push
the ecosystem and web development forward, so this can be thought of as a
reference device, in the same way as the Nexus, that will inspire a whole new
generation of devices."

Google has said that it does not think in terms of market share, but a high-end
laptop puts it in direct competition with Apple, particularly with the Macbook
Air. Pichai insisted the Pixel offered better specifications for its price.

Pichai said: "It will stand up well against a Macbook Air. Air doesn't have
touchscreen or a high resolution screen, so with Pixel you get a lot for your
money."

The Pixel's screen is higher than conventional laptop screens at a 3:2 ratio or
2560 x 1700, at 239 pixels per inch. A new Google Plus Photo app, launching in
the Chrome store in three weeks, is designed to showcase the screen, and will
allow users to browse and organise photos offline as well as share them.

Pichai also referred to a target business audience where companies are using
cloud applications including Google Apps, and said Google's June 2012
acquisition of QuickOffice would mean Word and Excel documents can be
integrated.

Google's first Chromebook, the low-end CR-48, was released with Google branding,
but subsequent models featured branding from partners Samsung, Acer, Lenovo and
HP. The first Pixel has also been designed and manufactured by Google, and is
intended to be a 'reference device' for partners.

The laptop shell has been streamlined to hide cooling vents, screw fittings and
speakers, part of a principle of making it as inconspicuous as possible, while
the software is designed to make access to web content simple. Specifications
include an Intel i5 processor, a 32GB or 64GB solid state drive and one terabyte
of Google Drive storage for three years. Battery life, despite the
energy-sapping high resolution screen, is claimed to be 5 hours.

Pixel is available to order in the UK from Google Play for [#xfffd]1049, with
shipping in April.

