
DATELINE: India


India, Oct. 27 -- 16

SHARES

ShareTweet

When Google launched artificial intelligence (AI)-powered premium devices Pixel
and Pixel XL earlier this month, the message was clear: The device with the
personal Google Assistant built right in sounded the threat bugle for Apple
iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

The comparison is natural, especially in the absence of another flagship device,
the Samsung Galaxy Note 7, which leaves Google and Apple fighting for the
premium segment.

Google has been synonymous with innovation. This time, with a brand new Android
OS Nougat and Google Assistant, Pixel devices are set to counter Apple's iOS 10
and intelligent assistant Siri.

Let us see what the 5.5-inch Pixel XL (32GB, black colour) has for Indian
consumers who are searching for a premium smartphone.

The aluminum and glass-built device looks elegant and fits comfortably in the
palm. Unlike Nexus 6P, which had a thin glass strip at the top, Pixel XL's back
panel has almost one-third glass covering.

Putting an end to Android users' long wait, the Google Assistant in Pixel XL
definitely has an edge over Apple's Siri. See for yourself.

When asked "are you a man or a woman?", Google Assistant responded with answers
like "I'm all-inclusive :D" and "Does it really matter?" while Siri staidly
replied: "I was not assigned a gender."

To "Who will win the US presidential election?" Google Assistant displayed poll
results by the New York Times, The Telegraph and Independent while Siri returned
Wikipedia and Quora with an iOS 10-powered iPhone.

While searching restaurants near our office, Google Assistant displayed food
joints as close as 300 metres while Siri said that the nearest restaurant is 600
metres away.

To further test its intelligence, Google Assistant was asked, "Who is Siri?" It
explained, "Siri is Apple's intelligent assistant. She is very witty."

Siri, however, was more informative than Google Assistant when asked "Who is the
Prime Minister of India?". While Siri threw up results like when Narendra Modi
became the Prime Minister and how long has he been serving, Google Assistant
came back only with his name.

Google Assistant can tell jokes, remember your passwords and even set the alarm
for you in a clear voice.

The "Pixel Imprint" fingerprint scanner is located at the back and is extremely
responsive. It not only unlocked the device in a split second but also accepted
(authorised) half a fingerprint for unlocking.

While lock and volume up/down buttons are on the right of the Corning Gorilla
Glass 4 protected AMOLED display, a nano-SIM slot sits at the left bumper of the
device.

Google has retained Type-C charging port that charged the 3,450 mAh battery in a
flat 48 minutes.

The device with Qualcomm's latest Snapdragon 821 Quad core processor and 4GB
DDR4 RAM will get first updates and free unlimited cloud space is not to be
missed.

Google has put in a lot of accessories inside the box, including a two-way
Type-C port cable ensuring OTG device (also included) support. With this cable,
one can charge Pixel XL with another phone having a Type-C port.

The smartphone runs like a charm on Android Nougat 7.1 - the only device till
date to have it. The apps explorer icon is replaced by a pull-up App Drawer
which is more convenient.

A swipe right on the screen brings the notable search results in line with
browsing history. When we swiped right, information about the FC Barcelona vs
Manchester City football match; updates about the Indian Soccer League
tournament; and scores for the India vs New Zealand One-Day cricket match popped
up.

Pixel's 12.3MP rear camera with f/2.0 has been rated the highest ever 89 DxOMark
Mobile score. It is very fast, responsive and has a video stabilising mode. As
expected, the photos in broad daylight were stunning. Even in "very low light
conditions", the camera did not disappoint.

Under natural light at 7 pm, the photos clicked without flash had clarity and
little grains while the photo taken with flash were sharper.

As compared to shooting video in normal mode, we noticed a remarkable difference
when we shot the same video with "Video Stabilisation" on. There were low or no
jerks and no picture distortion.

The 8MP camera works fine and while using it with Google's video calling app
Duo, the receiver gets a sharper image (as compared to the Nexus 6P).

One can even try new gestures, relish the audio output and save unlimited data
online in original quality for free.

What doesn't work?

Pixel devices are not waterproof. At a time when Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge (and the
now discontinued Galaxy Note 7) and Apple are offering IP68 rating (waterproof
ratings), Pixel smartphones fall behind in this category.

The camera does not have an optical image stabilisation feature and the Type-C
to Type-C charging is slow.

Conclusion: If you think about shelling out Rs 72,000 for the 32GB variant of
iPhone 7 Plus, consider Google Pixel XL for Rs 67,000 as your date with Google
Assistant will floor you without any doubt.

Shares

Share on Facebook

Share on Twitter

16

SHARES

ShareTweet

READ ZTE to announce a new phone in the nubia line on 17 October

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Afternoon Voice. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

