

The Samsung phone debacle has opened the door - just a crack - for Google to
make headway with its fledgling smartphone offering, Pixel, analysts said
recently.

South Korea-based Samsung permanently halted production on the Galaxy Note 7
smartphone after reports of the phone overheating and, in some cases, catching
fire.

"It's a huge opportunity for the Google Pixel," said Rob Enderle, an
Oregon-based analyst who tracks the tech sector. "The Pixel is the best phone to
take advantage of this problem. But its carrier limitations are going to offset
what would otherwise be an incredibly well-timed opportunity."

Google faces plenty of challenges even as the tech behemoth manoeuvres to
capitalize on Samsung's woes.

"Google can use Samsung's problems to their advantage, but they have a really
big upward climb," said Ben Bajarin, a principal analyst with Campbell-based
Creative Strategies.

For one thing, the Pixel phone is available only for the Verizon platform and
isn't being offered for other big carriers such as Sprint, AT&T and T-Mobile.

"Google is just starting out, and consumers still need to learn what the Pixel
phone is," Bajarin said. "Samsung's problems will benefit the established brands
such as Apple, LG and HTC. Established brands are very powerful things."

Mountain View, Calif.-based Google, nevertheless, has the potential to cast a
mammoth shadow over Samsung as it scrambles to reverse its misfortunes with the
Galaxy Note 7.

"Samsung has created a market for a phone like this, but doesn't have a phone
for this market," Enderle said. "Google Pixel can slide right into that spot.
But the Pixel just won't be able to take over a lot of shelf space because it's
only available on one carrier."

Apple is certain to be the top vendor for smartphones during the final three
months of 2016, Bajarin said. That stretch that covers the vital holiday
shopping season.

