

"OK Google. Tell me about your new device."

In an announcement widely expected by the technology community, Google revealed
its new smartphone on Tuesday, introducing Pixel, the 'first phone designed by
Google inside and out.'

Aside from Pixel, the announcementalso included news about Google's VR platform,
Daydream, plus updated TV streaming device Chromecast Ultra (alongwith Google
Home and Google Wifi, products that aren't yet available in Canada). The phone,
which is already availablefor pre-sale, comes in two sizes (5" and 5.5" display)
and two colours with quirky names (Quite Black and Very Silver). The 5" retails
for $899 for the 32GB edition and $1029 for the 128GB version, while the 5.5" is
priced at $1049 for the 32GB model and $1179 for the 128GB behemoth.

In a commercial that debuted during Google's keynote on Tuesday, the company
also took a subtle swipe at Apple, highlighting the fact that Pixel comes with a
3.5 mm headphone jack - something that Apple has eliminated with the iPhone 7,
to the dismay of some music-loving mobile users.

Here are some other things we discovered about Pixel:

1It has Google Assistant built in Google CEO Sundar Pichai mentioned that he
wanted to "build a personal Google for each and every user," and the Siri-like
Google Assistant helps them achieve that. Saying 'OK Google' or holding down the
Home button will awaken your own personal assistant, which can give you
directions to the movies, text your girlfriend or fire up the latest Lumineers
video.

2It boasts a pretty high-end camera Google is really proud of the camera on this
one. The 12.3 megapixel rear-facing camera will reportedly help users capture
great images at low light, and the Smartburst mode will automatically select the
best picture from a rapid-fire sequence of shots.

3It gives you access to unlimited storage The tech company is offering Pixel
owners unlimited storage for their full-resolution pictures and videos in Google
Photos, so you won't be seeing any 'storage full' notifications any time soon.

4It contains a powerful battery According to Google, the Pixel's battery lasts
all day and will charge fast, so you'll be able to get up to seven hours of
battery life from just 15 minutes of charging.

