

"OK Google. Tell me about your new device."

In an announcement widely expected by the technology community, Google revealed
its new smartphone on Tuesday, introducing Pixel, the "first phone designed by
Google inside and out."

Aside from Pixel, the announcement also included news about Google's VR
platform, Daydream, plus updated TV streaming device Chromecast Ultra (along
with Google Home and Google Wifi, products that aren't yet available in Canada).

The phone, which is already available for pre-sale, comes in two sizes (5-inch
and 5.5-inch display) and two colours with quirky names (Quite Black and Very
Silver). The 5-inch retails for $899 for the 32GB edition and $1,029 for the
128GB version, while the 5.5-inch is priced at $1,049 for the 32GB model and
$1,179 for the 128GB behemoth.

In a commercial that debuted during Google's keynote on Tuesday, the company
also took a subtle swipe at Apple, highlighting the fact that

Pixel comes with a 3.5-mm headphone jack - something Apple has eliminated with
the iPhone 7 to the dismay of some music-loving mobile users.

Other things we discovered about Pixel: 1. It has Google Assistant built in:
Google CEO Sundar Pichai mentioned that he wanted to "build a personal Google
for each and every user," and the Sir i-like Google

Assistant helps them achieve that. Saying "OK Google" or holding down the Home
button will awaken your own personal assistant, which can give you directions to
the movies, text your girlfriend or fire up the latest Lumineers video.

2. It boasts a pretty highend camera: Google is really proud of the camera on
this one. The 12.3-megapixel rearfacing camera will reportedly help users
capture great images at low light, and the Smartburst mode will automatically
select the best picture from a rapidfire sequence of shots.

3. It gives you access to unlimited storage: The tech company is offering Pixel
owners unlimited storage for their full-resolution pictures and videos in Google
Photos, so you won't be seeing any 'storage full' notifications any time soon.

4. It contains a powerful battery: According to Google, the Pixel's battery
lasts all day and will charge fast, so you'll be able to get up to seven hours
of battery life from just 15 minutes of charging. !@COPYRIGHT=Â© 2016 Sun Media
Corporation. All rights reserved.

