

Google has unveiled its latest smartphones in an artificially intelligent-led
bid to challenge Apple and Samsung's stranglehold on the market.

The Pixel and Pixel XL, sized at 5in and 5.5in respectively, are the latest
phablets (phone-tablet hybrids) to go on the market, competing with the recently
released iPhone 7 and Samsung's Galaxy S7.

The phones mark a new hardware direction for Google, which has previously
released its own handsets under Nexus branding. They will both run a pure
version of the company's latest Android 7.1 Nougat operating system, whereas
Android-running phones from other manufacturers such as LG and HTC run slightly
modified versions.

They feature 12MP and 8MP cameras and rear-mounted fingerprint scanners, and are
the first phones to sport inbuilt Google Assistant, a digital personal assistant
capable of answering queries in a conversational tone thanks to Google's natural
language processing algorithm. This comes in the wake of Amazon launching its
smart speaker, Amazon Echo. Echo's digital assistant, Alexa, responds to spoken
questions and commands.

Google's chief executive, Sundar Pichai, said at the launch of the smartphones
in San Francisco how we are moving from a "mobile-first to an AI-first world".

Pricing in the UK for the phablet is yet to be announced, but US prices start
from $649 (Â£510). The pair will go on sale on 20 October.

Google also announced its own smartphone-powered virtual reality headset, called
Daydream View VR, priced at $79. It has been covered with fabric to sit more
comfortably on the wearer's face, and will ship with a miniature controller
which can be stored inside the headset.

The company helped to pioneer the use of phones in virtual reality with its
Google Cardboard viewer in 2014, and launched its Android VR platform, Daydream,
in May.

Phone wars Why pick up a Pixel? Will people buy the Pixel handsets? Both phones
are flagship-quality for (relatively) low prices, which Google knows is its best
chance of chipping away at the market share of Samsung and other Android
manufacturers.

What's different about them? Google claims the Pixel and Pixel XL sport the best
cameras ever made for a smartphone. The rear-facing lens is 12MP, which is the
same as the iPhone 7, but the Pixel uses artificial intelligence to select the
best image out of numerous shots taken in a burst, and hardware designed to turn
raw data into an image more quickly.

Is AI really that important? Artificial intelligence is the next big advancement
in tech. Screens may become a thing of the past, meaning we could control our
devices entirely using voice commands.

When can I buy one? The Pixel and Pixel XL will be on sale from 20 October,
while the Daydream View VR headset will retail from early November.

While 87 per cent of the world's smartphones run Android, Samsung is by far the
biggest manufacturer, with a worldwide market share of around 23 per cent,
according to the analyst IDC.

