
DATELINE: San Francisco


San Francisco, Oct. 5 -- Google today unveiled its new 'Pixel' brand of phones,
geared up with Google Assistant and virtual reality capabilities, as it looks to
challenge Apple in the premium smartphone market.

The two phones - Pixel and Pixel XL - will be available in India, priced at Rs
57,000 onwards, in 32GB and 128GB versions. The eagerly awaited smartphones
replace the existing Nexus line.

The devices will be put up for pre-order from October 13 in India and will be
sold by the end of October. The handsets would be available through channels
like Flipkart, Reliance Retail, Croma and Vijay Sales in India.

India is among the first six countries where Pixel is being launched. "Hardware
isn't a new area for Google but we are now taking steps to showcase the very
best of Google across a family of devices designed and built by us. This is a
natural step and we are in it for the long haul," Google SVP Hardware Rick
Osterloh said at an event here.

Building hardware and software together would let the company take full
advantage of capabilities like its Google Assistant, harnessing its expertise in
machine learning and artificial intelligence.

While most handset vendors, other than Apple, use Google's Android operating
system, the company has made various approaches to building its own hardware.

It sold Nexus phones from 2010 with the devices being made by various vendors
like HTC, Huawei, LG and Motorola.

Pixel would be the first phone to ship with Google Assistant built in and the
latest operating system, Android 7.1 Nougat. The devices will get software and
security updates as soon as they are available, directly from Google.

Google has also made the update process easier, with the download and
installation happening in the background, so users no longer have to wait for
the phone to update. Also, unlike the Nexus range, the Pixel phones do not sport
the branding of the handset vendor.

The company has also unveiled a new VR headset, priced at USD 79 that will be
available from November. Google is partnering a number of companies to increase
immersive content available to users across the world.

India is one of the fastest growing smartphone markets globally. According to
IDC, smartphone market in India grew 17.1 per cent sequentially to 27.5 million
units in April-June quarter of 2016. The move to launch Pixel in India among the
first few countries is similar to the strategy adopted by Apple.

Apple will sell the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in India from October 7, a month
after the device was unveiled in the US. The latest version, which would be
available through Flipkart, will be priced Rs 60,000 onwards.

Devices by both Apple and Google will compete in the premium category, which
industry experts estimate to be about 26 per cent of the Indian handset market.
Other prominent players in the premium segment (Rs 20,000 onwards) include
Samsung, Sony and LG.

The segment is estimated to be growing at 22 per cent, higher than the overall
smartphone segment that is growing at about 17 per cent. Google has also
unveiled other hardware products including a new Chromecast, Google Wi-Fi (USD
129 owards) and Google Home.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Siasat Daily. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

