

Google is entering a space it has never been to before -the Indian mobile phone
retail store.

The company will directly sell its new Pixel smartphones to consumers through at
least seven prominent large-format retail stores in India, besides multi-brand
stores, and promote the flagship device just as much as top brands Apple and
Samsung.

And it's entering with a bang. Analysts expect Google to start with about 1lakh
devices -more than ever before -to make a dent in India's premium smartphone
segment, which is dominated by Samsung and Apple. Until now, manufacturers of
Google phones such as Nexus were responsible for marketing, which has been
extremely low key and limited.

Google is raising the stakes in the premium segment -' . 30,000-plus -right
after Samsung's huge setback with the Galaxy Note 7 debacle. Still, the search
giant faces a huge challenge as Apple has already shipped in about 2 lakh units
of its iPhone 7 ahead of Diwali. Samsung is redirec

ting its marketing budget to promote the S7 and S7 Edge.

Bookings for the two Pixel models opened on October 13 through Flipkart and
offline retailers. Google's marketing play is expected to escalate next week
-before Diwali -although the launch date isn't

known. Google is holding a media event on October 25. The 5-inch Pixel and
5.5-inch Pixel XL went on sale in the US a couple of days ago.

\x93It's a shift of strategy (for Google), as it follows the make-your-ownphone
plans, but it's also required,\x93 said Santosh Desai, managing director of
Future Brands. \x93Google is going up against formidable brands, so it can't go
half-way on end-consumer communication...the Samsung (incident) opens up the
opportunity for Google vs Apple, so all the more reason for them to go full
throttle.\x93

Google is aware of the task at hand and plans to respond accordingly.

\x93We will run a 360-degree above-theline campaign with TV , cinema,
out-of-home in top seven metro cities, print and digital, to build the
brand,\x93 a Google spokesperson said.

Heavy spending is expected for spreading the word on the Pixel smartphones.The
base model for Pixel . 57,000.costs ' Print advertisements will run for the next
3-4 months while television ad spots will target Hindi and English entertainment
channels. Google will also use YouTube and its other digital platforms to
promote the devices.The Alphabet-owned company will showcase the Pixel and Pixel
XL in key stores of large-format retail chains, including Croma, Reliance
Digital, Spice Mobility and Jumbo. Tie-ups with other chains, including The
Mobile Store, are in the works, industry insiders said.

\x93Displays for Pixel will be set up in top 50 stores of the total 300 that we
have.They will carry the Google branding, something that a consumer would have
not seen before,\x93 the chief executive officer of one retail chain said,
asking not to be identified.

A full-fledged strategy is necessary, especially in

the premium segment, to convince users that Google can compete, said Jaipal
Singh, a senior analyst at IDC India. It has failed in the past, a case in point
being the Nexus 5X and 6P launched last year, which sold a combined less than a
lakh units from October last year to date. Comparatively, an average of about
600,000 premium units are sold in the country each month.

Cupertino-based Apple is spending about Rs 100 crore on marketing and
advertising in India during the festive period, ET reported previously.

It shipped in almost 1.9 lakh units in the first half of October, as per data
from Cybex Exim Solutions. Apple imported about 450,000 units of the iPhone 6s
series in 45 days from October 1 last year, the start of its record quarter by
volumes (8 lakh) in India.

\x93As of now, Apple is clearly the one with the advantage, so Google will have
to take retail space share from existing vendors,\x93 said IDC's Singh.

Apple didn't respond to an emailed request for comment.

