

All things Google: A look at all we can expect from the company's big event on
5th October

Google is prepping for an event that is scheduled for 5th October. The company
is expected to unveil a range of new smartphones, laptops, a smart-home device,
and a new virtual reality platform. Though we cannot be sure of what exactly the
company will take the wraps off, here's a breakdown of the goodies likely to
come our way.

1. So long, Nexus: Enter 'Pixel'

Google has left the Nexus brand behind, and will announce a new lineup of
devices called Pixel. Two new smartphones are expected to be announced at the
event - Pixel and Pixel XL. The phones are allegedly going to be built by HTC
and Huawei. The former will sport a 5-inch display, replacing the LG Nexus 5X,
while the latter should have a 5.5-inch display, which will replace the Huawei
Nexus 6P released last year. Rumours suggest the Pixel smartphone lineup will
include top-notch specifications such as 4GB of RAM, Qualcomm Snapdragon 820
processor, 12MP cameras along with fast-charging batteries. And yes, both
devices will run their new Android 7.1 Nougat OS.

Along with smartphones, Google may also unveil a Huawei-built 7-inch Android
tablet. Serial tipster Evan Blass stated that a Google tablet built by Huawei
with 4GB RAM is "on track for release before the end of the year."

Lastly, Google may unveil a new ultra-portable 'Pixel' laptop. This device could
be based on an Intel m3 or i5 Core processor with 32GB or 128GB of solid state
storage and 8GB or 16GB of RAM. It is also slated to have a fingerprint sensor,
stereo speakers, quad microphones, a backlit keyboard, and a glass trackpad.

2. Replacing Cardboard:  Daydream VR

Google announced a VR platform in May

this year, called Daydream. However, only sparse details were shared back then.
As the platform has now stepped out of beta and is open to developers, we can
expect a lot more

information regarding Daydream VR, which is intended to offer a high-quality
virtual reality experience.

3. Smart home gear: Google Home

Google Home, which would rival Amazon's Echo and Apple's HomeKit was announced
at Google I/O this year. The device will integrate speakers, a microphone and a
WiFi router and would be the company's first venture into AI-powered smart-home
gear. Google is expected to unveil a 'companion' device for Google Home which is
a WiFi router. It will link together wireless devices within the domestic
context.

4. A new OS: Andromeda

According to the rumour mill, Google may now step into the desktop OS space with
Andromeda, an intriguing combination of Chrome and Android OS. The Huawei-made
tablet and Pixel 3 laptop may just be the first candidates to run Andromeda OS.

5. A new Google Chromecast

Rumoured to be called Chromecast Plus or the Chromecast Ultra, Google's upgraded
streaming media player should now have 4K support. The device is expected to be
priced higher than the original Chromecast, at $69 (approximately Rs 4,600)

