

July 28 -- The MobileStore Ltd. India's largest smartphone retailer has just
launched the Lava pixel v1 with Android One through FED: Fastest Expert Delivery
advantage by partnering with Google on (www.android.com/one/india/), where those
looking to purchase the latest Lava pixel v1 online can buy it through The
MobileStore FED Service that delivers the phone at your doorstep or your office
within two hours. An avid Android One fan became the first person to own the
Lava pixel v1 in India through The MobileStore FED Service wherein the phone was
delivered to his office within two hours of its launch. The MobileStore's FED:
Fastest Expert Delivery service is an innovative solution from The MobileStore
that drives customer intimacy through proximity, making a 3 to 5 days wait
period to receive a mobile phone after making an online purchase history.

Such has been the popularity of the FED service by The MobileStore that Google
will divert people who are searching for the Lava pixel v1 handset to a
dedicated page with a 'Buy Now' option, which when clicked upon will showcase
The MobileStore's FED: Fastest Expert Delivery service that promises to deliver
your smartphone within 2 hours. The Lava pixel v1 is also available offline
across 400 plus outlets of The MobileStore spread across India with the added
advantage of buying at its online price!

The Lava pixel v1 smartphone is backed by Google's Android One that means you
will get the latest operating system updates from Google instantly. The Lava
pixel v1 is already loaded with Android 5.0 Lollipop, but Lava pixel v1 owners
can expect a sweeter treat in the form of Android 5.1 version of lollipop!

The Lava pixel v1 smartphone that's ultra sleek and compact in design is powered
by a Quad Core 1.3 GHz Processor, runs on Android One based on Android 5.0
Lollipop, and has a 5.5 Inch HD IPS Display TFT Capacitive Touch Screen. The
Lava pixel v1 comes with an 8MP Front Camera and a 13 MP Rear Camera with
Backside Illumination (BSI) LED Flash that improves its performance in
low-light. It's also equipped with 32 GB Internal Memory which can be further
extended up to 32 GB, a 2 GB RAM, and a 2,650 mAh.

The Lava pixel v1 is now available through The MobileStore FED service through
the Google Android One web portal, and Offline at 400 plus outlets of The
MobileStore across the country.

Source: Essar Power

