


HIGHLIGHT:Â Google launched an aggressive challenge to consumer electronics
giants like Apple and Samsung on Tuesday, introducing a new line of smartphones
called Pixel and other gadgets designed to showcase a digital helper the company
calls "Google Assistant."


SAN FRANCISCO -- Google launched an aggressive challenge to consumer electronics
giants like Apple and Samsung on Tuesday, introducing a new line of smartphones
called Pixel and other gadgets designed to showcase a digital helper the company
calls "Google Assistant."

The new devices represent a big push by Google to make and sell its own
hardware, instead of largely just supplying software for other manufacturers. At
a starting price of roughly $650, the new Pixel phones are aimed at the same
markets as Apple's iPhone and Samsung's Galaxy flagship phones.

Gadgets on parade

During a press event Tuesday, Google executives showed off a series of gadgets
in rapid succession. Its new Home device is a sleek internet-connected speaker
that's designed to respond to voice commands, like Amazon's popular Echo. A new
virtual reality headset called Daydream View will work with the new Pixel phones
and other devices based on Google's Android software. The company also unveiled
a new Wi-Fi router and an update to the company's Chromecast streaming media
device.

In announcing the new Pixel phones, Google executives touted features like a
powerful camera, a long-lasting battery -- and a dedicated headphone jack, which
Apple recently eliminated from its latest iPhones. The Pixel phones will be sold
in two screen sizes -- 5 inches and 5.5 inches -- and three colors: black,
silver and blue.

But they're clearly hoping the new Pixel phones and other devices will be
distinguished by their use of Google's software. A central element of all the
new gadgets is the Google Assistant, which uses artificial intelligence to
deliver what CEO Sundar Pichai described as "a personal Google for each and
every user."

Hardware and software, back together again

The products announced Tuesday also underscore Google's hope that its products
and services will work better if the company designs its own hardware and
software together -- something Apple has long done.

That's also a model that Microsoft has begun following, with its own brand of
Surface tablets and laptop computers that use Microsoft's Windows software. But
analysts warned that Google runs the risk of alienating partners like Samsung,
LG and other companies that sell competing Android gadgets.

Android now powers the majority of smartphones sold around the world.

But Samsung, the biggest maker of Android phones, has increasingly been adding
more of its own software -- even its own Samsung Pay mobile wallet -- on the
phones it sells. Another big rival, Apple, has built its own services, such as
online maps and its own Siri personal assistant, to replace Google's apps on the
iPhone.

Google, which is best known for its widely used internet search engine, makes
most of its money from online software and digital ads. But it's putting more
emphasis on hardware as it competes for consumers' attention with other leading
tech firms.

In recent years, Google has sold smartphones and tablets under the Nexus brand,
which it launched in 2010 as a way to show off the best features of its Android
software. But it put relatively little effort into promoting those devices,
which have mostly ended up in the hands of Google purists.

The new Pixel phones will be sold online, through retail chains like Best Buy
and various wireless carriers around the world, although the company said it has
an exclusive deal with Verizon in the United States.

Home, but not alone

Like the Pixel phones, the Home device uses the digital Google Assistant
service, a voice-activated personal butler that can search the internet, play
music or perform other useful tasks. Google Assistant is the company's answer to
similar concierge services from rivals, including Siri, Amazon's Alexa and
Microsoft's Cortana.

Google said the Home device will sell for roughly $130 online and at electronics
retailers starting next month. Along with answering questions and playing music,
the device can be used to control streaming video through Google's Chromecast
device, at voice command.

Home-based systems like the Echo are taking on more importance as voice
technology has improved, said analyst Julie Ask of Forrester Research. "You
can't assume somebody is going to go sit down at a computer or pick up a phone
and type in a question anymore," she said.

