

NEW DELHI: Google has tied up with HTC to offer aftersales service of its Pixel
smartphone in 30 cities in the country and will sell the device through more
than 1,000 retail outlets as it looks to take on Apple's iPhone 7 this festive
season.

Google Pixel may prove the biggest challenge to the latest iPhone in the world's
fastest growing yet most competitive smartphone market this season as top
handset maker Samsung won't sell the Galaxy Note 7, having stopped production
and global sales due to reports of some replacement devices catching fire, and
the internet giant looks set for its most aggressive play in India yet.

"We have partnered with HTC India for after sales service in 56 walk-in service
centres in over 30 cities," a Google spokesperson said. "Redington India is our
national distributor for all channels in India."

A toll free customer care number will handle customer queries, the spokesperson
said.

All Pixel phones will be made by HTC and will be imported into India, although
HTC gets its own smartphones assembled in Noida facility of contract
manufacturer Optiemus-Wistron.

While Google will sell the phones on its own, it will piggyback on HTC's retail
network as well. Pixel will be sold through seven large format store chains
including Vijay Sales, Croma, Reliance Digital, Jumbo, Spice Mobility, Poorvika
and Sangeetha Mobiles across the country.

Online pre-bookings and sales will be done through Flipkart. Google introduced
the 5-inch Pixel and 5.5-inch Pixel XL smartphones earlier this month, with
pre-orders in India slated to begin on October 13 and deliveries planned for the
month end.

The company, which has traditionally let hardware companies LG and Huawei take
the forefront for selling and marketing its previous Nexus range of phones
alongside branding on the device, has changed its strategy significantly.

"Pixel is surely a shift from its traditional strategy only with the role
reversals between Google and its partner," said Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at
Counterpoint Research. One of the reasons Google ventured into hardware is that
it wants to position its AI (artificial intelligence) as the next big
differentiator in smartphone space, which might get lost if it lets other
handset makers market the same at least for the initial product, Pathak
said.Analysts point out that sales in the premium smartphone segment are
dependent on shelf space a product occupies across different points of sale as
consumers want to touch and feel the product before purchasing an expensive
phone.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

