

NEW DELHI: China-based Huawei, which worked with Google on the Nexus 6P
smartphone, might well be manufacturing the next series of tablets for the
search giant. According to popular tipster Evan Blass, Huawei is working on the
Nexus tablet with a 7-inch display. Ironically, an Asus-made 7-inch Nexus tablet
already exists, which was launched back in 2012 with a revamped version launched
in 2013. Blass adds that the Huawei-made 7-inch tablet will feature a 4GB RAM,
an extra gigabyte more than the one used in the 2012 version.

The device is rumoured to be releases this year itself.The tipster has connoted
the device as "Google's Huawei-built 7-inch tablet" and not a 'Nexus'. Hence we
may expect a 'Pixel' moniker to the tablet on the lines of the Pixel C. In
addition, it will be the first tab to come with the Android 7.0 Nougat out of
the box. Pixel C and Nexus 9 are the other two tabs eligible for the latest
Android OS.Last year in December, Tech Time website reported a few features
about the tablet. Then too, Huawei was said to be working with Google on the
device. Rumoured under-the-hood specifications of the device include, a Huawei
Kirin 950 processor and a 2560x1800 pixel display resolution.Although the
Mountain View-based Google hasn't mentioned anything about the release date of
the tablet, it would most likely arrive alongside the rumoured Pixel and Pixel
XL smartphones being developed by HTC. Pixel XL (or HTC Marlin) recently showed
up on the mobile benchmarking website GeekBench. As per the listing, the
smartphone will run on the Android Nougat Manufacturer Release 1 (Android NMR1)
and will feature a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon processor, likely to be the
Snapdragon 820 processor. It would also feature a 4GB RAM.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

