

According to sources, Google has confirmed that the developer preview of the new
operating system will be available for Nexus smartphones and Pixel C tablets, by
this year-end.

We have already witnessed that Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones by Google run on
the all new Android 7.1 Nougat operating system, at the recently held
'MadeByGoogle' event. However, Google did not give any details regarding the
roll out of Android 7.1 Nougat to other smartphones. But, it seems, now the
Search Engine giant has confirmed that a developer preview of Android 7.1 Nougat
would be available for Nexus devices and Pixel C, reports Gadgets 360.

This report comes based on the fact that Google recently told Android Police
that the new Developer Preview will be available for Nexus smartphones and Pixel
C tablets by the end of this quarter. This means that, we should soon be able to
witness the preview of the new Android 7.1 Nougat. However, we still are unaware
as to which of the Nexus devices are actually going to receive the update.

Also, adding further on to this, Android Police has recently reported the
changelog of Android 7.1 Nougat, and we can clearly see some of the features
that are Pixel exclusive, such as Pixel Launches, Google Assistant, Smart
Storage, Electronic Image Stabilization 2.0, Solid Navbar Icons, and a brand new
setup and look of the interface, along with others such as new wallpapers and
sounds, and a dynamic calendar date icon.

The change-log also hints us at a couple of non Pixel exclusive features, such
as night-light, fingerprint gestures, circular app icons, and manual storage
manager.

If reading all these excites you, you can definitely wait for the roll-out of
developer preview of Android 7.1 Nougat by this year end, or else, you can
purchase a Pixel smartphone via the pre-order, starting Oct 13 at INR 57,000 and
above.

