

IT'S THAT time of year - another week, another hi-tech product launch. This week
it was Google's turn to astound us with some magic, and it pulled it off in a
big way.

The company revealed its own branded smartphone, and announced a host of other
projects.Google has, in the past, sold Nexus phones which have been designed,
built, and branded as being made by other manufacturers.

And while the new phones, called Pixel, are actually made by HTC, they have been
designed by Google engineers, and you won't see HTC's name on them.

It looks very much like the iPhone, and sports similar specs - it comes in two
sizes (a 5in screen or a 5.5in screen), has a 12.3 megapixel camera with an
f/2.0 aperture capable of capturing 4K video, and ties in very tightly with
Google's own services.

Running the very latest version of Android, the phone is also promised two years
of support for future versions of the world's most popular operating system.

The big selling point, though, is the inclusion of the Google Assistant, which
we've already seen a glimpse of in Google's Allo chat app.

The Assistant is kind of like Siri on the iPhone, but has access to a ton of
info Google has gathered over the years.

And the Assistant is also capable iPhone, which is a statement of intent. You
can order now for delivery in "two to three weeks".

Google Home on the HORIZON GOOGLE also firmed up details of its Home device -
essentially an internet-connected speaker that offers access to the Google
Assistant via voice commands.

Home looks very much like a competent alternative to the Amazon Echo, which was
released in the UK last week.

Given, though, that Google hasn't said when, or even if, Home will be available
here, we can hardly call it competition for the Echo just yet.

Daydream VR Headset ONE thing that will be available here is the Daydream VR
headset, which is like a more luxurious version of Google's Cardboard
initiative.

The Daydream headset houses the Pixel phone to allow you to repurpose its
hardware and screen as a VR device, and it comes with a hand-held controller.

Priced at £69, the Daydream VR headset will be available next month - you can
sign up to be notified exactly when at the Google Store website.

CHROMECAST ULTRA ARRIVES FINALLY, Google has also updated its Chromecast device
- that's the dongle that you can plug into your TV to turn it into an internet
connected smart TV, and allows you to stream video from your Android devices to
your big screen.

The biggest update is the addition of support for 4K video, which makes sense
given the Pixel phone's video capabilities.

The Chromecast Ultra will also cost £69, and be available next month. Sign up to
the waiting list at the Google Store.

