

Review

Google's new Chromebook overshoots the mark

SAN FRANCISCO I'm writing these words on a lovely new laptop. It's thin, light
and made of machined aluminum, but it isn't a MacBook. It's got a beautiful
touch screen, but it isn't a Microsoft Surface Pro.

It's the Google Chromebook Pixel, and the most striking thing about it is
neither the design nor the screen. It's the price tag.

Google's spent the past few years trying to establish its Chrome Operating
System as a viable competitor to Windows and Apple's OS X by partnering with
manufacturers like Samsung, Acer and Hewlett-Packard to produce inexpensive
laptops.

But with the Pixel, it's taken on the hardware responsibility itself and gone
decidedly upscale in the process. The new machine, available from Google Play
online and at Best Buy stores, costs $1,299 for a Wi-Fi-only model with 32
gigabytes of flash-memory storage, or $1,449 for one with 64 gigabytes and the
ability to also connect to Verizon Wireless's speedy 4G LTE network.

That's a lot of money for a computer whose usefulness is limited when it isn't
connected to the Internet, and that costs even more than comparable Apple- and
Windows-powered machines unencumbered by that concern.

The Chrome OS is, essentially, a Web browser. The idea behind it is that most
everything you do exists not on the computer itself, but on the Internet.

Need to write something or create a slideshow? Open the word-processing or
presentation applications in Google Docs. Want to save it? Use your online
storage space in Google Drive. Want more apps? Choose them from the Chrome Web
store, use them, and they go away when you're done until you summon them again.

Living in the cloud like that doesn't require a lot of computing power; pretty
much all you need is an Internet connection. Acer sells a Chromebook for as
little as $199 that does nearly all that the six-times-costlier Pixel does.

You do get a lot with the Pixel, starting with a whopping terabyte of online
Google Drive storage free for three years, and a dozen free sessions of GoGo's
in-flight Internet access to address one of the most common connection-less
situations.

Physically, the new Chromebook is as handsome as any laptop this side of a
MacBook. It weighs 3.35 pounds and, with the lid down, measures little more than
half an inch thick. A thin strip of lights across the back glows with Google's
signature colors, or delivers coded status reports. (Red means "charge me.")

Lift the lid and you meet the Pixel's dazzling touch display. The 12.85-inch
screen is unusually proportioned, with a 3:2 aspect ratio that Google says was
chosen to optimize it for viewing Web pages over, say, widescreen videos. It's
gorgeous, with a pixel density of 239 per inch that the company says is the
highest on any laptop.

Under the hood are components that compare well with other high-end competitors,
including the solid-state storage, an Intel Core i5 processor and four gigabytes
of memory. But here's the thing: In a Chromebook, a lot of this stuff is
unnecessary.

Having a touch screen is certainly nice, but Google Docs isn't particularly
optimized for touch, nor are many Web pages. A Core i5 is useful when you're
powering through Windows 8 or Mac applications, but here it's overkill, plain
and simple.

And overkill at a cost that isn't reflected just in the price: Perhaps a less
potent processor would be less of a drain on the Pixel's battery life.

Google claims it gets five hours of use, which is 23 percent less than even the
$249 Chromebook from partner Samsung. I got even less: not much over four hours
when I was doing nothing more strenuous than streaming video over Wi-Fi. I also
found the battery drained after a couple of days in sleep mode, a stark contrast
to, say, Apple's MacBook Air, which can sleep for weeks and still hold its
charge.

As for the Chrome OS, it's much more usable than in its early days. There are
more things you can do offline, and synchronization with the cloud is
transparent when you are connected.

Still, I encountered odd glitches and ambiguous error messages, particularly
when the Pixel was reconnecting to the cloud after slumber.

My guess is that Google doesn't really expect to sell many Pixels. It seems more
like a statement that Chromebooks can be high-end as well as low, and that
Google is capable of crafting beautiful hardware that compares favorably with
its competitors.

I'd find the statement a lot more compelling at half the price.

-- Rich Jaroslovsky, Bloomberg

