

Google's Chromebook Pixel went up for sale on the Play store on Thursday, to the
surprise of some industry observerswho had expressed doubts over earlier rumors
that the device was on the way.

In sharp contrast to previous Chromebook models, which have placed the emphasis
on keeping costs low, the Pixel is aimed directly at the higher end of the
market, featuring premium components -- and a correspondingly elevated price.

[ PREVIOUSLY: Leaked Chromebook video raises questions beginning with: Is it
real? ] The centerpiece of the Chromebook Pixel, which was designed in-house by
Google, is the screen. At 12.85 inches, the 2560x1700 resolution gives it a
pixel density of 239 ppi, and it boasts touch-sensitivity as well.

Internally, the Pixel features a dual-core Intel Core i5 processor, running at
1.8GHz, which implies either an i5-3427U or i5-3337U, according to Intel's
product pages. It also uses Intel's HD 4000 integrated graphics functionality,
and packs 4GB of RAM and either 32GB or 64GB of solid-state storage, depending
on the model.

Google says the Pixel comes with a free terabyte of Google Drive cloud storage
for three years, as well as 12 free GoGo Inflight Internet sessions for the
traveling user.

The initially available model -- priced at $1,300 -- is the 32GB with Wi-Fi
connectivity only, but the company says a $1,450, 64GB, LTE-enabled option will
ship within six to seven weeks. (Verizon will provide the latter device with
100MB/month of LTE service for two years.) Initial reaction to the Pixel has
been mixed. ZDNet blogger Howard Lo says it's unlikely to be anything more than
a driver of sales for the comparable Microsoft Surface Pro, but Computerworld's
JR Raphael says that the inclusion of a generous amount of cloud storage could
prove to be an important selling point for the device.

Email Jon Gold at jgold@nww.com and follow him on Twitter at @NWWJonGold.




