

Google on Tuesday launched its Pixel smartphone with built-in assistant as the
tech giant made a direct challenge to the iPhone with its own branded,
premium-priced handset.

The unveiling of Google's in-house designed phone came as part of an expanded
push into hardware by the US firm, which also revealed details of its new "home
assistant," virtual reality headset and Wi-Fi router.

The San Francisco event marked a shift in strategy for Google, which is leading
a major push of its artificial intelligence software, Google Assistant, centered
around its new smartphones and other devices.

"We are building hardware with the Google Assistant at its core," said Rick
Osterloh, head of a new hardware division at the California-based internet
giant.

"We believe that the next big innovation is going to take place at the
intersection of hardware and software, with AI at the center."

Pixel smartphone will be available with a five-inch display or a 5.5 inch
display, starting at $649 for US customers, at similar prices to the latest
iPhone models. Pre-orders began on Tuesday in Australia, Canada, Germany,
Britain, and the United States.

Google, by using its own name on handsets, is aiming for a bigger slice of a
competitive smartphone market dominated by Samsung and Apple.

- 'Google inside and out' -

"It's the first phone made by Google inside and out," said Sabrina Ellis of the
Pixel product management team.

By producing both the hardware and Android software, Google is making a more
direct assault on Apple and its tightly controlled ecosystem.

Along with being the first smartphone to ship with Google Assistant, it will
come with unlimited storage for photos and videos and be compatible with the
company's new Daydream virtual reality platform.

Pixel has a "smart" camera which can select the best images from a stream, and a
program to make it easy for users to switch operating systems, a move aimed at
winning over iPhone users.

But Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy said it may be challenging for
Google to gain significant market share.

"Aside from the camera, the new Google Pixels are pretty undifferentiated
compared to Samsung and iPhone 7th generation phones," Moorhead said. "They
don't exactly swing anyone around the room."

Google announced an exclusive deal with US telecom provider Verizon for Pixel
sales and said it would also be available through carriers in other countries.

Versions for sale at Google's online shop are "unlocked" to work with various
carriers.

As part of its expanded hardware push, Google also showed off a new Daydream
View headset that compatible smartphones can be slipped into to serve as screens
for virtual reality experiences.

View headsets are made of soft cloth, purportedly inspired by casual clothes.
Daydream View bundled with a controller device will be available in November,
priced at $79.

Google added to the coming hardware line-up with a modular Wi-Fi system that
lets a set of inter-connected mini-modems be spread around homes to make signals
strong in all spots.

"Unlike a single, central router, multiple Google Wi-Fi points do a better job
of delivering connectivity to all parts of the home," said Google executive
Mario Queiroz.

The internet giant also introduced its Google Home virtual assistant that will
be a direct challenge to popular Amazon Echo devices.

Google described Home as a voice-activated cyber assistant that lets people tap
into the company's online capabilities to answer questions, manage tasks,
control devices in homes, stream videos and more.

Google Home was priced at $129, with pre-orders starting in the United States on
Tuesday. Google Home will begin shipping and be available in retail shops on
November 4.

