

Google says its new Pixel smartphone camera is the highest-rated smartphone
camera ever.

Ever?

Naturally, we set out to discover whether that's true.

First, some housekeeping. Google bases its advertising claim on an early review
on the mobile smartphone site DxOMark, the lens- and camera-testing research arm
of the DxoLabs camera company.

DxO, which says on its Facebook page that no money exchanged hands for the early
review heavily touted in Google's advertising, gives Pixel an all-time-high
ranking of 89. That compares to 88 for the Samsung Galaxy S7 and 86 for the
iPhone 7.

But the rankings have to be taken with a grain of salt, because DxoMark hasn't
reviewed the iPhone 7 Plus. The larger, pricier version of the latest iPhone has
the stronger two-lens package that the iPhone 7 doesn't have, and that's been
considered best-of-show since its September release.

The Pixel has been available in pre-sales and will be in Verizon and Best Buy
stores Thursday, starting at $649 for the 5-inch model, or $769 for the already
sold-out 5.5-inch XL.

USA TODAY took out the XL for a shootout, along with the iPhone 7 Plus and
Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, attached to a tripod so we could get similar,
back-to-back results. We shot in great light (midday), so-so (dusk) and terrible
(pre-dawn). We shot video while walking and bike-riding to test the image
stabilization for video, and shot panoramas, slow-mo video, quasi-360 "photo
spheres" and "lens blur" portraits that use software to produce a "bokeh" effect
that puts the background out of focus.

The victor? Well, the results from all three are so stellar, they're a testament
to just how good small lenses and software have become. All three make the $200
point-and-shoot camera with limited zoom now irrelevant. They're that good.

That said, I would indeed give the nod to the Pixel by a small hair: 9.8 out of
10, to the iPhone 7 Plus' 9.77 and the Galaxy's 9.76. It's that close.

It comes down to software and usability.

So let's dive in:

The Pixel has a 28mm-equivalent rear wide-angle lens with a f2.0 lens opening.
That compares to 28mm f1.9 for the iPhone 7 Plus and 26mm f1.7 for Galaxy. The
camera has a 4x digital zoom (software-speak for cropping the picture instead of
truly zooming in) compared with the 10x digital zoom of the iPhone 7 Plus and 8x
for S7. (Like with other digital zooms, the Pixel digital-zoom quality is
lackluster.)

The camera icon is front and center on the Pixel home screen, and there's no
need to search for the Camera Roll, or Gallery app to find your stored photos,
as they automatically go to Google Photos, the popular Android and iPhone app
for archiving photos.

The app offers free unlimited storage for non-Pixel users at a lowered
resolution, but on the Pixel, they're stored at full resolution.

(If you take photos when the phone is offline, they still go to Google Photos
and get uploaded to the cloud when you're back online.)

HDR+. Like the iPhone and Galaxy, Pixel also offers HDR, the ability to take
three shots in a row, one at normal exposure, and the other two under and over,
and then combined for one perfect shot. The + stands for "low light" supremacy,
Google says.

Software tricks: They're found by swiping right to go to video mode, where
slow-motion (for video) panorama, photo sphere (quasi-360) and lens-blur
settings are found. Lens blur again puts the center in focus, and you achieve by
shooting vertically, and tilting the camera upward while shooting. This is hard
to pull off in a horizontal shot. Burst mode (like the iPhone) lets you hold
your finger down on the shutter and get multiple (I picked up to 50) shots at
one time, which is great for action. An added bonus: Google automatically
produces an animated GIF from the files, which you can share easily. See the
example below.

Selfies: A switch next to the shutter button lets you flip to the front-facing
camera for selfie shots.

Manual overrides: White-balance adjustments are at the top of the screen, along
with a tab to turn the flash on and off. On-screen you can adjust focus and
exposure pretty effectively.

The goods:

Despite the hype, the Pixel isn't a revolutionary camera that will change the
way you look at photography and make pros want to ditch their DSLR cameras. It
is another slight step forward in what can be done with a tiny point-and-shoot
lens and software. But most of you won't be shooting in the middle of the night.
For average, daytime snapshots, group photos at restaurants and homes and the
like, you can't go wrong with Pixel, iPhone 7 Plus or Galaxy.

The results are so close, but the victory has to go to Pixel by a hair for the
low-light software tricks  Google has brought to the party.

