

Tech giant Google today unveiled its much-anticipated new smartphone to rival
Apple's popular iPhone 7.

The Pixel has Google Assistant built into the software, the firm's artificial
intelligence program that is designed to understand context and help with tasks.

The new phone was unveiled at an event in San Francisco, both in a 5in and 5.5in
XL size.

The tech giant event went as far as to reference Apple on stage showing a
"storage full" message from an iPhone, something it said Pixel would avoid with
unlimited full resolution backups of photos and videos using Google Photos'
cloud storage.

It has been billed by Google as housing the "best smartphone camera ever made"
and the first device to be built to work with Google's new Daydream virtual
reality platform.

Sabrina Ellis, Google director of product management, talks about the new phone
at the launch in San Francisco (AP)

Users will be able to access the Assistant AI program from any screen on the
device, and it will be able to understand context.

When demonstrated on stage, Pixel was able to find details on a restaurant that
was mentioned in a text message conversation - offering contact details, photos
and directions.

Google chief Sundar Pichai said the Pixel marked the beginning of a new era in
computing and smartphones.

"We're at a seminal moment in computing," he said.

Google CEO Sundar Pichai talks about the new Google Assistant (AP)

"We've always had big shifts in computing in every 10 years or so. It began in
the 1980s with personal computers. In the 90s the web arrived and it was the
biggest platform shift ever.

"10 years later in the mid 2000s, we had the smartphone revolution. Now the
shift continues. We are evolving from a mobile first to AI first world."

Google also revealed the first virtual reality headset for its new Daydream VR
platform, Daydream View.

Unlike rival headsets - including Samsung's Gear VR - View is finished in
fabric, a conscious design decision, the tech giant said, aimed at replicating
the type of materials used in other wearable products.

The phone's come in "Quite Black" and "Very Silver" (PA)

The new headset is powered by placing the new Pixel smartphone into it, though
Google did also confirm that future Android phones would also come with Daydream
support.

It will enable users to watch YouTube videos and access Google Maps in virtual
reality, as well as play games.

Read more

A guide to cloud storage from Amazon Drive to iCloud and Google Drive

Google releases its 18th birthday doodle today- but when was the company
actually founded?

8 rules of video calls: from Skype to FaceTime and Google Duo

The headset is also supported by a companion controller that can be used as a
remote as well as a way to write and draw in virtual reality.

The tech giant revealed that the View headset will go on sale in November.

Google also introduced a range of new products aimed at creating a "smart home",
including Google WiFi, a new system of small WiFi receivers placed around a home
to build a network that will improve signal, the internet company said.

