

Google premiered Android 7.1 Nougat alongside unveiling its very first Pixel
phone on Tuesday. This new Android version is now reported to come preloaded
with Night Light mode to take on Apple's iOS.

Apple developed iOS 9.3 with a Night Shift mode to "warm up" the display panels
of iPhones and iPads to ease the reading experience. Likewise, Google has this
time designed its Night Light to reduce blue light emitted by Android devices at
night.

Alongside the Night Light mode, as reported by Android Police, Google is
offering Android 7.1 with Daydream VR mode to support Google's Daydream View and
various other advanced VR headsets. The operating system also includes a
fingerprint swipe feature to let you check your notifications simply by swiping
down on the built-in fingerprint sensor of your device.

Developer-centric features

The Android update additionally comes with some developer-centric features such
as APIs for app shortcuts and shortcut manager, circular app icon support,
keyboard image insertion, fingerprint gesture support, improved VR thread
scheduling, enhancements to wallpaper metadata, multi-endpoint calling and a
storage manager to identify installed apps as well as stored files. Google has
also provided inputs for some MNO (mobile network operator) requirements,
including PCDMA voice privacy, source type support for visual voicemail and
carrier configuration options to manage video telephony.

Exclusive experience for Pixel

In addition to the latest features for all users, Google has reportedly designed
some options specifically for the Pixel users. These include a Pixel launcher,
unlimited access to Google Photos, Smart Storage and Support. The platform also
has a quick switch adapter to enable wired setup for alien users, new camera app
and various aesthetic changes.

Notably, Android 7.1 comes preloaded with Google Assistant that wakes up with a
long-press of the home button This AI-backed feature is appeared to be limited
to the Pixel devices and would not come to your device no matters if it is a
Nexus device and runs on the newest Android variant.

Having said that, all this shows that Google's freshest Android Nougat flavour
will have enough power to rival iOS. However, the search giant might restrict
some open sourced areas to largely promote its Pixel smartphones.

