

Every Android phone has come with some compromise built in. Whereas the iPhone
owes much of its popularity to Apple's ability to control every last design
detail - building software and hardware that works in perfect harmony - Google
has always had to rely on third-party manufacturers to make its phones.
Imperfection's gnarled fingers worked their way in through the cracks.

The resulting phones often felt fragmented and wonky, as if Android's software
and the hardware in which it found itself were striving towards two different
goals. Unwanted apps would litter the screens of most devices. Updates would
take months to filter down to handsets running customised versions of the
operating system. Even the Nexus range, which was as stock as Android phones
come, felt one-click removed from the will of its creator.

Pixel is the first phone built by Google, inside and out. And it's the first
Android phone that feels somehow complete, in a way that's difficult to
quantify. The screen is as responsive to touch as the iPhone's: things pop and
slide and swipe and scroll with just the right sense of give and inertia. It's
remarkably light, feels sturdy and looks stunning, its chamfered aluminium body
unspoiled by the camera bump that blighted the ghastly looking Nexus 6P.

Both the 5" Pixel and the 5.5" Pixel XL are of identical specs, differing only
in screen resolution and battery life. With the XL, you can expect the battery
to last a full day of charge with heavy use: mine rarely hits 60 per cent by the
time I leave the office, and I typically watch a dozen or so funny dog
compilation videos in the afternoon. If you do run dry, just 15 minutes of
charging gives you seven hours of battery life.

The camera received the highest ever rating on the industry-accepted DxO
benchmark, though you'd struggle to spot much difference between shots taken on
this, the S7 and iPhone 7. Post-processing of HDR images has been vastly
improved over the Nexus phones, spitting out stunning images in low-light, and
can now be shot without the split-second delays that would often cause blurring
and artifacts. Pixel owners get infinite online storage of full-resolution
photos and 4K videos on Google Drive.

The voice-activated Google Assistant lives behind the home button, popping up to
give you news briefings, directions, search results, appointments, music and
more. More conversational and intelligent than Siri, and more useful than Alexa,
Google Assistant is touted as the beating heart of the phone. In practice, the
assistant is still an imperfect helper, not quite the leap forward in digital
servitude being promised, but one that's developing at breakneck pace. Google
are banking hard on being at the forefront of the virtual assistant revolution,
promising features such as OpenTable bookings and Uber orders.

This is an incredibly good phone in every respect - camera, battery, speed,
software, hardware, the non-explodeyness of it - and almost by definition the
greatest Android phone ever made. With Pixel, Google's mobile operating system
finally feels comfortable in its own skin. And it also has a 3.5mm headphone
jack.

KODAK EKTRA £449, www.KODAKPHONES.COM Kodak's latest product, the Ektra
smartphone, combines cutting edge tech deliciously retro stylings. While most
handsets are phones with a camera attached, the Ektra approaches the situation
from the opposite direction. Everything about it, from the styling to the
hardware to the marketing, are focused around taking pictures.

The black leather rear of the device is dominated by an oversized round lens,
one end of the handset bulging out the grip on an SLR. Inside it packs a main
camera, 13MP front facing camera, optical image stabilisation and 4K capture. It
borrows SLR-style scene selection settings and features a dual press shutter
button, and also runs the latest version of Android. It's manufactured by
smartphone-maker Bullitt, which is bestknown for making rugged devices for
companies including Caterpillar and JCB.

This isn't the first phone from Kodak; that dubious honour goes to the largely
unloved IM5, which was released last year made by Bullitt). That phone was less
distinctive and rather ugly. The Ektra, on other hand is a real stunner. It
launches December.

GAME RHYTHM PARADISE MEGAMIX PLATFORM: NINTENDO 3DS ????? | BY SEAN BELL
Videogames excel at wish fulfilment. For example: we've all dreamed of being a
little rabbit travelling across an ocean by rhythmically jumping off the backs
of a line of giant turtles, or being a floating bow and arrow shooting at
ghosts, or a set of tweezers plucking hairs out of onions with faces drawn on
them.

Despite clearly catering to mainstream desires, and the fact they enlisted
Beyoncé to do the advert, the Rhythm Paradise series is still considered niche
even though it's been out for decade.

Sensing this, Nintendo has put together Rhythm Paradise Megamix, a collection of
the best bits of the entire series, including some reworked bits from the very
first game that never saw a release in the UK.

You work your way through a series of ludicrous, short but smartly designed
rhythm-based challenges, tapping on the screen and frequently laughing as you do
so thanks to the relentless inventiveness and absurd sense of humour. It'll even
charm you in the way it trips you up. Once you reach the higher difficulty
levels, it gently obfuscates things, removing important visual and audio cues,
forcing you to rely on your own internal sense of rhythm instead of simply
watching or listening to what's happening on screen.

Rhythm Paradise Megamix is an entirely welcome trip down memory lane for series
veterans, and utterly essential for pretty much everyone else.

