

US internet giant Google on Tuesday challenged heavyweight rivals including
Apple and Amazon with an array of new gadgets aimed at digital lifestyles.
Coming products to watch for: Pixel is the first smartphone designed by Google,
with the Silicon Valley powerhouse dictating the hardware, software and services
the way Apple does with its iPhones.

The Google-branded smartphone takes aim at flagship models by Apple, Samsung and
others in the fiercely competitive market. Pixel, which comes in five and
55-inch (12.

7 and 14-centimeter) screen sizes, boasts a fingerprint reader, a camera billed
as the best in any smartphone, unlimited online storage for photos and videos,
and quick charging combined with long battery life.PixelPixel is powered by the
latest version of the Android mobile operating system, Nougat, and Google
promised to keep the software automatically updated.

Pixel also features Virtual Assistant artificial intelligence to enable users to
manage tasks and get information in natural conversation format.Pixel's starting
price of $649 in the United States is the same as that of Apple's newest iPhone.

Preorders for Pixel began Tuesday in Australia, Britain, Canada, Germany and the
United States. Pixel will be available for order in India on October 13.

Google HomeGoogle Home is a flower vase-sized speaker infused with machine
smarts and voice controls to act as a cyber concierge for getting information
and managing tasks about the house or flat. Home listens for commands or queries
even while playing music, and can control other smart devices in range.

Google Home will be available in shops in November, but could be pre-ordered
beginning Tuesday.The device's price in the United States is $129.

That's $50 less than Amazon Echo, a rival that has been popular with consumers
here since it was launched by the online retail titan. Google Assistant is an
improved version of virtual helper software the internet company previously
called Google Now.

It competes with Apple's Siri, Amazon's Alexa, and Microsoft's Cortana, tapping
into the vast trove of knowledge amassed by the world's leading online search
engine. Google outlined plans to infuse a growing array of devices and services
with Assistant smarts, letting people get answers or manage matters in
conversational styles, as though speaking with a human aide.

Google laid out a vision of becoming a leading player in artificial
intelligence, with Assistant being infused into many devices and services
allowing opportunities to have them work together Google already built Assistant
smarts into a new Allo smartphone messaging app released last month, and put the
software at the heart of Pixel and Google Home.Daydream VRDaydream View virtual
reality headgear came as an answer to Facebook-owned Oculus, and a direct
challenge to Samsung Gear VR.

Smartphones compatible with Google's Daydream software platform can be slipped
into play in View headgear to act as screens for virtual reality experiences.
View is made of cloth, a step up from the actual cardboard from which its
predecessor at Google was playfully constructed.

Purportedly inspired by casual clothing, View material makes it lighter and
potentially more comfortable than devices already on the market.View comes with
a controller and was billed as making virtual reality "accessible" at a price of
$79 in the United States, where it will arrive in November View will also be
available in Australia, Britain, Canada and Germany.

In comparison, Samsung Gear VR headgear is priced at $100. Oculus Rift virtual
reality head gear has a $599 price tag and must be connected to high-performance
computers.

Chromecast UltraChromecast Ultra is an improved version of medallion-sized
Chromecast devices that plug into TV monitors for viewing online streaming
videos. Google said it has sold more than 30 million Chromecast devices since
they debuted three years ago.

The new generation Chromecast promised more reliable viewing and image quality
ramped all the way up to ultra-high definition 4K video.Chromecast Ultra was
priced at $69 and will be available in November in the United States and 15
other countries.

Google Wi-FiGoogle Wifi promises to make sure people can connect to the internet
from anywhere in a home. Disk-sized Wifi modules can be placed in various spots
in homes, acting as an internet-linked mesh of sorts so getting online is
uniformly easy.

Wifi software lets people easily manage congestion on home networks, or even
selectively cut off children's gadgets from the internet when they should be at
a meal or in bed.Google will begin taking pre-orders for Wifi in November,
advertising the price as $129 for a single unit or $299 for a pack of three
modules.

