

The invites have been sent and in just two weeks' time Google CEO Sundar Pichai
will be taking to the stage to unveil two new smartphones that drop the Nexus
moniker in favor of a new Pixel brand. But will consumers go dotty for the new
handsets?

According to the reports, leaks and rumors surrounding the event, the internal
specifications that the handsets will boast will be as good as -- if not better
than -- anything currently found inside an Android smartphone, so 4GB of RAM and
Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processors sitting behind either a 5-inch or 5.5-inch
display depending on whether it's the Pixel or the Pixel XL.

Since Google launched the Android operating system, it has also been
collaborating with smartphone companies to create what it calls reference
designs -- the best set of components to get the best out of Android's features
-- and they've been called Nexus phones. And the best thing about these handset
is that despite their top-of-the-line specifications they have been affordable
options when compared to the likes of the Samsung Galaxy S range.

However, the Pixel handsets will change all of that. Google has been involved in
the manufacturing -- it's partnering with HTC -- as well as engineering process,
and the resulting phones will be premium in terms of materials and price tag,
too.

According to Android Police's David Ruddock, the 5-inch Pixel handset with 32GB
of onboard storage will retail for $649 in the US, which makes it exactly the
same price as the iPhone 7.

But as well as a price increase, the Pixel phones are expected to come out of
the box with something other than 'stock' Android and will instead boast extra
features on top of what other handsets running Nougat can deliver.

However, though there have been plenty of leaks since February regarding
Google's plans, we won't know for sure exactly what's coming until the event
kicks off at 9am PT on October 4 in San Francisco. And, Google being Google it
will use the show to showcase devices other than just phones so we could get to
see the first demonstrations of its VR platform, a new Chromebook and some smart
home and IoT kit.

