

The rumour mill is on full run latelyhinting about the upcoming Android One
(http://www.techtree.com/content/news/9357/google
-launch-new-android-one-smartphone-lava.html)smartphone
(http://www.techtree.com/content/news/9357/google
-launch-new-android-one-smartphone-lava.html)in India
(http://www.techtree.com/content/news/9357/google
-launch-new-android-one-smartphone-lava.html)which is expected to be made by
Lava. Recently,Lava also sent out invites
(http://www.techtree.com/content/news/9519/lava-unveil-second-generation-android
-one-handset-next-week.html) to an event to be held on July 27 in Delhi adding
more to the rumours about the new Android One device.

The Indian retailer MySmartPrice (http://www.mysmartprice.com/mobile/lava-pixel
-v1-msp7667) has recently revealed the Lava Pixel V1, an Android 5.1.1 device
that is said to be priced at around Rs 11,349.

While nearly one year after the first Android One smartphones debuted in India,
Google has finally made its mind to give a bump in the specifications of its
Android One series.

Coming to the specs, the Lava Pixel V1 comes with a quad-core 64 bit Qualcomm
processor, 2 GB of RAM, 5.5 inch HD display with Asahi Dragon Trail glass, 32 GB
of internal memory which can be expanded via microSD card and a dual SIM card
slot.

The smartphone also comes with a 13 MP rear camera with f/2.0 aperture and 5 MP
front camera with 3G network connectivity support and WiFi, Bluetooth and GPS
connectivity.

The smartphone comes with a 2,650 mAh battery and runs on Android 5.1 Lollipop.
Since the Lava Pixel V1 is part of the Android One initiative, it is guaranteed
to get at least two years' worth of Android updates straight from Google, which
should start with Android M.

However, the smartphone may disappoint a few as it is not 4G enabled, but
keeping the price point in view, we feel it is worth for what we pay.

Churning out the past a little, we all know that things didn't turn out to be
how Google actually wanted especially with the outburst of Chinese players like
Xiaomi that offered better specs in the similar price range.

The Lava Pixel V1 is definitely one of the best-looking Android One phones that
we've seen to date. The first models were somewhat plain black slabs, and while
things have gotten a bit better lately, the Pixel V1's thin bezels and
white-and-silver backside definitely make it more attractive that its
predecessors.

However, An official announcement of the Lava Pixel V1 is expected to come on
July 29.

