

Wednesday, August 12, 2015: The MobileStore Ltd, India's largest telephony
retailer presents the Lava Pixel V1 with the FED: Fastest Expert Delivery
advantage by partnering with Google and offering the FED service for all those
who are visiting the Android One India Home Page. So all those looking to
purchase the latest Lava Pixel V1 can buy it through The MobileStore FED Service
that delivers the phone at your doorstep within two hours. If you are looking
for an opportunity to touch and feel Lava's Pixel V1smartphone live before
purchasing it look no further than The MobileStore.Experience the Lava Pixel V1
that is now available across290 plus outlets of The MobileStore spread across
India with the added advantage of buying it offline at its online price!

The MobileStore's FED: Fastest Expert Delivery service is a radical solution
from The MobileStore that has changed the timelines for delivering mobile phones
across India. The days where a customer had to wait for 3 to 5 days to receive
their mobile phone after making an online purchase are now history,thanks to The
MobileStore's revolutionary FED service!Such has been the popularity of the FED
service by The MobileStore that Google will offering people who are searching
for the Lava Pixel V1 handset to a dedicated page with a 'Buy Now' with FED
option, which when clicked upon will showcase The MobileStore'sFED: Fastest
Expert Delivery service that promises to deliver your smartphone within 2 hours.

Speaking on the occasion, Mr. Navin Chawla, VP and Head - Product, Lava
International Ltdsaid, "We are extremely pleased to launch Lava's first Android
One device, the Pixel V1. This device sets the foundation for a new category of
smartphones by Lava that offer a great value and experience to the consumer.We
completely believe in the prowess of the innovative FED service offered by the
Mobile store and are confident that with the help of this service we will be
able to reach out to the maximum number of consumers across the nation at their
convenience."

Mr. Alok Gupta,CEO& MD TheMobileStoresaid, "The two major factors that influence
a buyer's decision are pricing and convenience.With this partnership, customers
can benefit from great pricing, in-store experience from The MobileStore and
experience our FED servicethat ensures instant gratification of shopping online.
With our extensive reach across the country along with a well distributed
inventory, the phones will be delivered through our FED service by trained sales
people from our storesoffering much more value-added service. Our strength will
be in bringing the in-store experience to online customers

The Lava Pixel V1 smartphone is backed by google's Android One that means you
will get the latest operating system updates from google instantly. The Lava
Pixel V1 is already loaded with Android 5.0 Lollipop, but Lava Pixel V1 owners
can expect a sweeter treat in the form of Android 5.1 version of lollipop!

The Lava Pixel V1 smartphone that's ultra sleekand compact in design is powered
by a Quad Core 1.3 GHz Processor, runs on Android One based on Android 5.0
Lollipop, and has a 5.5 Inch HD IPS Display TFT Capacitive Touch Screen.The Lava
Pixel V1 comes with an 8MP Front Camera and a 13 MP Rear Camera withBackside
Illumination(BSI) LED Flashthat improvesits performance in low-light.It's also
equipped with 32 GB Internal Memory which can be further extended up to 32 GB, a
2 GB RAM, and a 2,650 mAh Quick Charge 2.0 battery.

The Lava Pixel V1 is now available at The MobileStore Online through the Google
Android One web portal, and Offline at 245 outlets of The MobileStore across the
country.

