
DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO

ABSTRACT

The company has introduced the Pixel, a new version of its Chromebook range of
laptops that store everything online without desktop software.

FULL TEXT

Google, already dominant in the mobile arena, is stepping further into the
laptop business and moving way up the price scale.

The company has just introduced the Pixel, a new version of its Chromebook
laptops, which store everything online without desktop software. The latest
version has a few major distinguishing factors. Google designed and manufactured
the laptop itself, and it has a touch screen.

It is also much more expensive than previous Google Chromebooks. A Wi-Fi model
selling for $1,300 will begin shipping next week in Britain and the United
States, and a model equipped with a Long Term Evolution cellular network selling
for $1,450 will ship in the United States in April. By contrast, the Chromebook
that Google introduced last autumn cost $250, and was marketed as an
inexpensive, extra device for the home.

The Pixel is for power users, Sundar Pichai, Google's senior vice president for
Chrome, said at a news media event in a San Francisco design studio.

Translation: Google is going directly after Apple and Microsoft to try to sell
its own high-end devices.

The question is whether customers will buy a laptop at this price from an
untested manufacturer, especially when it requires people to do all their
computing in the cloud. There are a host of competitively priced computers on
the market with similar and additional features. Analysts say that in the near
future, most laptops will have touch screens.

''For people who have committed to the cloud and really want a good laptop, this
is the best laptop from a hardware standpoint,'' Mr. Pichai said. ''Some of them
buy Macs, some of them buy Windows 8 machines and we wanted to make sure you
could see Chromebooks in that segment.''

Mr. Pichai said that Google's engineers had paid obsessive attention to the
laptop's design. Its touch screen is brighter and taller and has higher
resolution than those of most laptops, though it also drains the battery more
quickly.

The keyboard responds differently to hard and soft typing. Then there are little
things - the screws are hidden, there is a microphone under the keyboard so the
computer can mute your typing when you are on a video chat and the base of the
computer stays put when you lift open the top.

The new Chromebook is a big step in Google's transition to being a hardware
company. It acquired Motorola Mobility and has teamed up with other
manufacturers to build previous Chromebooks and Android Nexus devices. It has
already built the ill-fated Nexus Q home entertainment device and Google
glasses.

''It's been a long time in computing since we've had this rate of change,''
Larry Page, Google's chief executive, told analysts in January. ''It probably
hasn't happened since the birth of personal computing. That's why we've put so
much focus on devices.''

When people use Google devices, the thinking goes, they are more likely to use
Google's other products - like search, docs and photo-sharing - and to see more
ads.

Chromebooks can store a small amount of data, like a file someone sends you to
download. But the idea is that users will do their computing in the cloud.
Instead of using Microsoft Word or Outlook, for instance, people use Google Docs
or Gmail.

That offers immediate backup and access to digital files from any Internet
connection.

''Even people like my mom and dad live in the cloud, they just don't know what
the cloud is,'' Mr. Pichai said.

The problem is that few people are ready to live entirely in the cloud, and even
many of those who are ready cannot do so because applications like Word are such
a big part of their computing lives.

Google added a few features to make that easier with the Pixel. If a user plugs
in a camera's memory card, the photos upload to Google Plus and the user can
share them with a click. With the help of Quickoffice, a start-up Google
acquired last year, a way to open, edit and send Word or Excel files seamlessly
was created on the Chromebook.

These features are an acknowledgement that Google Docs is nowhere close to
taking on Microsoft Office.

''All of us deal with Word files, Excel files,'' Mr. Pichai said. ''It's here to
stay.''

To help people make the cloud transition, Google is offering one terabyte of
Google Drive storage for three years with the Pixel. That amount of storage is
worth $1,800.

Mr. Pichai admitted that the lines are blurring between Google's two operating
systems - Chrome, used on the company's laptops, and Android, typically used for
touch-screen phones and tablets. He said that did not matter because users of
either operating system used the same Google services.

The Pixel, which is made in Taiwan, will be sold at bestbuy.com and online at
the Google Play store.

