

Click for image

Google announced some cool consumer electronics devices at its San Francisco
event yesterday hashtagged #MadeByGoogle: Google Home personal digital
assistant, two new flagship phones under the new Pixel brand, Chromecast Ultra
(capable of 4K video), Google Wi-Fi, and a VR headset for the Pixel phones. The
usual sales channels-Verizon, Best Buy and Google Play-will distribute them.

It sounds like the consumer electronics business, but it is not.

Each product is thoughtfully designed with features that appeal to consumers.
But they also enable Google to extend its infrastructure to increase revenues in
existing businesses, to create new lines of business, and in the case of the
Google Home digital assistant, to acquire a deeper understanding of users than
its search engine provides.

+ Also on Network World:Â Amazon Echo, Google Home and their competitors will be
a $2.1 billion market by 2020 +

Google's hardware partners in past September announcements would deliver a
complete product that Google would add its name and brand and sell it through
its Play Store and through its channels. Google changed the relationship. Google
engineers sat elbow to elbow with partner engineers, designing and engineering
responsive application-specific devices. In the short term, custom-designed
hardware built for specific applications perform better than commodity hardware.
However, in the longer term, commodity hardware gets faster and less expensive,
eliminating the need for customer hardware.

Looking at these devices from Google's perspective, the company has a good
reason for its #MadeByGoogle hashtag-to deliver high-performance hardware that
enables Google's services.

Google Home: Google Home pictured to the left in the photo below is an
attractive, vase-shaped personal assistant that doubles as a streamed music
sound system. Somewhat like Amazon's Alexa, it can answer direct questions based
on the 70 billion entries in Google's knowledge graph ranked internet sites and
interface with home control systems to, for instance, turn on lights when asked.
It can also conversationally clarify a request for action, such as call an Uber.

Plus, it is the front end to machine learning systems in Google's cloud to
conversationally interact with users. Google Home has to be responsive,
understand what a user said, filter noise from the background, and with very low
latency, send the user's part of the conversation to Google's cloud for
interpretation and a response.

Google Home is powered by Google Assistant, which also was demonstrated on the
new Pixel phone. Peeling away the layers, there are public machine learning APIs
that let independent developers create their own Google Assistant app. And
finally, underneath all of the layers is the embedded Google Assistant software
developer kit (SDK), due to for release next year, that lets other consumer
hardware makers build Google Assistant features into their products.

Google CEO Sundar Pichai said Google's intention is to shift from being a
mobile-first company to become an AI-first company. AI-first means humans
interact with machines conversationally, not just with phones. There is no
reason why a conversational agent has to run on one type of device, such as a
Pixel phone or the Home device. Google Assistant could be built into a
refrigerator, a vacuum or a car with the SDK.

The Home device is a stable, responsive platform. It is better suited as a
personal assistant than a smartphone because it is plugged in, so it is always
ready. And its dedicated hardware makes it responsive to interpreting users'
voices.

During the Home demonstration, it appeared as though the conversation was taking
place locally. However, it communicated with machine learning systems in
Google's cloud to understand and respond.

Like Google search uses machine learning to optimize the interpretation of user
searches and rank results learned from search history, Google Assistant running
on Home, Android and elsewhere will learn to respond by better understanding
what the user has asked and better predict the response that best serves the
user.

If Google Assistant can be optimized to better understand and predict, Google
can use the same technique to predict which ads will appeal to a consumer and
perhaps create new ways to monetize its free services. Home also will learn in a
different context than search: in users' homes. And if it makes itself an
indispensable personal assistant, it will know everything about everyone living
in these homes, improving its ability to predict which ads are most appealing to
users.

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: These two beautifully engineered phones with a 5-in.
and 5.5-in. screen, respectively, have been optimized to serve two purposes.
First, the Pixel is Google's new entry into the flagship phone race. It has a
smooth, beautifully designed, glass-and-metal housing that looks and feels like
the best flagship phones. Like all flagships, it has an amazing camera that
achieved a top score of 89 from camera researcher DxOMark. And its specs,
reported by GSM Arena, reflect excellent engineering and curation of top-tier
components into a polished device.

It is also the first Daydream-ready, VR smartphone designed to be inserted in
the Daydream View headset (pictured below). The Pixel design has been optimized
when worn with the Daydream View headset with a very low latency gyroscope and
inertial measurement unit (IMU) to track the user's head movement and a very
fast Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 SoC designed for VR that can render VR video on the
screen that match the user's changing head orientation.

More engineering and more expensive high-performance components have gone into
the Pixel than would be required even for a flagship to make VR apps perform
well while keeping the price in the flagship price range. A smartphone maker
would not ordinarily pay for more expensive VR-ready components unless they were
investing in a new application like Google is in VR.

Google Wi-Fi and Chromecast Ultra: These two devices are best explained
together. Home Wi-Fi routers aren't keeping pace with the steadily rising number
of consumer devices in the home that stream audio and video. And they are hard
to set up.

Google does not want to be a cable company like Comcast, but it does want users
to stream more audio and video content from its Play Store and video content
from YouTube, creating a bigger workload as content shifts from HD to Ultra-HD
4K resolution and 3D VR video. For most consumers, buying the right routers,
configuring them and setting them up, and placing them throughout the home to
provide a strong, evenly distributed Wi-Fi signal is beyond their skill levels.

Google's Wi-Fi business model differs from that of a typical router company that
tries to make a small profit in the cutthroat router market. Google has an
incentive to solve the setup, configuration and signal distribution problem for
the consumer because a better, faster and evenly distributed Wi-Fi signal will
enable users to stream video and audio, as well as stream YouTube where its
margins are much greater compared to routers.

Google Wi-Fi automatically configures multiple access points. Network management
by its smart Network Assist automatically helps avoid Wi-Fi congestion and
transitions the user to the closest Wi-Fi point for the best signal.

Chromecast Ultra fits into this network scheme. It is almost twice as fast as
the second-generation Chromecast, and it supports streaming of 4K video to the
latest high-resolution TVs and Daydream VR headsets.

Google doesn't want to be Apple or Comcast. It wants billions of users to spend
more time in front of every type of screen and immersed in VR consuming its
content. Right now, the hardware needs to be optimized for this task. If
successful, many consumer device makers will build devices like these to expand
Google's ecosystem.

