

Google is stepping further into the laptop business, and moving way up the price
scale.

The company introduced the Pixel on Thursday, a new version of its Chromebook
laptops that store everything online without desktop software. The latest
version has a few major distinguishing factors. Google designed and manufactured
the laptop itself, and it has a touch screen.

It is also much more expensive than previous Google Chromebooks. A Wi-Fi model
selling for $1,300 will begin shipping next week, and a model equipped with an
LTE cellular network selling for $1,450 will ship in April. By contrast, the
Chromebook that Google introduced last fall cost cost $250, and was marketed as
an inexpensive, extra device for the home.

The Pixel, meanwhile, is for power users, said Sundar Pichai, Google's senior
vice president for Chrome, at a news media event in a San Francisco design
studio.

Translation: Google is going directly after Apple and Microsoft to try to sell
its own high-end devices.

The question is whether customers will buy a laptop at this price from an
untested manufacturer, especially when it requires people to do all their
computing in the cloud. There are a host of competitively priced computers on
the market with similar and additional features. Analysts say that in the near
future, most laptops will have touch screens.

''For people who have committed to the cloud and really want a good laptop, this
is the best laptop from a hardware standpoint,'' Mr. Pichai said. ''Some of them
buy Macs, some of them buy Windows 8 machines and we wanted to make sure you
could see Chromebooks in that segment.''

Mr. Pichai said that Google's engineers paid obsessive attention to the laptop's
design. Its touch screen is brighter, taller and higher resolution than most
laptops, though it also drains the battery more quickly. The keyboard responds
differently based on how hard or soft you type.

Then there are little things -- the screws are hidden, there is a microphone
under the keyboard so the computer can mute your typing when you are on a video
chat and the base of the computer stays put when you lift open the top.

The new Chromebook is a big step in Google's transition to hardware company. It
acquired Motorola Mobility and has teamed up with other manufacturers to build
previous Chromebooks and Android Nexus devices. It has already built the
ill-fated Nexus Q home entertainment device and Google glasses.

''It's been a long time in computing since we've had this rate of change, it
probably hasn't happened since the birth of personal computing,'' Larry Page,
Google's chief executive, told analysts in January. ''That's why we've put so
much focus on devices.''

When people use Google devices, the thinking goes, they are more likely to use
Google's other products -- like search, docs and photo-sharing -- and see more
ads.

Chromebooks can store a small amount of data, like a file someone sends you to
download. But the idea is that users will do their computing in the cloud.
Instead of using Microsoft Word or Outlook, for instance, people use Google Docs
or Gmail. That offers immediate backup and the ability to access digital files
from any Internet-connected computer.

''Even people like my mom and dad live in the cloud, they just don't know what
the cloud is,'' Mr. Pichai said.

The problem is that few people are ready to live entirely in the cloud, and even
many of those who are ready cannot do so because applications like Word are such
a big part of their computing lives.

Google added a few features to make that easier with the Pixel. If a user plugs
in a camera's memory card, the photos upload to Google Plus and the user can
share them with a click. With the help of Quickoffice, a start-up Google
acquired last year, a way to seamlessly open, edit and send Word or Excel files
was created on the Chromebook.

These features are an acknowledgement that Google Docs is nowhere close to
taking on Microsoft Office.

''All of us deal with Word files, Excel files,'' Mr. Pichai said. ''It's here to
stay.''

To help people make the cloud transition, Google is offering one terabyte of
Google Drive storage for three years with the Pixel. That amount of storage is
worth $1,800. The more expensive model of the Pixel can also tap into Verizon's
cellular network when there is no WiFi available. The cellular model will not
require a subscription to a monthly data plan. Instead, users will have various
options for connecting to the cellular network, like buying access for a day or
adding their device to their monthly Verizon plans. The LTE-enabled Chromebooks
also come with 100 megabytes of free data traffic each month for two years.

Mr. Pichai admitted that the lines are blurring between Google's two operating
systems -- Chrome, used on the company's laptops, and Android, typically used
for touch-screen phones and tablets. He said that did not matter because users
of either operating system used the same Google services.

The Pixel, which is made in Taiwan, will be sold at bestbuy.com and online at
the Google Play store.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL: http://bits.blogs.nytimes.com/2013/02/21/google
-introduces-a-touchscreen-laptop/

