

New Pixel-branded phones, the long-awaited Daydream virtual reality platform and
Google Home could be among items announced at a major Alphabet/Google event in
San Francisco next week.

Like Apple, Google makes us guess about what it will launch on October 4. But
again like Apple, there are more probable contenders among the rumours.

Missing from the speculation is an upgrade to Android Wear, Google's operating
system for smartwatches that is badly out of date.

Apple's Watch-OS and Samsung's Tizen offer superior smartwatch experiences. With
Motor-ola, LG and Huawei not expected to release Android Wear watches this year,
the future of Google-inspired smartwatches is nebulous.

On the other hand, Google's overwhelmingly successful Chrome-cast dongle, which
lets you stream content from your phone or tablet to a TV, is tipped to get an
upgrade to 4K. If it does, users can choose 4K content on their phone, and have
their 4K TV fetch it and play it in ultra-high definition resolution.

It is almost guaranteed we will see new branded Google phones. Since 2010,
Google had tasked manufacturers such as Samsung, LG, Motorola, HTC and more
recently Huawei to make "Nexus" phones, handsets that ran an unmodified or
vanilla version of its Android operating system.

Rumours have swirled about a new "Pixel" range, a 5-inch Pixel and larger
5.5-inch Pixel XL handset. Websites have run photos of both with aluminium
finishes, and home screen redesigns with circular icons and launcher shortcuts
in Android Nougat 7.1. Google has also released intriguing new videos hinting at
the devices.

After so many reports, it would be hard to accept that none of this is true.
Google's Home speaker, a voice recognition competitor to Amazon Echo's Alexa, is
another contender. Given that Apple has HomeKit working as an app, Google has to
ramp up its home automation and Internet of Things offerings to attract
developers. This month it released an IoT kit to help developers build IoT apps
and there's been reported moves about this working in concert with its Nest
thermostat ecosystem.

In May, Google announced its Daydream virtual reality platform and there is some
belief it will launch next week. Daydream VR experiences designed by developers
will play on Daydream-compatible VR headsets, although it's unclear whether
Google will release its own headset or leave that to manufacturers.

Manufacturers will have to build fast smartphones with low latency that drive
the Daydream VR experience.

A blog by Google's developers includes reference to experiments in social
interactions in VR, such as trying on hats and sunglasses in virtual shops,
interactions between real and virtual worlds and experiments that make use of
existing VR controllers such as HTC Vive.

Already, Australian VR production companies are gearing to build VR experiences
in Daydream.

Red Cartel managing director Landon Curry said the audience he could reach
through Google and its Android devices was larger when compared with developing
for Oculus Rift and using a Samsung Gear VR headset.

Red Cartel already has developed a VR experience for MAX, part of the Tatts
Group, as an internal branding exercise. It includes a virtual lift experience,
which could be adapted to, say, promoting an airline lounge, where customers
enter the lounge virtually after travelling by lift.Mr Curry said developers who
built games using engines such as Unity were well placed to build VR
applications in Daydream.

