
ABSTRACT

Google launched an aggressive challenge to consumer electronics giants like
Apple and Samsung on Tuesday, introducing a new line of smartphones called Pixel
and other gadgets designed to showcase a digital helper the company calls "
Google Assistant."

FULL TEXT

SAN FRANCISCO >> Google ratcheted up its rivalry with Apple and Amazon by
unveiling new smartphones, an internet-connected speaker that channels a digital
assistant, and other gadgets the company hopes to make indispensable.

The devices announced Tuesday are part of Google's bold move to design and sell
its own hardware, instead of just supplying Android and other software for other
companies to make products. Google's previous attempts at hardware have had
limited distribution and included such high-profile flops as its
internet-connected Glass headgear.

This time around, Google is betting that it can design software and hardware to
work seamlessly with each other. That's an art Apple mastered over the past 15
years as it turned out finely crafted iPods, iPhones, iPads and Macs.

Borrowing another page from Apple's book, Google is backing its expanded product
lineup with the biggest marketing campaign in its 18-year history. The company
isn't disclosing how much it will spend, but made it clear the ads touting
products "Made by Google" will be ubiquitous during the next few months.

"They have done some advertising in the past, but it's never been with this kind
of 'let us take care of everything for you' way," Gartner analyst Brian Blau
said. "This is more like Apple's way of doing things."

Google executives showed off a series of gadgets in rapid succession in San
Francisco on Tuesday.

The new Pixel phones, starting at $650, are aimed squarely at Apple's iPhone and
could also siphon sales from the biggest manufacturer of Android-powered phones,
Samsung.

Android now powers more than 80 percent of the smartphones sold around the
world. But Samsung has increasingly been adding more of its own software,
including its own mobile wallet, on its phones.

Analysts warned that Google's increased emphasis on its own branded devices runs
the risk of alienating Samsung, as well as LG and other longtime partners that
make Android gadgets. Google, though, emphasized it still plans to work with
other manufacturers, even as it tries to become a bigger player in hardware.

Meanwhile, Google's new Home speaker represents a counterpunch to Amazon's Echo,
a similar device that has become a big hit since its release about 15 months
ago. Google Home will cost $129, undercutting Echo by $50.

Google also announced a virtual-reality headset called Daydream View, a new
Wi-Fi router and an update to the company's Chromecast device for streaming
video.

Available in two sizes, the Pixel phones replace Google's previous foray into
smartphones with a Nexus brand introduced six years ago. Google never hailed
Nexus as its own phone, but instead positioned it as an example of how it
believed the Android system worked best.

In promoting the Pixels, Google highlighted a camera it says trumps the latest
iPhone, a long-lasting battery and a dedicated headphone jack - a staple that
Apple eliminated from the iPhones released last month. And while past Google
phones primarily relied on sales through Google's online Play store, the Pixel
will also be sold by Verizon in the U.S.

Analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy said in an email that
Google was smart to emphasize the performance of the new smartphone cameras, as
"consumers care about this a lot." But he said other features in the new phones
didn't seem that much different from what Samsung and Apple have offered in
their latest devices.

