

Google has launched the next-generation Chromebook Pixel, a more powerful model
that raises the bar in the high-end of the Chrome OS notebook range. It has been
nearly four years since the company introduced its first Chromebooks in
partnership with big-name manufacturers, and the line has already attracted a
strong following.

The new Google Chromebook Pixel has a 12.85-inch screen (2560x1700 pixels) and
two new USB Type-C reversible ports. The battery life is up to 15 hours,
according to Google, and a small LED strip allows the user to check the battery
level simply by tapping behind the screen. Two configurations are offered, so
far exclusively in the US, for $999 and $1,299.

Including the first Chromebooks launched in June 2011, Google has introduced a
total of 18 models from nine different brands (Asus, Acer, Dell, Google, HP,
Lenovo, LG, Samsung and Toshiba) in the US, many of which are also available
abroad.

According to Digitimes, Google could soon expand the line with a new 2-in-1
Chromebook, which would be halfway between a Chrome OS notebook and an Android
tablet. The rumored device will reportedly be made by the Taiwanese manufacturer
Quanta.

Different research firms estimate that Google sold between 5.5 and 6.5 million
Chromebooks worldwide in 2014, and ABI Research forecasts that over 10 million
will ship annually by 2019. One telling indicator comes from Amazon, which
reports that its three best-selling PCs over the 2014 holidays were Chromebooks
by Acer, Asus and HP.

On a related note, it is now possible to buy a Chromebook in a brick-and-mortar
Google Shop, the first of which opened recently in London. Two others are
expected to open before the end of this year.

More about the Chromebook line: google.com/chromebook
A video on the new Chromebook Pixel: youtu.be/0-J0FWWDuRg

