

If you didn't wrap up all your holiday shopping with Black Friday and Cyber
Monday, here are some ideas that will please both young and old on your list


Pixel C Android tablet The wait is over for Google's new Pixel C Android tablet.
It went on sale this week starting at $649 in Canada, with the keyboard adding
another $199 to the price tag. It's a fairly steep price in the world of tablets
but the Pixel C, the first tablet Google has designed for its Android 6.0
Marshmallow operating system, is a sleek and elegant device that conveys the
care and attention that went into its design and production. With the C in the
name standing for convertible, Google's new tablet jumps squarely into the
hybrid camp, giving users a brilliant 10.2-inch display with 308 pixels an inch
- one upping Apple's iPad Air and iPad Pro resolution of 264 PPI.

The keyboard that goes with the Pixel C is an option but one you'd definitely
want to have because the whole purpose of this device is to provide
multi-function utility and let you leave your laptop at home. It has full size
keys, the same as your notebook computer, although to squeeze it into a slightly
smaller format some key functions are onscreen only. The keyboard attaches
magnetically, tilts for viewing and gets its charging from the tablet. Google
puts the battery life at more than 10 hours and it charges via a USB Type-C
port. The rear camera is 8 megapixel, the front-facing one is 2MP. The Pixel C
with the keyboard weighs in at close to a kilogram, or two pounds, so it's not
exactly a featherweight. It's elegant, albeit somewhat expensive, but certainly
worth a look for the Android aficionado on your Christmas gift list.

Music to Your Ears For all you Sonos fans who have been waiting patiently - and
not so patiently - to be able to access Apple Music on your Sonos wireless
speakers, the wait is finally over. Or at least it will be Dec. 15 when Sonos
and Apple open up their public beta, allowing all the music and features of
Apple Music, including For You, New, Radio and My Music, to stream through Sonos
speakers. Timed to make for a great combo gift, an Apple music subscription,
with a Sonos speaker - ranging from the compact Play: 1 at $219 or $379 for a
pair, up to the new flagship Play: 5 at $549 (shown in large living room photo).
sonos.com.

Sphero BB8 Droid Perhaps you've already scored tickets to opening night of the
latest Star Wars movie, Episode VII - The Force Awakens. In which case you're
well on your way to being best parent/grandma/uncle ever. But if you feel the
need to totally spoil the Jedi in your life, check out Sphero BB8, the
app-enabled Droid that will become as loyal as R2-D2, listening for
instructions, sharing holographic messages and heading out on patrol, whether
it's in the kitchen, neighbourhood or whatever galaxy you happen to be in. $190.

Lights, Camera, Action Every year, photography enthusiast and award-winning
teacher Peter Vogel puts together a survey of digital cameras available in
Greater Vancouver with their street pricing, features and his recommendations.
If you're shopping for a camera, either for you or the shutterbug on your list,
Vogel's digital camera site at vandigicams.ca is a good place to start. Among
his recommendations this year: The Panasonic DMC FZ 200, at $500; Nikon's
Coolpix P610 at $370 and for a budget-conscious choice, check out Nikon's
Coolpix L340 at $180. And a good choice for the nature ninja, the rugged Ricoh
WG-4 that will work underwater for up to two hours, in depths up to 14 metres
and is listed at $230 at London Drugs.

gshaw@vancouversun.com vancouversun.com/digitallife !@COPYRIGHT=Â© 2015 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

