

HI, ROBOT

Toyota's Kirobo Mini The 10cm tall automaton, whose name is derived from the
Japanese for "hope", talks and moves like an infant, and is equipped with
artificial intelligence that learns its owner's moods over time. A camera
interprets emotions on the face of the person speaking to it before responding
in a high-pitched voice. It sits in a cradle designed to fit in a car's
cup-holder. Kirobo was developed as part of the Toyota Heart Project, which
studies interactions between humans and artificial intelligence. (EURO)343,
www.toyota.com

SOFT CELL

Daydream View virtual reality headset Google wants to make the virtual world a
bit more, well, comfortable. The firm says its Daydream View is 30% lighter than
other VR headsets and is made from a soft, breathable fabric, which contrasts
with the hard plastics of rival sets. The device will work with
Daydream-compatible smartphones and its sub-(EURO)70 price point means it sits
between the (EURO)20 Google Cardboard and the (EURO)99 Samsung Gear VR.
Available in three colours, it is capable of responding to the wearer's head
movements and comes with a Nintendo Wii-style motion controller. (EURO)69,
www.madeby.google.com

AER FLINGUS

Aer foam dart Dutch Kickstarter project Aer allows you to create stylish aerial
shots using your GoPro action camera. Users activate recording on their GoPro,
place it into a holder inside the device and slide on the foam wings. Chuck it
in the air for some selfies with a difference or throw it into inaccessible
areas for cool video footage. The project is well on its way to reaching its
(EURO)70,000 funding target, with more than three weeks left to run, and first
deliveries will start in January. The water- and crash-proof Aer is compatible
with GoPro Hero 3+, 4 and 5. (EURO)49, www.aervideo.com

PIXEL PERFECT?

Google Pixel smartphones Google has unveiled two new phones designed to take on
Apple's iPhone 7. The Pixel has a 5in, 1080p display while the Pixel XL's 5.5in
screen is quad HD. Both use the latest Snapdragon 821 processor and run a
tweaked version of the Android operating system. Google claims the
12.3-megapixel camera is the fastest on the market and is capable of recording
4K video. There's a choice of 32GB or 128GB of storage, but the XL's larger
battery makes it more suited to heavy use. (EURO)759 to (EURO)1,009, www.pixel.
google.com

MODEL TECH

Intel wearables Kim Kardashian was not the only one making headlines at Paris
fashion week. Tech giant Intel unleashed a raft of wearables on the
spring-summer runway in a bid to wow assembled fashionistas. Teaming up with
British designer Hussein Chalayan, it unveiled a pair of smart glasses and a
3D-printed belt with a built-in projector. Both devices are designed to measure
the stress levels of the wearer. For example, the glasses have electrodes that
sit on the wearer's temples and read brainwaves, and there's a heart-rate
monitor in the bridge of the nose. The Bluetooth-enabled belts monitored models'
breathing rates on the catwalk and projected animations that varied according to
how stressed or relaxed they were while strutting their stuff. Both devices are
powered by Intel Curie, a button-sized processor that will power future wearable
products. www.intel.com

ON ME HEAD, SON

Piggyback Driver helmet It's a well-known fact that children just love driving
their parents round the bend, but the Piggyback Driver helmet is strictly for
mums and dads with a sense of humour. The brightly coloured helmet comes with a
set of handlebars and flashing lights that respond to the child's steering
motions. Speed up and the lights blink faster - and, just in case you weren't
already feeling self-conscious in the park, there's also a temptingly large red
button that operates a horn and a turbo switch to add some "vroom" to your
parenting. Creator Party New York is looking for partners to help make its
prototype a reality.

piggybackdriver.nyc

