
DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,730,258, on
May 20, 2014, to Google Inc. (California), titled as "Anti-aliasing of straight
lines within a map image"

Inventors: Cornell; Brian (Kenmore, WA)
Assignee: Google Inc. (Mountain View, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
graphics or image rendering system, such as a map image rendering system,
receives image data from an image database in the form of vector data that
defines various image objects, such as roads, boundaries, etc., which are to be
rendered as straight lines within an image. The imaging rendering system renders
the image objects by applying an anti-aliasing technique that determines varying
pixel color values at or near the edges of each straight line to be rendered on
the image, so as to obtain a pleasing visual effect when rendering a road or
other boundary in any orientation on the image screen. The anti-aliasing
technique determines a scaling vector having values dependent on the location of
a particular pixel in the image along the normal to the straight line forming a
road and determines a pixel color value at each pixel location associated with
the road based on this scaling vector, such that the pixel color value at each
pixel in or near the line is proportional to a component of the scaling vector.
This technique produces a more gradual transition in pixel color values from a
non-road location to a road location in the image, and thus provides a
non-aliased rendering of the road regardless of the orientation or direction in
which the road is being rendered in the image."

The patent was filed on. June 30, 2011 Application no. 13/174,320

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

