

By Sameer Desai

CEO Sundar Pichai took to the stage to give Google's hardware division its time
in the spotlight, revealing the Nexus 5X and 6P smartphones, two Chromecast
streaming devices, and the Pixel C convertible tablet.

Google fired back at Apple with a pair of new smartphones, a "convertible"
tablet, a new version of Android, and other gadgetry ahead of the year-end
holiday shopping season.

The tech giant unveiled two new Nexus smartphones with enhanced features,
including fingerprint sensors and improved cameras aimed at the high end of the
market dominated by Apple and Samsung.

Nexus 5X and 6P

Google said it was partnering with LG for its 5.2-inch screen Nexus 5X, and
Huawei for its "phablet" sized 5.7-inch Nexus 6P.

Both handsets will be sold unlocked, with Google hoping to capitalise on a trend
in the US and other markets away from smartphone subsidies as part of long-term
contracts.

"We care about making sure there are affordable, high quality smartphones for
users around the world," said Sundar Pichai, the Google product chief who is
slated to head the company's largest unit under a reorganisation announced
earlier this year.

The phones, which aim to showcase the Google Android operating system, were
available for ordering in the United States, Britain, Japan and Ireland, with
more countries to be added next week, Google said as it unveiled the phones at a
San Francisco media event.

No launch dates have been announced for India, but Google has revealed prices on
the Google Play Store and interested buyers can now join a waitlist for both
devices. The Nexus 5X will start at Rs 31,900, while the Nexus 6P will start at
Rs 39,999, both presumably for their respective 16 GB variants.

Android Marshmallow

The devices will feature the new Android 6.0 operating system, known as
Marshmallow, which allows for fingerprint sensors and other features including
Android Pay.

With the Nexus-branded devices, Google is able to control much of the hardware
and software in a manner similar to Apple, which has its own operating system.

"We try to push the next generation of computing forward; to do that we build
hardware," Pichai said of Google making its own branded devices.

The new software allows for a voicecommanded Now On Tap virtual assistant to be
summoned by holding down the home screen button.

Google makes Android mobile software available free to device makers, but makes
its Nexus line to showcase capabilities of the operating system.

While Android is used on some 80 per cent of smartphones worldwide, many devices
use older versions of the software with carriers often slow to release upgrades.

Pixel C

The Pixel C is the first tablet built ground-up by Google and is seen as an
alternative to the iPad Pro unveiled this month and Microsoft's Surface.

The "C" in the name stands for "convertible" because it features an optional
keyboard that doubles as a cover and connects magnetically for laptop-computer
style use.

"We think the Pixel C tablet and keyboard experience really unlocks ways to play
and be productive across one device," Google's Andrew Bowers said while showing
off the new hardware.

Pixel C tablet will be available in time for the year-end holidays in some parts
of the world at a starting price of $499 (approx. Rs 33,000), with the keyboard
priced at $149 (approx. Rs 10,000), according to Google.

New Chromecast

Google unveiled an upgraded version of its popular Chromecast device that plugs
into television screens to stream content wirelessly from the internet, with
smartphones or tablets serving as controls.

The company also introduced Chromecast Audio, a pendant sized device designed to
plug into stereo speakers with standard 3.5 mm jacks for streaming music,
podcasts, YouTube or other audio through home sound systems.

Both new Chromecast devices keep the $35 price of the earlier version. In India,
the Chromecast is priced Rs 2,999, so the new devices could follow suit. (With
Agency Inputs)

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

