
DATELINE: Mumbai


Mumbai, Oct. 5 -- Google's product launch on Tuesday was as much a jab at Apple
Inc's iPhone as a sales pitch for its new Pixel phones, with executives from the
Mountain View internet search company taking shots at their competitor at every
turn.


 But any gains Google makes with the $649 Pixel, billed as completely designed
in-house, may come not at the expense of Apple, but phone manufacturers running
its Android software, a list topped by Samsung Electronics Co Ltd.
 "A premium Android strategy is really a strategy to take market share from
Samsung," said analyst Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research. The South Korean company
already is reeling from a highly publicised recall of its Galaxy Note 7 phones
due to battery fires.
 "Obviously Google doesn't want to explicitly compete with its own partners, but
this product is much more likely to compete with Samsung than Apple," Dawson
said.
 Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc, clearly has its sights set on the iPhone and
the luxury consumer base that it commands. "There's no unsightly camera bump,"
hardware chief Rick Osterloh said to laughter from the audience at the phone's
debut, alluding to the iPhone's raised camera, a feature lamented by some design
aficionados.
 Newly released ads for the Pixel phones land some blows on the iPhone. A
rundown of the phones' new features concludes with "3.5mm headphone jack
satisfyingly not new," a reference to Apple's decision to eliminate the port in
the iPhone 7, which riled many customers.
 Imitation is flattery
 Nevertheless, the Pixel line bears a strong resemblance to the iPhone, coming
in two sizes and a variety of sleek finishes. The Google Assistant, powered by
artificial intelligence software, is a response to Apple's Siri. And as Google
prioritizes making its own hardware under Osterloh, its emerging design
philosophy echoes Apple's.
 Hardware executive Mario Queiroz touted the company's attention to packaging, a
feature that the late Apple CEO Steve Jobs famously obsessed over. "You want the
consumer first of all to have this great experience out of the box in terms of
the design of the packaging," Queiroz, a vice president of product management at
Google, said in an interview.
 He brushed aside concerns that Google's hardware push will pit it against its
Android partners. The technology embedded in the Pixel phone is meant to propel
Android devices forward, he said. "It's not a zero sum game," Queiroz said. "We
believe that Google can and will be doing both things. Both delivering platforms
and building our own products."
 Google could find itself squaring off against two extremely deep-pocketed
rivals. Apple and Samsung are the largest smartphone handset makers and both
have major marketing programs.
 Samsung spent at least $50 million just on advertising during the Olympics in
Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, according to estimates from Kantar Media.
 Spokespeople for Apple and Samsung did not respond to requests for comment on
Google's launch.

