

Samsung's withdrawal of its fire-prone Galaxy Note7 opens up the smartphone
market to Android competitors such as Google, Sony and Motorola

More than 50,000 Australians are suddenly in the market for a new smartphone,
and companies are falling over themselves to woo them.

Samsung halted sales, then production, of its previously popular Galaxy Note7
smartphone last week, issuing a final recall for the device with a nasty
reputation for catching fire. But its exit leaves buyers weighing up whether to
accept a seven-month-old Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge in exchange for their Note7, to
invest in a different Android phone, or to switch to Apple. Android phone makers
are doing all they can to -prevent the latter eventuality, with three
top-of-the-line Google-based phones out this week in Australia and one with
innovative accessories launching last week.

Kantar Worldpanel revealed -Android phones made up six in 10 of smartphones sold
in Australia in the three months to August, jumping in popularity by more than
nine per cent. Most of those Android phones were made by Samsung, making this an
unprecedented opportunity for rival makers to make their mark.

Google is one of those companies, and launched its two self-made phones on
Thursday. Kantar Worldpanel ComTech consumer insight director Lauren Guenveur
says -Google is likely to see more new -customers than Apple. "The Pixel
announcement could not have come at a better time for -Google, with Samsung
suspending production of the Note7," she says. "(Google's phones are) likely to
steal share away from other Android brands, namely Samsung and Motorola." The
Pixel ($1079) and Pixel XL ($1269) are touted as the "first phones made by
Google" and feature new software, artificial intelligence engine Google
Assistant, fingerprint scanners, 12.3-megapixel cameras with high DxOMark
scores, and a 5-inch and 5.5-inch screen, respectively. The Pixel handsets will
also be the first Google phones sold through an Australian carrier, with Telstra
offering the devices on 24-month plans.

Sony launched its new flagship smartphone, the Xperia XZ ($999), on the same
day, touting a water--resistant body, fingerprint scanner, smart -battery
charging and, notably, a 23-megapixel camera with two extra sensors to speed up
autofocus and deliver accurate colours.

Sony Mobile business development communications head John Featherstone says the
Note7 recall could shake up what has become "a very polarised" market. "Given
some of the challenges other companies have had, the Xperia XZ is a viable
altern-ative," he says. "It's got all the specs, it's still going to be best in
class when it comes to cameras, it will be best in class around battery design,
and it's got other elements like high-res audio and remote gaming." Motorola is
weighing in too with its first high-end flagship in some time. The $999 Moto Z
boasts a 5.5-inch display, 64GB storage, 13-megapixel camera, super-slim design,
and a fingerprint scanner. But its most -innovative additions are its Mods, or
magnetised accessories, that add a speaker, projector, extra battery, or even a
Hasselblad camera onto its rear panel.Motorola Mobility Australia general
manager Danny Adamopolous says the new flagship is designed to take on the big
guys once more. "We want to take advantage of the -situation and surf the wave,"
he says.

