

Reuters

SAN FRANCISCO

Alphabet's Google on Tuesday announced a new "Pixel" smartphone and a suite of
new consumer electronic products for the home, planting itself firmly in the
hardware business and challenging Apple's iPhone at the high end of the
$400-billion (Bt13.9 trillion) global smartphone market.

The string of announcements, including the $649 Pixel, a smart speaker for the
living room dubbed "Home", a virtual reality headset, and a new WiFi router, is
the clearest sign yet that Google intends to compete head-to-head with Apple,
Amazon.com and even manufacturers of phones using its own Android mobile
operating system.

Taking another page from the Apple playbook, Google said it would work
exclusively with a single carrier in the United States, Verizon Communications,
on the Pixel, emulating Apple's agreement to launch the original iPhone with
AT&T.

That deal gave Apple unprecedented control over the look of the phone and how it
worked.

The phone comes in two sizes, and its high-end camera is one of few
distinguishing features, analysts said. The phones come in black, blue and
silver and will be able to get up to a seven-hour charge in 15 minutes.
Pre-orders began on Tuesday.

While the new phones are clearly aimed at competing with the iPhone, Google
executives took several swipes at Apple in the iron-stage remarks, analysts said
Android rivals like Samsung Electronics could be the biggest victim if the Pixel
takes off.

Google's strategy of licensing Android for free and profiting from embedded
services such as search and maps made Android the dominant mobile operating
system with some 89 per cent of the global market, according to IDC.

But Apple still rules the high end of the market, and Google has long been
frustrated by the emergence of many variations of Android and the inconsistent
experience that has produced. Pushing its own hardware will likely complicate
its relationship with Android licensees, analysts said.

Google kicked off the event on Tuesday by touting the Google Assistant, the
company's voice-activated artificial intelligence system and its answer to
Apple's Siri and Amazon's Alexa. The presenter showed how a customer could make
a restaurant reservation with a few phrases spoken into the phone.

The assistant will be embedded into the Pixel and Home products and is being
positioned as the central feature in a family of integrated hardware and
software products.

It is one of a handful of similar assistants that are vying for supremacy as
more people search the web and make purchases online using voice commands, which
may eventually supplant keyboards and touchscreens as the primary means of
controlling digital devices.

While Google is often cited as the leader in artificial intelligence, Amazon
stole a march on the company with its Alexa-powered Echo home speaker system, a
surprise hit. The Home device and the Echo have many of the same features.

Google's "Daydream View" virtual reality headset, meanwhile, puts the company in
competition with Facebook owner of Oculus. The device, which works with an
Android phone, is far cheaper and simpler. It will be available in November for
$79, in time for the end-of-year shopping season.

Home will also be available in November for $129, including a six-month trial of
ad-free YouTube.

Google also unveiled a new version of its Chromecast digital media player and a
router dubbed Google WiFi, both boasting the same sleek, minimalist design as
the Home product.

