

Tech Review

From wire reports

Ready for the battle of the phones? This year's crop of high-end smartphones is
starting to emerge, like bear cubs crawling out of their burrows, sniffing the
spring air. First out is the HTC One, a handsome, powerful animal that should do
well this year.

The HTC One belongs to the big camp of smartphones running Google Inc.'s Android
software. Collectively, they're the big alternative to the iPhone, though no one
model outsells the iPhone. What makes the HTC One really stand out is that it's
the only phone that can match Apple Inc.'s standards of feel and finish.

Much like the iPhone, the HTC One has a beautifully machined aluminum back and
aluminum detailing on the front. Also like the iPhone, the metal edges are
beveled, or "chamfered" as the industrial designers call it. Plastic and metal
are joined together so well that you can't tell by feel where one ends and the
other starts.

While the HTC One clearly borrows some elements of the iPhone 5's style, it's
hard to mistake the HTC One for the iPhone. For starters, it is half an inch
taller and broader, with a huge screen. It's also noticeably thicker at its
maximum, but that's cunningly concealed by a bulging back and narrow edges.
Bigger screens are one way Android phones take on the iPhone, and that
inevitably leads to bigger phones, but the HTC One carries its bulk very well.

The screen is quite a sight, boasting a resolution of 1920 by 1080 pixels -- as
many as you'd find on a 50-inch TV set. You'd have to line up three iPhone 5s,
side by side, to show as much detail as you can on one HTC One screen. That
doesn't mean the screen is three times as useful. These pixels are just so small
that the eye can't take advantage of the full resolution.

Above and below the screens are two speaker grilles. That means that when you
turn the phone sideways to watch a movie, you'll get real stereo sound, without
headphones. The speakers are great, too, pumping out surprisingly deep sound.

The price you pay for a body that feels as tight and sharp as a knife fresh from
the forge is that nothing goes into or out of it. You can't change the battery,
and you can't expand the memory with cards.

The camera does something interesting, but the results are disappointing. It's
well known that boosting the megapixel count of camera sensors doesn't really do
much for the image quality, but phone and camera makers can't seem to stop using
megapixel count as a marketing tool, so the megapixels keep climbing. HTC has
finally taken a stand against this trend, with a camera sensor that has only 4
megapixels of resolution. It's a timid stand, though, as HTC doesn't actually
tell you it's a 4-megapixel sensor.

Rather, HTC calls it an "Ultrapixel" camera. The story is that the sensor pixels
are twice as big as they are in most phone cameras, which means they can gather
more light. More light per pixel means better pictures in indoor lighting, at
least in theory. In practice, I found the images to be better than those of
other Android phones in low lighting, but not as good as those from the iPhone
5.

Google releases laptop

Google has come out with a high-end laptop running its Chrome OS operating
system. The Chromebook Pixel has a high-resolution screen comparable to Apple's
MacBook Pro with Retina display. Here's how the two laptops stack up:

Price: The basic, Wi-Fi model of the Chromebook Pixel costs $1,299. One that can
also access the LTE cellular network goes for $1,449. The comparable, 13-inch
MacBook Pro with high-resolution display starts at $1,499. There's no MacBook
Pro with LTE.

Internet access: Both devices have built-in Wi-Fi.

Storage: The basic model of the Pixel has 32 gigabytes of solid-state storage,
and the LTE model has 64 gigabytes. Internal storage is not expandable. The
MacBook Pro starts at 128 gigabytes. Both Pixel models come with 1 terabyte of
online storage through Google Drive for three years.

Display: The Pixel has a touch-screen display that measures 12.85 inches
diagonally and has a resolution of 239 pixels per inch. The basic MacBook Pro
has a 13.3-inch screen at 227 pixels per inch. A 15.4-inch MacBook, at 220
pixels per inch, is also available for several hundred dollars more.

Weight: The basic Pixel weighs 3.35 pounds, compared with the lightest MacBook
Pro at 3.57 pounds.

Processor: The Pixel has a 1.8 gigahertz Intel i5 processor and comes with 4 GB
of working memory. The cheapest high-resolution MacBook Pro has a 2.5 gigahertz
i5 processor and comes with 8 GB of working memory. Both have Intel HD Graphics
4000 cards.

Battery life: The Pixel promises five hours of active use, while the MacBook
promises seven hours.

