

Google has revealed two new phones that will offer an alternative to Apple's
popular iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

The search giant has been producing its own Android-based phones for the last
few years under the "Nexus" brand - but no more.

Google has ditched the Nexus brand in favour of the Pixel moniker. In the past,
the company has used the Pixel name on its premium tablet and laptop products.

Google Duo video-calling app for Android and iOS takes aim at FaceTime and Skype

The new Pixel is, in Google's words, "the first phone built by Google inside and
out."

Just like Apple, Google controlled both the hardware and the software - in this
case - Android version 7.

Google Pixel launch LIVE: Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and Daydream VR
expected at October 4 event

Google has said that pre-orders for the phone will begin today (October 4) in
the US, UK, Australia, Germany and Canada.

The phone will physically be available on October 20.

iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone

The white Pixel bears a striking resemblance to the iPhone 6 although it has the
rear-mounted fingerprint scanner popular with other Android handsets.

Both the smaller Pixel and the larger Pixel XL will make the jump to the USB-C
charging port and both will have 4GB of RAM and the same 12MP camera on the back
(8MP on the front). There will be a choice of either 32GB or 128GB of internal
storage.

And - of course - Google has kept the 3.5mm headphone jack in place, unlike
Apple which ditched it.

What makes phone batteries explode? And what to do if YOU bought Samsung's
Galaxy Note 7

Both the Pixel and the XL have a similar design to last year's well-received
Nexus 6P albeit with a thinner bezel that means a near edge-to-edge display.

Buying directly from Google or Carphone Warehouse means you can pick up the
phones SIM free and unlocked for the one-off price of £599 for the 5-inch Pixel
and £719 for the 5.5-inch Pixel XL.

That puts them in exactly the same kind of territory as Apple's iPhone models.

It looks like EE is the only network in the UK that will stock the phone on
contract, and we'll update this as soon as we know for certain.

iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7: Which smartphone is best when Apple and Samsung go
toe-to-toe?

The Pixel XL will have a 5.5in 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core
Qualcomm processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C, rear-facing fingerprint reader,
12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one.

It will also have a beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with
the option to upgrade to a 128GB if needed.

Android 7.0 Nougat: All the features of Google's new mobile operating system and
how to download it onto your smartphone

Google will be offering unlimited amounts of photo storage through its Google
Photos app.

And the latest version of Android (Nougat) is preinstalled - it comes Google's
AI-powered assistant Allo and the FaceTime-style app Duo.

It also revealed new Live Cases - basically covers for the phone that match with
live wallpapers you can install.

If you don't like the idea of an iPhone 7 there's a lot to suggest Google's
phones will offer a decent alternative. These phones will be developed to
Google's spec so should have the best integration with Android on the market.

What's more, they're going to be entirely free of the third-party bloatware
commonly loaded onto Android phones by other manufacturers.

