

The Android running notebooks are expected to be launched by end of this year.

Thursday, April 04, 2013: After recently entering the hardware segment with its
Chrome OS running Chromebook Pixel touchscreen laptop, Google is reportedly
working on an Android-based notebook, dubbed as Androidbook.

According to Digitimes (http://www.digitimes.com/news/a20130328PD205.html), the
search-engine giant is eyeing the highly successful mobile and tablet platform
and planning to incorporate the same on notebooks/laptops as well. The report
does not talk about hardware specs of the device in particular, but it is
assumed that Google will be looking to adopt Chromebook-like features on the
Androidbook as well.

The chances of Androidbook becoming a reality gained further strength, when the
search-engine giant put Sundar Pichai, head of Chrome to head the Android
division as well. Pichai's know-how will enable Google to accelerate its
penetration in the PC/laptop segment with its Chromebooks and rumoured
Androidbooks.

Chromebooks may have been around for more than three years but in terms of
penetration, the Chrome-OS running device is only available in selected
countries. "The notebooks will run a version of Android that is more suited for
more intense activities and brings productivity suites that befit a PC. Google's
Android-based notebooks (or Androidbooks, as the report calls it) may show up in
stores at the end of the third quarter or early in the fourth quarter."

Earlier this year, Google had launched its Chromebook Pixel laptop, which has
been designed by Google, making it the first high-end Chrome laptop in the
world.

Chromebook Pixel sports a 30.4-cm (12.9-inch) touch display with a resolution of
2560x1700p. The device runs on Chrome OS and is powered by an Intel Core i5
processor, coupled with 4 GB RAM and five hours of battery. Options like USB 2.0
ports, Mini DisplayPort, 3.5mm headset jack, SD card slot, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 3.0,
and HD webcam are all fitted. The Pixel is selling for $1,299.

