

Google has built intense speculation for its Oct. 4 event in San Francisco,
where it's expected to reveal new phones that will power a new virtual-reality
platform, and possibly, other smart-home devices.

Google has been teasing the event as one for the history books. A tweet Monday
from Hiroshi Lockheimer, the company's senior vice president of Android, Chrome
OS and Google Play, turned up the volume.

"We announced the 1st version of Android 8 years ago today," Lockheimer wrote in
the tweet that has been retweeted more than 2,200 times. "I have a feeling 8
years from now we'll be talking about Oct 4, 2016."

In the days since Google sent out the invitations to the media, the company has
set up a website, https://madeby.google.com/, and put up large billboards in New
York and other cities in the U.S. featuring the silhouette of a phone centered
around the hashtag, #madebyGoogle.

What does this all point to? A likely candidate: new phones from manufacturer
HTC, taking on the Pixel brand the company used with its Chromebook and tablet
efforts. Rumors and leaks point to devices with large displays - 5 inches for
the Pixel and 5.5 inches for the larger Pixel XL, fast processors, improved
cameras and sleek aluminum and glass designs. Both phones are expected to have
headphone jacks, according to the website Android Police. A Google spokesperson
declined to comment.

Mobile is the path Google is taking as it preps its new virtual-reality platform
called Daydream,  a big move up from the Google Cardboard-based VR experience
that helped consumers experience early VR at a low cost.

Another area of major interest: Google Home, the Amazon Echo rival
smart-speaker. Whereas phones may be the emphasis for getting to users wherever
they go, Home is the target for keeping them connected to Google when they are
at home.

Rumors  also point to an updated Google Chromecast, an updated Wi-Fi router and
potentially even a new Android tablet made by Huawei.

Even so, analysts say none of these innovations would back up Lockheimer's bold
statement - at least not right away.

"There is nothing Google can have that will initially be seen as significant as
the launch of Android does in hindsight," says Jan Dawson, chief analyst at
Jackdaw Research, noting that at its launch it wasn't clear Android would become
as important as it has.

"I think it's inevitably going to seem disappointing."

