

A quick first impression of the phone that Google currently deems its greatest

It's not often that Google outs their very own smartphone. And by very own,
we're talking about one that bears their own stamp of approval, a device that
they ascribe to embodying the current state of the art. Today, this phone is the
Google Pixel.

Unveiled to much fanfare during their October 4, 'Made By Google' event, this
phone marks a way point in Google's smartphones strategy. While they have in the
past had their formidable Nexus line that came to be known as the company's
interpretation of an ideal Android smartphone, the Pixel takes this up several
notches.

With this phone, the company has-for the first time-controlled the entire chain
of events that go into the creation of a device. Google has brushed a line that
has until now been stoically defined by their rival Apple-a line that links both
the device hardware and the operating software; the two elements that embody a
phone's experience.

Diving in

The box itself is quite understated-a bookcase design comprising an outer shell
from which an inside compartment slides out. Opening this reveals the phone,
which at first glance is larger than your average 5.5-inch device owing to the
noticeable space above and beneath the screen. It's comfortably narrow width
does make it easy to hold though. The matt metal finish (specifically called
'Very Silver,) the chamfers, and especially the glass that envelopes the camera
module and fingerprint sensor at the back all exhibit pristine build quality.

Getting the phone up and running is quick-a few screens after first power on and
you are prompted to connect the Pixel phone to your earlier device. That done,
all data gets copied over seamlessly-it took me under two minutes to move about
2.2GB of local data from my existing device.

Once set up, I dived right into its key feature-to start, Google Assistant.
Long-pressing the on-screen home button brings up Google's all-new AI assistant.
Off the bat, I didn't perceive any big difference compared to the earlier Google
Now but it did appear a lot quicker, with information and search results showing
up on screen in neatly laid out tiles. Searching for 'the nearest ice cream
shop' and 'upcoming flights to Goa' worked quite well.

I also fired off several shots on its all-new 12.3 MP main camera, and the
results looked stellar. Besides shooting a couple of landscapes and still life
shots, the 'Lens blur' feature worked to especially great effect. Of course, I
couldn't help but compare it with the shots I've been taking with the new iPhone
7 Plus. However with these cameras being as hugely capable as they are, I was
hard pressed to pick a clear winner in such a short time. More will be revealed
when I put it through a wider variety of lighting and photography situations.

Android Nougat, which powers this new phone, appeared lag-free even after firing
up several apps and tossing in a few-albeit brief-bouts of gaming with the likes
of Machinarium and Asphalt 8-clearly its fast Snapdragon 821 processor and 4GB
of RAM held it in good stead here.

There's more to be revealed in this phone as we dig deeper and stack it up
against its formidable Apple counterpart.

specifications

Screen: 5.5-inches AMOLED, QHD (2560x1440) resolution (~534 ppi), Gorilla Glass
4

Key hardware: Quad-core 2.15/1.6GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 821, Adreno 530 GPU, 4GB
RAM, only 32/128GB internal storage

Camera: 12.3MP rear with PDAF, laser AF, EIS, 1.55 um pixels, f/2.0, 8MP front
f/2.4

OS: Android 7.1 Nougat

Price: Rs57,000 (32GB)

