

Google launched a direct attack on Apple yesterday by unveiling its first
own-brand smartphone, which is similar to the iPhone but offers seven hours of
battery power from a 15-minute charge.

The company said that the cameras on its Pixel phone would be the highestrated
of any on the market and highlighted the headphone jack, a feature
controversially left off Apple's latest model. It also announced Google Home -a
new voice-activated smart home system that will let people play music, turn up
the heating or order an Uber car without leaving the sofa - which is not yet
available in the UK.

At the launch in San Francisco, Sundar Pichai, chief executive of Google, said
the company's move into hardware was all about bringing its voice-activated
Google Assistant artificial intelligence (AI) services to customers so that
Google will be available "everywhere".

He said: "It's clear to me that we're moving from a mobile-first world to an
AI-first world. A computer will be available everywhere - people will be able to
interact with it wherever they are."

The launch demonstrates how big tech companies are competing to use hardware and
software to act as omnipresent interfaces between people and brands, whether
that involves using a phone to play a game, or asking a smart-speaker in the
living room to preheat the oven. In the process, they are harvesting terrific
volumes of data.

The new Pixel phone comes preloaded with Google Assistant, so that people can
ask their phones questions or order services by voice. It is branded as a Google
product, unlike previous Nexus phones, which were built in partnerships with
manufacturers. The phone resembles the latest iPhones and comes in 5in and 5.5in
versions, with the latest Android operating system, a 12.3 megapixel camera and
storage of up to 128GB. It is now available to order at prices from Â£599, the
same as the iPhone.

Carolina Milanesi, a technology analyst at Creative Strategies in California,
tweeted: "Pixel looks more & more the phone that will turn Android lovers into
Google lovers - Samsung will hurt the most".

Experts' initial reaction to the phones was positive but Ian Fogg, of IHS
Technology, said: "It will take years to scale a phone hardware business to have
a shot of being number one."

