

Google has recently launched the Google Nexus 7 tablet in India at a decent
price of Rs 15999. Now it is ready to add another variant of this 7- inch low
cost Android tablet in its list for India.

Asus, the manufacturer of the Google Nexus 7 tablet has launched the 32 GB
variant for India,  with 3G+Wi-Fi and Wi-Fi capabilities for India. The 3G
version of the tablet will cost Rs 21999 and the Wi-Fi variant is going to be
available at a price of Rs 18999.

The added products are not reflecting on the Google Play page (https://play.
google.com/store/devices/details?id=nexus_7_16gb&feature=microsite&hl=en) for
now, and we expect these to appear soon. But the 32 GB version have been online
stores in India for some time now. The Wi-Fi+Cellular version could be spotted
at eBay India at a price above Rs 26000 ready for shipping from within India.

Competition:

The Nexus 7 will compete with a range of low cost voice-calling 7 inch Android
tablets below Rs 10000 from Indian manufacturers. The tablet will however
compete with the Samsung 7 inch Galaxy Tab GT-P3100 of 16 GB (3G + Wi-Fi)
variant which costs about Rs 16499 and Apple's Wi-Fi only 32 GB iPad Mini which
costs about Rs 27900.

About Google Nexus 7:

The Nexus 7 is a 7-incher running on the Nvidia Tegra 3 quad-core processor
clocked at 1.3 GHz supported by a 12-core graphics processor. It has a crystal
clear HD display protected by a scratch-resistant Corning glass screen
protection with a screen resolution of 1280 by 800 pixels at 216 pixel per
inches pixel density. The tablet has the advantage of running the purest form of
the Android Jelly Bean 4.2 operating system. It has 1 GB of RAM, a 1.2 megapixel
front camera and a 4325 mAh battery. It also includes Bluetooth and NFC
functionality.

