

The low cost (in fact the cheapest) Google phone from Motorola's stable is now
here. The phone has come for sale now at a price of $179 only.

"From $179. Order now. Starts shipping on 12/2" says Google indicating an early
December date for the phone to ship. The $179 price (for the 8 GB one without
any contract requirement. This version will work on GSM networks but not with
CDMA network for now.

Google was expected to launch the phone in January but has started taking
pre-orders almost a month before the date. The Moto G comes with a 4.5-inch HD
display and is going to market a re-entry into the Indian smartphone market,
after it pulled out of India few years ago.

Moto G Review: Cheaper Nexus 5 with nippy performance, must buy for those who
want a budget phone

Moto G coming to India, what will happen to Nokia, Micromax, Samsung, Lava and
others

The Moto G is 4.5-inch display phone and will come with a Qualcomm Snapdragon
400 quad-core processor, 1 GB of RAM. This one has got a display resolution of
1280 x 720 pixels that come to a display density of 329 pixels per inch (ppi).
This display density is quite close the iPhone 5S and 5C's display that is 640 x
1136 pixels on a 4-inch display for a 326 ppi pixel density.

The phone sports a 5 megapixel shooter and 1.3 megapixel front camera. Though
this is not a great camera when compared to the 13 megapixel Indian players are
offering in budget phones, considering the low-cost of this phone, this should
be okay. The phone packs a battery of 2070 mAh that can support you for a whole
day, and runs Android 4.3.

The most attractive part of this cheap phone is its price which makes it cheaper
than the best Indian players are offering. The price $199 translates to Rs 11150
when we make a simple conversion using the exchange rate USD 1 = Rs 62.28. The
16 GB global variant has been priced at $199.

