

Amazon is the latest company to unveil new tablets, including a new 7-inch
(17.8-centimeter) Kindle Fire HDX and an updated HD model. That screen size has
gotten popular because devices are cheaper and easier to carry around. Here's
how Amazon's new tablets compare with Apple's iPad Mini and Google's Nexus 7.

Amazon.com Inc.'s Kindle Fire HDX (shipping Oct. 18, 2013):

Price: $229 with 16 gigabytes of storage, $269 with 32 GB and $309 with 64 GB.
Add $100 for versions with 4G LTE cellular capability.

Screen size: 7 inches (17.8 centimeters) diagonally

Screen resolution: 1920 x 1200 (323 pixels per inch)

Size: height: 7.3 inches (18.5 centimeters); width: 5.0 inches (12.7
centimeters); thickness: 0.35 inch (0.9 centimeter)

Weight: 10.7 ounces (303 grams) for base model, 11.0 ounces (311 grams) for
cellular version

Cameras: Front-facing camera

Battery life: 11 hours of mixed use, 17 hours when reading.

Operating system: Modified version of Google's Android

Pros: Cheap and portable. Convenient access to Amazon store. Integration with
Amazon Prime subscription benefits such as book-borrowing, videos.
High-resolution screen. "Mayday" live video support 24/7.

Cons: Third-party applications limited to what's available through Amazon store,
not broader Google Play store. No rear camera.

Amazon.com Inc.'s Kindle Fire HD, 2013 model (shipping Oct. 2, 2013):

Price: $139 with 8 gigabytes of storage, $169 with 16 GB

Screen size: 7 inches (17.8 centimeters) diagonally

Screen resolution: 1280 by 800 pixels (216 pixels per inch)

Size: height: 7.5 inches (19 centimeters); width: 5.0 inches (12.7 centimeters);
thickness: 0.42 inch (1.1 centimeter)

Weight: 12.2 ounces (345 grams)

Cameras: None

Battery life: 10 hours

Operating system: Modified version of Google's Android

Pros: Really cheap and portable. Convenient access to Amazon store. Integration
with Amazon Prime subscription benefits such as book-borrowing, videos.

Cons: Third-party applications limited to what's available through Amazon store,
not broader Google Play store. No camera or option for cellular access. Fewer
features than 2012 model, including less storage and the exclusion of
front-facing camera and microphone in new model. No "Mayday" support.

Apple Inc.'s iPad Mini (released Nov. 2, 2012):

Price: $329 with 16 gigabytes of storage, $429 with 32 GB and $529 with 64 GB.
Add $130 for versions with 4G LTE cellular capability.

Screen size: 7.9 inches (20.1 centimeters) diagonally

Screen resolution: 1024 by 768 pixels (163 pixels per inch)

Size: height 7.87 inches (20 centimeters); width: 5.3 inches (13.46
centimeters); thickness: 0.28 inch (0.7 centimeters)

Weight: 10.9 ounces (308 grams) for base model, 11 ounces (312 grams) for
cellular version

Cameras: 5-megapixel camera on back and a low-resolution camera on front, for
videoconferencing

Battery life: 10 hours

Operating system: Apple's iOS

Pros: Portable. Unmatched access to third-party applications, high-quality Apple
software and the iTunes store. Screen larger than on rival devices.

Cons: Screen resolution is among the lowest. Pricey.

Google Inc.'s Nexus 7 (released July 30, 2013):

Price: $229 with 16 gigabytes of storage, $269 with 32 GB. Add $80 for 32 GB
model with 4G LTE cellular capability.

Screen size: 7 inches (17.8 centimeters) diagonally

Screen resolution: 1920 x 1200 (323 pixels per inch)

Size: height: 7.87 inches (20 centimeters); width 4.49 inches (11.4
centimeters); thickness: 0.34 inch (0.86 centimeters).

Weight: 10.2 ounces (290 grams) for base model, 10.5 ounces (299 grams) for
cellular version

Cameras: 5 megapixel rear camera, 1.2 megapixel front-facing camera

Battery life: 9 hours

Operating system: Google's Android

Pros: Cheap and portable. Access to a variety of games, utilities and other
software for Android devices, though not as extensive as apps available for
iPad. High-resolution screen.

Cons: No major standout features compared with similar Android tablets.

