

Monday, December 21, 2015: In the future, mobile devices will be able to quickly
and realistically detect their surroundings in three dimensions (3D). When they
do, it will be thanks to the 3D image sensor chips from Infineon Technologies AG
(FSE: IFX / OTCQX: IFNNY) and pmdtechnologies gmbh. REAL3 will enable extremely
realistic virtual and augmented reality game experiences that involve the
interaction of the gamer's own hands and his living environment within the game
via head-mounted devices. Other image sensor chip applications include the
spatial measurement of rooms and objects, indoor navigation and the
implementation of special photo effects.

Infineon and pmd will be showcasing the latest 3D image sensor chip of the REAL3
family at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) 2016 in Las Vegas. Compared to the
previous version, the optical sensitivity as well as the power consumption of
the new 3D image sensors has been improved. Moreover, the built-in electronics
take up little space. The chips make it possible for cell phones to operate
mini-camera systems that can measure 3D depth data.

Using microlenses for high sensitivity

The camera's range and measurement accuracy depend on two factors: on the
intensity of the emitted and reflected infrared light, and to a significant
extent on the pixel sensitivity of the 3D image sensor chip. The optical pixel
sensitivity of the new 3D image sensor chips are now double that of the previous
version. This means that their measurement quality is just as good, while at the
same time working with only half of the emitted light output. Thus,
manufacturers of camera systems for mobile devices can not only provide the
infrared lighting more cost-effectively, but the camera's system power
consumption is almost halved.

The improved optical pixel sensitivity is the result of applying one microlens
to each of the pixels of the 3D image sensor chip. Consequently most of the
incident light is directed to a pixel's sensitive surface, so virtually no light
energy is lost to the inactive areas anymore.

Optimized form factor: half the sensor size

The 3D image sensor chips to be showcased at the CES were specifically designed
for mobile devices, where most applications only need a resolution of 38,000
pixels. The previous 100,000-pixel matrix was accordingly scaled down, and other
functional blocks, such as the analog/digital converter for the chip area and
performance range were optimized. Thus, the system costs are lower: the sensor
chip area is almost halved, and, because of the lower resolution, smaller and
less expensive optical lenses can be used.

New 3D image sensor chips with 19,000; 38,000 and 100,000 pixels

The three new REAL3 3D image sensor chips are all equipped with microlenses and
have almost the same level of optical performance and functionality. They differ
only in their resolutions: the IRS1125C works with 352 x 288 pixels, the
IRS1645C with 224 x 172 pixels and the IRS1615C with 160 x 120 pixels. In this
respect, the IRS1645C and IRS1615C are produced on half the chip area of the
IRS1125C.

Google's "Project Tango" using Infineon's IRS1645C 3D image sensor chip

The IRS1645C is particularly suitable for use in mobile devices. Infineon and
pmdtechnologies are joint partners in Google's "Project Tango". With "Tango",
cell phones and tablets are equipped with a special optical sensor system for 3D
perception, which includes a 3D camera with Infineon's IRS1645C 3D image sensor
chip. Applications are augmented reality, indoor navigation and
three-dimensional measurement. The complete 3D camera for Google "Tango" -
consisting of IRS1645C and an active infrared laser illumination - is housed in
an area of approximately 10 mm x 20 mm. With a range up to 4 meters (13 feet), a
measuring accuracy of 1 percent of the distance and a frame rate of 5 fps
(frames per second), the 3D camera subsystem consumes less than 300 mW in active
mode.

Time-of-Flight Principle (ToF)

The 3D image sensor chips operate with infrared light and use the time-of-flight
(ToF) measuring principle: For each of its pixels, the 3D image sensor chip
measures the time the infrared light takes to travel from the camera to the
object and back again. At the same time, each of the pixels also detects the
brightness value of the objects.

The IRS1125C will be available in volume as of first quarter of 2016. The start
of production for the smaller IRS1645C and IRS1615C is planned for the second
quarter of 2016. All three types are exclusively delivered as a bare die to
allow maximum design flexibility while minimizing system costs.

About the cooperation between Infineon and pmdtechnologies

Infineon co-developed the REAL3 3D image sensor chip with pmdtechnologies gmbh
from Siegen, Germany. Both companies are providing the technical support for
customers jointly. pmdtechnologies' contribution to the new chip family is the
ToF pixel matrix. Infineon contributes all functional blocks for the
system-on-chip (SoC) integration and developed the manufacturing process. The 3D
image sensor chips are produced in Infineon's Dresden plant with a CMOS process
optimized for ToF using microlens technology.

Infineon and pmdtechnologies at the CES 2016

At the Consumer Electronics Show 2016 in Las Vegas (January 6-9, 2016), Infineon
and pmd will be presenting the performance of the 3D image sensors in
demonstrations and concept designs for cell phone and head-mounted device
applications. Queries on meeting alignment at events@pmdtec.com

Further technical information on the Infineon 3D image sensor chips is available
at www.infineon.com/3d-imaging. Information about prototype cameras and the pmd
technology is available at www.pmdtec.com

