

GOOGLE'S bargain tablet to rival the iPad was revealed last night - and the
Irish Sun got a chance to try it out.

The 7in Nexus 7 will cost '200 when it launches here, compared to the
top-selling Apple device which is priced from '479.

But at this unbelievably low price, have Google cut corners? While the screen is
smaller and less detailed than the iPad, its size makes it easier to hold. The
camera won't produce award-winning snaps but it is fine for a video chat.

Previously, cheap tablets were sluggish and unresponsive - this isn't. It is
fast for web browsing, easy to set up emails and perfect for Facebook and RTE
Player.

It is also easy to read eBooks, listen to music and play games.

Content is linked to Google Play - their version of Apple's iTunes and App Store
- which stores everything in the "cloud", so you can get at it whenever you
want.

The Nexus 7 also has Jelly Bean, the latest version of Android.

So how have Google managed to do all this at a third of the price? It is mainly
because they don't need to make money from the device - they just want more
people to use their Android system.

Battle Tablets are the fastest growing market for computer devices. Google want
to catch Apple, and Microsoft are releasing their Surface gizmo too.

Patrick Goss, editor of techradar.

com, said: "It's going to be a fascinating battle. The arrival of Google's Nexus
tablet at a bargain price should shake up the market."

irishsun@the-sun.ie GOOGLE NEXUS 7 PRICE: '200 to '250 PLATFORM: Android 4.1 -
Jelly Bean SCREEN: 7in (1280 x 800 pixels) PROCESSER: 1.3 Ghz quad-core Tegra 3
CAMERA: 1.2MP TOP FEATURES: Flash player; it's compact BEST FOR: Anyone on a
budget OUT: Mid-July MICROSOFT SURFACE PRICE: '560, expected PLATFORM: Windows
SCREEN: 10.6in (1366 x 768 pixels) PROCESSOR: Quadcore CAMERA: 5MP FEATURES:
Fold out cover acts as kickstand and keyboard BEST FOR: Small businesses OUT:
October APPLE iPAD PRICE: '479 to '799 PLATFORM: iOS 5.1 SCREEN: 9.7in (2048 x
1536 pixels) PROCESSOR: 1Ghz dual-core A5X CAMERA: 5MP FEATURES: Siri voice
control, clever iCloud back-up, most apps BEST FOR: Gadget fans with big budget
OUT: Now

