

GOOGLE'S bargain tablet to rival the iPad was revealed last night - and The
Scottish Sun was given a chance to try it out.

The 7in Nexus 7 will cost £159 when it launches in the UK, compared to the
top-selling Apple device which is priced from £399.

But at this unbelievably low price, have Google cut corners? While the screen is
smaller and less detailed than the iPad, its size makes it easier to hold.

The camera won't produce award-winning snaps but it is fine for a video chat.
Previously, cheap tablets were sluggish and unresponsive - this isn't.

It is fast for web browsing, easy to set up emails and perfect for Twitter,
Facebook and iPlayer.

It is also easy to read eBooks, listen to music and play games.

Content is linked to Google Play - their version of Apple's iTunes and App Store
- which stores everything in the "cloud", so you can get at it whenever you
want.

The Nexus 7 also has Jelly Bean, the latest version of Android. So how have
Google managed to do all this at a third of the price? It is mainly because they
don't need to make money from the device - they just want more people to use
their Android system.

Tablets are the fastest growing market for computer devices. Google want to
catch Apple, and Microsoft are releasing their Surface gizmo too.

Patrick Goss, editor of techradar.

com, said: "It's going to be a fascinating battle.

"The arrival of Google's Nexus tablet at a bargain price should shake up the
market."

daniel.jones@the-sun.co.uk HOW IT COMPARES TO RIVALS MICROSOFT SURFACE PRICE:
£450, expected PLATFORM: Windows RT SCREEN: 10.6in (1366 x 768 pixels)
PROCESSOR: Quadcore CAMERA: 5MP FEATURES: Fold out cover acts as kickstand and
keyboard BEST FOR: Small businesses OUT: October GOOGLE NEXUS 7 PRICE: £159 to
£199 PLATFORM: Android 4.1 - Jelly Bean SCREEN: 7in (1280 x 800 pixels)
PROCESSER: 1.3 Ghz quad-core Tegra 3 CAMERA: 1.2MP TOP FEATURES: Flash player;
it's compact BEST FOR: Anyone on a budget OUT: Mid-July APPLE iPAD PRICE: £399
to £659 PLATFORM: iOS 5.1 SCREEN: 9.7in (2048 x 1536 pixels) PROCESSOR: 1Ghz
dual-core A5X CAMERA: 5MP FEATURES: Siri voice control, clever iCloud back-up,
most apps BEST FOR: Gadget fans with big budget OUT: Now

