

Here's the roundup of the Top 10 Stories of the week...

This week, we witnessed the launch of iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, along with Google
Pixel smartphones and other smartphones. We even came across the expected launch
date of the much awaited Lenovo Phab 2 Pro that comes with Google Tango and uses
AR and VR to sense and map surroundings.

Along with this, we also witnessed Motorola announcing a list of 15 smartphones
that get Android Nougat update, and also, interestingly, a so-called safe Galaxy
Note 7 unit caught on fire.

A lot happens in a week, and this week is no different. Like every week, this
week too, we covered a lot that happened in the tech industry. However, we
cannot compile everything in a single listicle, but we bring you 10 best stories
that we have covered this week.

Airtel Offers The iPhone 7 And iPhone 7 Plus On A 12 Month Contract

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are launching in India today. As you may already
know, the phone's starting price is Rs 60,000, whereas the top model will set
you back for Rs 92,000. Now, that's a lot of money. For those who can't pay such
a big sum upfront, Airtel has come up with a postpaid contract. Under this
scheme, will have to pay Rs 19,990 as down payment and choose one of its
Infinity billing plans for the iPhone 7 (32 GB). The minimum billing period is
12 months.

Read The Full Story Here

Lenovo Phab 2 Pro May Come Out In November

Lenovo finally seems to be all set to launch its new and much awaited
smartphone, Phab 2 Pro in November, after the company silently postponed the
release that was due in September. To refresh your brains, the Lenovo Phab 2 Pro
was announced during the Lenovo Tech World event that was held in June this
year, and the smartphone is the world's first smartphone that supports Google's
'Project Tango' and uses AR and VR to sense and map surroundings.

Read The Full Story Here

15 Motorola Smartphones Soon Get Android Nougat Update

Ever since Google launched Android 7.0 Nougat, many smartphone companies have
been listing out their smartphones compatible with the update. And, its about
time for Motorola to follow the same routine. The company, acquired by Lenovo,
has announced a list of 15 smartphone that are expected to receive the Android
7.0 Nougat update pretty soon.

Read The Full Story Here

The "Safe" Galaxy Note 7 Unit Catches Fire On A Plane

The Galaxy Note 7's battery explosion issue is turning out to be a never-ending
nightmare for Samsung. Just as the Korean company has been busy replacing the
potentially affected devices with the "safe" ones, a Note 7 from the fresh batch
has burst into flames in the US. The incident took place in the Southwest
Airlines flight 994, where a Note 7 began emitting smoke in passenger Brian
Green's trouser pocket. According to him, he dropped the handset on the plane's
floor immediately.

Read The Full Story Here

WhatsApp Allows You To Draw, Write, And Edit On Pictures While Sharing

WhatsApp has recently introduced new camera features on its instant messaging
app on Android platform. However, for iOS devices, the company has announced
that the roll out may start soon. Under the new update, Android users can write
and draw on photos and videos captured on the WhatsApp camera. Also, users can
add in different emojis and make the captured pictures and videos more
interesting than every before.

Read The Full Story Here

Android 7.1 Nougat Developer Preview To Be Out Soon

We have already witnessed that Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones by Google run on
the all new Android 7.1 Nougat operating system, at the recently held
'MadeByGoogle' event. However, Google did not give any details regarding the
roll out of Android 7.1 Nougat to other smartphones. But, it seems, now the
Search Engine giant has confirmed that a developer preview of Android 7.1 Nougat
would be available for Nexus devices and Pixel C.

Read The Full Story Here

Google Pixel Event: Complete Coverage

At its event in San Francisco, Google unveiled interesting hardware. For the
first time, the search-giant introduced phones and other products completely
designed by the in-house teams. Till now, most of its gadgets were made in
collaboration with its hardware partners including Samsung, LG, Huawei, and Asus
to name a few.

Read The Full Story Here

Google Maps Integrates With Calendar To Show Your Events On Map

Google has recently announced a new update for Google Maps for Android app and
the update brings interconnection between Maps and Calendar. Basically, the
update adds a new Upcoming Tab in the Maps app that gives all information
regarding where the user has to go in order to attend the upcoming events.
Adding further on the update features, you can find the new tab inside the Menu,
in 'Your Places' section and the app will show all events that have been fed
inside the Google Calendar app, either manually or via the email.

Read The Full Story Here

Nokia D1C Android Based Handset Renditions Leaked

For those waiting for Nokia's return to the smartphone making business, need not
wait too much longer. Among the recent renditions leaked on Geekbuzz, the
mid-range handset, current called D1C, has been leaked with specifications and
pictures. Amongst some of the common features in the handset, would be Qualcomm
octa-core processor powering the handset clocked at 1.4GHz with Adreno 505 GPU
and 3GB of RAM.

Read The Full Story Here

Moto Z And Moto Z Play Now Available In India

After all the recent reports surfacing online, Lenovo has finally launched two
models in its Moto Z range (Moto Z and Moto Z Play) in India, with price
starting from INR 24,999. Speaking about the technical specifications, the Moto
Z comes with a 5.5 inch Quad HD AMOLED display while being powered by a Qualcomm
Snapdragon 820 processor coupled with 4 GB of RAM and 64 GB of internal storage.
On the camera front, the smartphone comes with a 13 MP f1.8 rear camera and a 5
MP front facing camera. Along with this, the smartphone gets a fingerprint
sensor and a 2,600 mAh battery.

