

Wildlife, binocs play a role

Journalist Rituparna Sengupta recently shared this news about plans by Ricoh
India and WWF-India to bring "nature closer to wildlife enthusiasts" by sharing
their Pentax Papilio 8.521 WF binoculars.

Tokyo-headquartered Ricoh India says it wants to "enhance wildlife viewing in
finest detail without disturbing its natural habitat", and so is launching an
exclusive edition of co-branded Pentax Papilio 8.521 WF binoculars.



These binoculars come equipped with fully multi-coated optics and aspherical
lenses for edge-to-edge clarity and sharpness, a unibody design and extreme
close focusing capability. This all makes it ideal for nature trails, wildlife
viewing and travel, as they are equipped with close focus of just 50cm.

"It is a first of its kind endeavor by an imaging company in India to support
biodiversity conservation," says the promo. This joint endeavour is an extension
of Project Nature Watch, an ongoing CSR collaboration between the two
organizations.

The RICOH MP Pentax Papilio 8.521 WF comes at a MRP of Rs. 10,555 and is
available on: WWF-India web store:
http://shop.wwfindia.org/binoculars-papilio-ii-8-521-wf-from-ricoh-pentax.html
and Ricoh sellers networks

http://www.wwfindia.org

Google Pixel: Camera, Assistant and more

The first phone developed by Google, which has decided to let go of the Nexus
line and third party manufacturers. Socialmaharaja.com highlights that Google's
powerful Assistant comes built-in, and praises the Allo app.

Google Pixel is also VR and Day dream ready. It might also have the "best-ever
camera". Google also provides unlimited cloud storage for pictures and videos in
full resolution. Besides, the chance of fast charge (get an extra power for
seven hours with a 15 minute charge). The price in India? Rs 50-55k.

http://bit.ly/GooglePixel22

Chromebooks, laptops

What to buy? Chromebook or budget laptop? That's a regular dilemma for anyone
wanting access to computing on the move.

Check out this article titled Why a Chromebook isn't the same thing as a budget
laptop on cnet.com. It goes on to add: They may look the same, but a laptop and
a Chromebook are more different than you might expect.

In short the differences are: the operating system (Chromebook runs on the
Google Chrome OS), the apps it runs and the way it runs apps, how much it costs
(Chromebooks start at $200 equivalent), build quality, how much storage it
supplies (a speedy SSD but not lots of room), how it handles your printer
(you'll have to route print jobs over Google Cloud Print).

Incidentally, as far as Google Chrome - the web browser developed by Google goes
- it is now reached Chrome 54. Google Chrome is also the main component of
Chrome OS, where it serves a platform for running web apps.

As of September 2016, StatCounter estimates that Google Chrome has a 62%
worldwide usage share of web browsers as a desktop browser, Wikipedia informs.

http://bit.ly/chromebook22

New brands

New mobile brand phones in India: Zenfone 3 Laser from ASUS. Huawei's Honor 8,
Honor 8 Smart and Honor Holly 3.

The ASUS ZenFone first came in 2014 (first generation) and it features the Intel
Atom processors on Android. It also features the Asus Zen UI which is a user
interface from Asus. The Honor 8 is a flagship smartphone of Huawei's smartphone
brand Honor. It has an eight-core HiSilicon Kirin 950 processor, a Mali-T880 MP4
GPU, and a 3000mAh (typical) battery. Its 'Smart' version comes with an
aluminium alloy frame and more (Rs 19,999). Holly 3 is to be the first Huawei
smartphone under a 'make in India' branding, Rs 9,999.

Cellular signals-based navigation for driverless cars soon

A team of US researchers has developed a reliable and accurate navigation system
that exploits existing environmental signals such as cellular and Wi-Fi rather
than the Global Positioning System (GPS). The technology can be used as a
stand-alone alternative to GPS or complement current GPS-based systems to enable
highly reliable, consistent and tamper-proof navigation.

The technology could also be used to develop navigation systems that meet the
stringent requirements of fully autonomous vehicles, such as driverless cars and
unmanned drones, said the team from University of California, Riverside.  "Our
goal is to get autonomous vehicles operate with no human-in-the loop for
prolonged periods of time, performing missions such as search, rescue,
surveillance, mapping, farming, firefighting, package delivery and
transportation," said Zak Kassas, assistant professor of electrical and computer
engineering, reports IANS.

