

It is not a coincidence that when you have been googling south-east Asia, your
Facebook page is inundated with ads for holidays in Thailand.

Neither is it a sign from the retail gods that you need to buy the pair of shoes
that you've browsed once, when its image keeps popping up on your social media
accounts.

It's not that you've been cyberstalked, but the practice of retargeting - using
your internet browsing habits to track your preferences - is widely used by
companies to send you advertisements of products and services you've googled.

Rohan Isaacs, director at Norton Rose Fulbright said it was all done through the
use of cookies (a small piece of data sent from a website and stored in your web
browser) and tracking pixels (the basic unit of programmable colour on a
computer display).

"Pixels embedded within an advertising slot on a web page can access cookies
previously dropped on to your computer by the advertiser. These cookies give the
advertiser information about previous searches and browsing habits, enabling the
advertiser to target your preferences."

Isaacs said whether this was an invasion of privacy depended on one's point of
view.

"Services which obtain this information about you would argue that you have
consented to it. You aren't forced to use the service after all. Their privacy
policies invariably explain what they do, at least in general terms," he said.

Nathan Desfontaines, cyber security manager at KPMG agrees. "Privacy policies
are loosely explained. Websites tell us that they are using cookies and give us
an option to opt out by disabling cookies. But doing so means some features of a
website may not work."

Desfontaines also agrees that retargeting is not illegal. "But the problem is
that we are not given an option to decide if we want to opt in."

And for that reason, he said, this practice tested ethical borders and had the
potential to embarrass users.

"If a woman thinks she is pregnant, for example, and googles contraceptives or
abortion and then moves away from her desk. Then when these adverts pop up on
her screen everyone can see what she has been browsing," Desfontaines said.

"By using Google to browse the net you have automatically opted to be tracked if
you already use other Google unpaid services such as Gmail, Google Maps and
Google Drive."

"To access many of these services you need to log into a Google account. And as
long as you're logged in, Google knows exactly who you are and mines everything
you are doing within the Google environment for information about you," Isaacs
said.

"They use this information to monetise their services by selling advertisers the
abili-â[#x20ac]¨ty to target you through pixels and cookies... if the product is
free, you're the product."

Both Isaacs and Desfontaines agree retargeting is far from illegal because we
typically grant websites permission to track us and browsing habits on their own
don't generally constitute personal information.

But, if you don't want to be tracked, you can turn cookies off on your browser
setting or switch browsers.

