

Nexus 5X smartphone comes with 5.2-inch full-HD (1080x1920 pixel) display with
Corning Gorilla Glass 3 while Nexus 6P smartphone comes with full-metal, built
out of aluminium, 5.7-inch QHD (1440x2560 pixel) display with Corning Gorilla
Glass 4

Google unveiled the Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P smartphones on Tuesday in partnership
with LG and Huawei. And also the new Pixel C tablet was announced and new
Chromecast products, like the second-gen Chromecast dongle, Chromecast audio,
and the Chromecast app as well.

LG Nexus 5X smartphone: -

Nexus 5X smartphone comes with 5.2-inch full-HD (1080x1920 pixel) display with
Corning Gorilla Glass 3. It runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow OS, powered by a
1.8GHz hexa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 SoC processor with 2GB LPDDR3 RAM.

Nexus 5X smartphone also has a 12.3-megapixel rear camera with 4K and
slow-motion (120fps) video recording, apart from an f/2.0 aperture, a
5-megapixel front camera with HDR+ and a f/2.0 aperture.

It will be available in 16GB inbuilt storage capacity and 32GB as well, which
cannot be expandable through microSD card.

For connectivity options smartphone has Nexus Imprint fingerprint sensor, and
USB Type-C ports, Google's Project Fi, the company's MVNO service. The
fingerprint sensor is claimed to recognise a print in less than 600
milliseconds, Android Sensor Hub. The hub will also power features such as
glance notifications, shown when the user picks up the phone and 2700mAh
battery, with Quick Charge support providing up to 3.8 hours of charge in 10
minutes.

Nexus 5X smartphone will be available in Carbon Black, Quartz White, and Ice
Blue color varaiants.

Huawei Nexus 6P smartphone: -

Nexus 6P smartphone comes with full-metal, built out of aluminium, 5.7-inch QHD
(1440x2560 pixel) display with Corning Gorilla Glass 4. It runs on Android 6.0
Marshmallow OS, powered by a 2GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 v2.1 SoC
processor with 3GB LPDD4 RAM.

Nexus 6P smartphone also has a 12.3-megapixel rear camera with 4K and
slow-motion (240fps) video recording, apart from an f/2.0 aperture, a
8-megapixel front camera with HDR+ and a f/2.4 aperture.

It will be available in 16GB inbuilt storage capacity, 32GB, 64GB and 128GB as
well, which cannot be expandable through microSD card.

Nexus 6P smartphone also has dual front-ported speakers.

For connectivity options smartphone has Nexus Imprint fingerprint sensor, and
USB Type-C ports, Google's Project Fi, the company's MVNO service. The
fingerprint sensor is claimed to recognise a print in less than 600
milliseconds, Android Sensor Hub. The hub will also power features such as
glance notifications, shown when the user picks up the phone and 3450mAh battery
with Quick Charge support providing up to 7 hours of charge in 10 minutes.

Nexus 6P smartphone will be available in Frost White, Aluminium, and Graphite
color varaiants.

Both the smartphone will be available via the Google Store, with the Nexus 5X
priced starting from $379 for the 16GB model, and the Nexus 6P priced starting
from $499 for the 32GB model. Both devices will available on pre-order in
Germany, Ireland, Japan, the UK, and the US from the last Tuesday.

As per the Google online store, the Nexus 5X price in India will start at Rs.
31,900 (for 16GB inbuilt storage variant), while the 32GB inbuilt variant will
be priced at Rs. 35,900.

Nexus 6P price in India will start at Rs. 39,999 (for 32GB inbuil storage
variant), while the 64GB Nexus 6P is priced at Rs. 42,999.

But there's no word yet on the availability of the smartphones in India.

Both the smartphones will ship with a 90-day free subscription to Google Play
Music All Access, and get $50 of Google Play Credit. The new Nexus smartphones
also come with an extended warranty scheme that's valid for 2 years and covers
mechanical breakdown apart from accidental damage. It is priced at $69 and $89
for the Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P respectively.

