

Last June, Facebook released a tracking pixel, a snippet of code that allows
advertisers to track customers who come to their websites from Facebook ads. For
Amy Norman, co-chief executive officer of Little Passports, the pixel was a
game-changer.

Ms. Norman, whose San Francisco company sends children a monthly package to
introduce them to geography and history, began testing ads on Facebook to see
which ones brought in more customers. In June, Little Passports spent about
$30,000 on Facebook ads and the company's revenue for the month was about
$130,000. By the end of the year, the company's monthly advertising spending on
Facebook had grown to as much as $150,000 and its revenue for December was
$700,000.

Ms. Norman acknowledged that $150,000 was a huge amount of money to spend on
advertising in a month for a company with annual revenue of just under $2
million, but she said ''we also tripled our customer base in six months.''

The tracking pixel is one of several changes Facebook has made to its
advertising tools in recent months. Advertisers can now specify objectives like
increasing traffic to a website, encouraging more ''likes'' or converting more
sales. They can choose whether their ads appear in Facebook's ''news feed'' or
in a column on the far right of its pages. And they can target demographics they
want to reach more precisely.

Facebook acknowledges it made the changes, at least in part, because while it
has more than 25 million small businesses active on its site, only a million or
so advertise there. By contrast, Google's AdWords program, which shows users ads
related to specific searches they have entered, has become a small-business
staple -- although some small businesses say they have been priced out of the
market.

Jeff Gibbard, president of True Voice Media, an agency in Philadelphia that
devises social media strategies for small and medium-size businesses, said
Facebook was ''clearly trying to position this as an alternative to Google
AdWords, but the difference is that activity on Facebook is very passive.''

''You're being shown ads based on things you put in your profile potentially
years ago,'' he said. ''You aren't actively looking for a product or service.''

CHOOSING AN OBJECTIVE For any business, of course, the objective is to sell
something. Facebook now offers different routes to that objective.

Josh Brown, who owns Far North Kennel in Anchorage with his wife, Theresa
Sheldon, focuses on likes, and Far North now has more than 64,000. ''Most of my
likes are from women that love dogs,'' said Mr. Brown, whose kennel breeds
German shepherd puppies and had revenue of close to $100,000 in 2013. ''When
their friends start thinking about getting a dog, these women say, 'Have you
seen this Facebook page?' That's what drives sales.''

In addition to sales, Mario Brown, owner of Royal Internet Marketing and
co-owner of MobileBizBox, both online marketing companies based in Oceanside,
Calif., focuses on lead generation. When users click on an ad, Mr. Brown said,
they should be sent to a lead-capture page first and then on to the company's
website.

''Get their name and email,'' he said. ''If you capture their information, you
can follow up even if they don't purchase anything this time.''

NEWS FEED OR RIGHT COLUMN? Facebook users spend most of their time in the site's
news feed. That is where you will find promoted posts, ads that look like other
posts, but are labeled ''sponsored.'' Mr. Gibbard of True Voice Media said that
people generally recognized that these posts were ads, but clicked on them
anyway. ''They are in the same stream as other content, so the ads feel more
native,'' he said.

Little Passports has been running an ad for several months that features a photo
of the company's Explorer Kit, with text that encourages readers to subscribe.
Ms. Norman said the ad had attracted more than 1,500 user-generated comments --
comments, she said, that were overwhelmingly positive and lent credibility to an
emerging brand.

The ads that run on the right side of a Facebook page are more recognizable as
paid advertisements. Their click-through rates are generally lower than those
for ads in the news feed, and they are not even shown to mobile users. Mr.
Gibbard calls them ''completely useless.''

But some businesses say the ads can be effective. Paola Bottero, chef and owner
of Paola's, an Italian restaurant on Manhattan's Upper East Side with annual
revenue of more than $5 million, used right-column ads to increase her lunch
business. Ms. Bottero created ads with photos of a summer salad and the outdoor
terrace dining area, and text like ''Paola's Patio now open!'' She targeted
people over 35 living in 10 ZIP codes around Paola's.

Over four weeks, Ms. Bottero spent just $250 to run the ads in the right column
of the targeted Facebook pages, according to Wendy Weinstein Karp of W2K
Consulting in Larchmont, N.Y., which handles marketing for Paola's. Ms. Karp
said the ads reached more than 12,000 people, with 482 visiting the restaurant's
Facebook page through the link. ''That's a 3.966 percent click-through rate,''
she said. ''In digital advertising, the average is closer to 1 percent.''

For a physical business like a restaurant, it can be difficult to determine how
many Facebook visitors actually become customers. But Ms. Bottero said she could
tell when the restaurant, which has 80 seats, was busier than usual. Right after
the campaign, she said, she saw an increase in lunch customers, and many said
they had seen the ad on Facebook.

Josh Brown of Far North Kennel ran an ad with a photo of puppies that asked,
''Do you love puppies?'' He ran it in both the news feed and the right column,
but found the right column more effective.

''The click-through rate is higher for ads in the news feed, but the reach is
smaller,'' he said, ''For that one in the news feed, it was shown to 909 people,
as opposed to being shown to 640,134 for the ad on the right. I'd rather have
0.75 percent of 640,000 people click through than 1.25 percent of 900 people.''

TARGETING USERS Business owners who create ads on Facebook are asked to choose
an audience for their ads, based on characteristics like gender, interests,
location, relationship status, education and even whether the user owns an
Android device or is expecting a child. Ms. Norman, who founded Little Passports
along with Stella Ma, uses a new Facebook tool, Custom Audiences, to try to
reach mothers who, for example, have a specific educational background or read
particular magazines.

Ms. Norman also uses Facebook's Lookalike Audiences tool, which helps her find
potential customers with characteristics similar to those of existing customers.
She uploads an Excel file with customer emails and Facebook looks for
demographic and behavioral trends within that group, then creates a new list
with similar characteristics. Facebook says it protects the privacy of
individual users by ''hashing'' their user IDs so that no personal customer
information is revealed.

Some business owners use targeting to zero in on their markets. When Tiago
Forte's San Francisco start-up, GSD.LAB, began offering a workflow design and
productivity class on Skillshare in October, he guessed that his market would be
young men interested in maximizing their productivity. He ran 16 different ads
in Facebook's news feed over 24 hours, spending a total of $174 for the
campaigns -- and found that women were twice as likely to click on his ads as
men.

''It turns out my market,'' he said, ''is middle-aged women looking for
work/life balance.''

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/01/16/business/smallbusiness/with-revamped-advertisi
ng-program-facebook-aims-to-compete-with-google.html

