

Google announced a range of products this month including an iPhone- killer, but
if you want to buy them in New Zealand you may have a long wait.

The new Pixel smartphones, Google Home device, and its virtual reality headset
were announced a few weeks ago but there's no way for Kiwis to buy them unless
you or someone you know is heading overseas.

When I asked Google when its products would arrive here, I got a vague response
about how they plan to launch in more countries in the future.

Google fans have a right to be disappointed especially as companies such as
Apple and Sony always include New Zealand in the first group of countries to get
devices.

So why does Google ignore New Zealand?

First, we are a small country so we're not a priority for the giant company.
Also, this isn't the first time we've been forgotten. Google's last range of
phones was hard to find here. The Nexus range got great reviews but you had to
do a lot of searching for them as they were rarely promoted.

The main reason for our lack of priority is probably because Google is not a
retailer.

These new phones are the first they've made from start to finish. Previously,
its used companies such as LG and Huawei to manufacture their devices and those
firms also help with marketing and selling the phones.

Apple has run physical retail stores for 12 years (though none are in New
Zealand) and also has hundreds of authorised dealers and an extensive online
store.

Google has to rely on external retailers and setting those up takes a lot of
time, as does putting in place advertising.

It doesn't seem to have a relationship with Spark, Vodafone or 2degrees,
companies which usually heavily promote new phones.

In Australia, Google is using JB HiFi to sell its Pixel phones. Hopefully, for
Kiwi Google fans this means they may soon go on sale here.

However, we have not been completely forgotten by Google. The new Chromecast
Ultra which features 4K streaming is available in the New Zealand Google Store
for pre-order.

But for everything else, I wouldn't hold my breath. Chances are they'll
eventually end up in stores here but without much fanfare.

