

Images said to be the first "glamour shots" of Motorola's Moto X have emerged
from the bowels of the internet, more than a week before the official launch of
the historic phone.

Moto X is the first Android phone said to be designed top-to-toe by Google
employees, so this is a phone that people have been looking out for with a
mixture of fear and excitement.

Will Motorola, purchased by Google in August 2011, become a mobile phone
powerhouse so mighty that even Samsung will have to bend at the knee? Will
Google's Android designers pass some secret-sauce recipes to Motorola designers,
giving them an unfair advantage over other Android licensees? Will the Moto X be
the greatest Android phone ever? We'll find out on August 1, when the phone is
due to be launched in the US.

But if the so-called glamour shots are anything to go by, neither Samsung nor we
have anything to fear/get excited about whatsoever. Laid out like a corpse in
the publicity shots, the Moto X doesn't look half as appealing as it did when
Google chairman Eric Schmidt paraded one around a while ago. Apart from the
curved back and what is doubtlessly a bigger screen, it looks quite a lot like a
Samsung Galaxy S - a design which Samsung abandoned years ago.

And the rumoured specs are nothing to get excited about, either. It's believed
the phone will have a 1.7GHz dual-core processor (ho hum), a 10megapixel rear
camera (ho hum), 2gigabytes of RAM (not bad) and will run Android 4.2.2. If
there's magic in the Moto X, it's not showing up on paper.

But of course, the very thing that competitors might fear about the Moto X -
that Google's Motorola team hasn't built the phone at a full arms-length
distance from Google's Android team - is the very thing that wouldn't show up on
paper. Any paper showing that would have been shredded then incinerated long
ago.

And if the rumours are right, the Moto X will have a neat software trick or two
up its sleeve.

A video on YouTube, since marked "private", showed that the phone would have a
permanently operational voice recognition system, allowing owners to ask
questions or make calls without ever touching the phone. Usually you have to
press something on your phone to get it to listen to you.

The video also showed a notification system called Active Updates, which
provides notifications that are more informative than a mere blinking light, and
a camera that can be launched with a flick of the wrist.

The drum beat of the all-conquering Samsung as it marches inexorably towards
tablet supremacy has picked up tempo. The world's largest consumer electronics
company has just launched its 2013 line-up of Galaxy Tab tablets, and whatever
it may lack in imagination, it makes up for in pricing.

Samsung's 8-inch tablet, known as the Galaxy Tab 3 (8-inch), is the fanciest of
the bunch and costs $349. The 7-inch version is $249, and the 10.1-inch version
is $399.

There's not just a difference in size and price, though. Whereas the 8-inch Tab
3 has a very sharp, 189-pixels-per-inch screen, the 7-inch has a not-so-sharp
149-ppi screen, the same pixel density as the 10.1-inch model. Somewhere between
those two pixel densities is a threshold, where you stop noticing the individual
pixels. So while the screen on the 8-inch Tab 3 looks fantastic, just like the
8-inch Note 2, the screens on the 7-inch and 10.1 models are a little ho-hum.

Samsung's message is clear: the 8-inch version is the one you buy for yourself,
the 7-inch version is the one you buy for your kids (especially the ones you
don't love so much) and the 10.1-inch Tab is for your household.

Alas, Samsung hasn't brought its full arsenal of wizardry out to play with the
Tabs this year. They're more about the price. And at $349, $20 cheaper than an
iPad mini but with a noticeably sharper screen than the mini, the Tab 3 (8-inch)
does look pretty appealing.

