

Asus Transformer Pad TF701

With a high-resolution 2,560 x 1,600 pixel screen, the Asus Transformer Pad is
among the top tablets in terms of pixel density.

Powering this display is Nvidia's strong Tegra 4 chip running at a whopping
1.9GHz with 2GB of RAM.

Besides the top-notch hardware, the Asus Transformer Pad has a keyboard
accessory which extends its already impressive 13-hour battery life by another
four hours.

Attaching the keyboard dock adds a USB 3.0 port and an SD card reader,
transforming it into a laptop.

Google Nexus 7

For Android purists, the Google Nexus 7 is undoubtedly the tablet to get. But
even non-Android users will appreciate the stunning 1,920 x 1,200 pixel display
on this 7-inch tablet. There is a negligible air gap between the LCD and the
protective glass, which reduces reflection.

Equally attractive are the Nexus 7's quad-core processor, dual cameras and
support for wireless charging. The clincher may be its competitive price tag,
starting from $429 for the Wi-Fi model.

LG G Tablet 8.3

LG's G Tablet 8.3 should be on your shortlist if you want a small, handy tablet.
It weighs just 338g, but packs some impressive hardware, including a quad-core
CPU and a 1,920 x 1,200 pixel display.

Then, there are the apps. The Q Pair app lets you get notifications from a
supported LG Android phone when you are using the tablet. Apps can run next to
each other using the QSlide Function feature.

Samsung Note 10.1 2014

The refreshed Samsung Note 10.1 gets a high-resolution 2,560 x 1,600 pixel
screen and a more streamlined design, with a textured back that is easier to
hold. Though it is lighter, it still feels sturdy.

The S Pen stylus remains its chief distinguishing feature. Samsung has improved
the stylus software. The Note is one of a few Android devices that supports app
multitasking in multiple windows side by side.

Sony Xperia Tablet Z

The 10-inch Z slate is so slim and light that it can slip from your hands in a
careless moment. Released early last year, it is still one of the thinnest
tablets in the market. It has a high-resolution 1,920 x 1,200 pixel screen and a
quad-core processor.

Its water-resistance feature is impressive. It can survive being under 1m of
water for up to 30 minutes.

