

Amazon.com geared up for the holidays, unveiling new tablets aimed at rivals
Apple, Google and Samsung and a secret weapon in the form of a live video chat
user-support service.

The e-commerce leader late Tuesday announced its updated Kindle Fire tablet
line, adding three third-generation devices in a challenge to Apple's iPad mini,
Google's Nexus 7 and Samsung's Galaxy tablets. The company made the
announcements via press release, forgoing the media events that it's held for
past Kindle Fire launches.

The Amazon releases were led by two new high-definition-screen tablets: the
Kindle Fire HDX with a 7-inch screen and one with an 8.9-inch screen.

Both devices boast a novel "Mayday Button" that a user presses to connect to an
Amazon tech support staffer via live video chat. The helper can teach users how
to operate the tablet, answer questions and can run the device remotely if
necessary. The user can see the Amazon staff member, but the employee can't see
the user.

"I love it, conceptually. Video chat is long, long overdue and hopefully it will
help with customer satisfaction for the Kindle," Forrester Research e-commerce
analyst Sucharita Mulpuru-Kodali told IBD.

Prices start at $229 for the smaller Kindle Fire HDX and $379 for the larger
device. Apple's 16 gigabyte Wi-Fi iPad mini, with a 7.9-inch display, starts at
$329 and the 16 GB Wi-Fi iPad with 9.7-inch display starts at $499.

Amazon's latest high-def tablets have what the company calls "exceptional" pixel
density, 323 pixels per inch for the 7-inch HDX and 339 pixels per inch for the
other. Both tablets run on a third-generation "Mojito" Fire OS, which is
Amazon's version of Google's open-source Android operating system.

The new HDXs have other improvements over prior Fire HDs, including the ability
to download Amazon Prime instant videos and TV programs directly to the device,
as well as stream content to TV sets. The improved "X-Ray" feature lets users
look up reference details about the content they're viewing.

Lower Cost For Regular Fire HD

Besides the two HDX devices, Amazon rolled out an improved version of its
regular Kindle Fire HD priced at $139, down from $199 for the prior version.

Amazon aims to make live video help on its HDX tablets available 24/7, with a
response time of 15 seconds max. Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos reportedly said at a
briefing with reporters late Tuesday in Seattle that the company is training
"thousands" of employees for its Mayday service and will hire more if necessary.
Bezos said Mayday would be ready by Christmas.

It's not clear how Mayday's costs will affect Amazon. The company already
subsidizes its Kindles, counting on the devices to drive sales of books, movies
and other content. Selling at cost, or below, helps Amazon keep prices lower
than the competition.

Amazon has been sacrificing short-term profit for long-term gains in a big
expansion of its product fulfillment centers. Amazon reported a Q2 loss of 2
cents per share. Its cost of sales that quarter rose 18%.

Mulpuru-Kodali points out that Mayday might not help when the problem is such
that users can't access the video help service.

"You often still need to be on the phone with someone when they tell you to
reboot your system, for instance," Mulpuru-Kodali said. "Video chat probably
works better when it's not a hardware challenge but is about content or "where
something is.' "

GVA Research principal David Garrity and other analysts expect Apple to announce
its newest tablets soon.

"It's nice to know that Amazon's still working on their product innovation, but
I think we'll still find ourselves in a situation where Apple's going to come
out with a response sooner rather than later," Garrity said.

Of the new Kindles, he said, "I don't think it's going to make any difference in
the tablet wars vs. Apple and Samsung."

Amazon stock fell a fraction on Wednesday.

Market tracker IDC said in early August that global shipments of Amazon's Kindle
Fire slipped in the second quarter.

For the first time since Kindle Fire's launch in late 2011, the device didn't
rank among IDC's top five tablets.

