

Here's a look at the very latest in technology and trends from around the world
that will take your breath away:

Google Chrome Pixel (2015)

While Google did not change the name of the new ChromeBook, they did change
everything else. The laptop has a 12.85-inch touchscreen with a resolution of
2560 x 1700 pixels in an aluminum chassis that weighs only 1.5Kg.

In terms of hardware, you have choice between an Intel Core i5 or i7 processor,
8/16GB RAM as well as 32 or 64GB flash storage. After the latest Apple MacBook,
this is only the second laptop to use USB-c ports.

On each side of the laptop is a USB-c port that can be used for charging or for
connecting additional storage and peripherals. In addition, you get two USB 3.0
ports, an SD card reader and audio/microphone jack. Other features include a
backlit keyboard, etched glass trackpad, 720p HD webcam, WiFi 802.11ac,
Bluetooth 4.0 and a battery life of up to 12 hours. It's priced at US$ 999
onwards and is currently available only in the US.

Vaio Phone

After the split with Sony, Vaio has now chosen to set its sights on the
smartphone market. Their first smartphone, simply called the Vaio Phone, runs
Android 5.0 out of box and is priced at about US$ 420. It features a 5-inch IPS
display with a resolution of 1280 x 720 pixels and weighs 130 grams.

Inside the 7.95mm slim body is a 1.2Ghz quad core Snapdragon 410 processor, 2GB
RAM and 16GB storage (expandable via micro SD cards). Other specifications
include a 2,500mAh battery, 13MP rear camera, 5MP front camera and 4G support.
To start with, the Vaio phone will be available exclusively in Japan from 20th
March 2015 onwards.

The Runcible

Remember the pocket watch? That's where the makers of this unique smartphonelike
device have taken inspiration from. They call it a new category of digital
device for the post-smartphone era.

According to them, it sits somewhere between a smartphone and a wearable (like a
smartwatch). You'll notice that it has a circular display and arounded, organic
shape that fits neatly in the palm. All the typical connectivity options you get
in a smartphone (LTE, Bluetooth, WiFi) are present but it will never take over
your life.

In fact, it distills your digital life and alerts you in subtle ways. For
instance, you can select 12 contacts you wish to speak to -others will go to
voicemail. Activity around your social networks is represented by bubbles
(larger bubbles = more activity). Further details are not available but it
should be available some time this year at a price of US$600 onwards.

JIVR Bike

Tackling urban mobility is no easy task. Currently in the funcing stage on
Kickstarter, the JIVR Bike is a foldable, go-anywhere, chainless, app-enabled,
electric assisted bicycle.

With the batteries and everything included, it weighs just 15kg and folds up in
a few simple actions. It can still be pedaled like a bicycle - the mechanical
drivetrain is hidden inside the frame. Without any human power, the bike can
reach a speed of 32 kmph and travel about 30kms on a single charge (extendable
by pedaling).

The electric motor is a small unit that fits to the front wheel hub, the
batteries are integrated into the frame and there are dual disc brakes to haul
it down from speed. It charges using any 110 to 220 volt outlet in about 90
minutes. As a bonus, it also has a smartphone mount on the handlebar - you can
fire up the JIVR app to view distance traveled, calories burned and for
navigation.

Ampware CrankCase

This mobile phone case that combines age-old dynamo technology with protection.
They're starting with cases for the iPhone 5/5S & 6 but others are in
development. When the device starts running low, you can pull out the crank
handle and start winding it for a battery boost.

The makers say that a minute of cranking will get you about 40 minutes of use
and 5 minutes will net an extra 3 hours. Theoretically, you won't need to plug
the phone in ever again.

As a bonus, it also has a USB port which you can use to charge other gadgets.
You can check out the project on Indiegogo (it's currently in the funding stage,
5% funded at the time of writing).

Autodesk Tinkerplay

When you think of 3D printing, you normally think of industrial applications,
prototyping, architectural scale models, prosthetics and so on. However,
Autodesk, makers of the AutoCAD 3D software have come up with a 3D printing app
for children called Tinkerplay. The app is a result of Autodesk's acquisition of
Modio.

Unlike Modio though, Tinkerplay will be available on iOS, Android and Windows.
The idea is to encourage children to get started with 3D printing sooner. Using
the app, you can easily (and quickly) mash together designs (like toys or action
figures) using the pre-loaded templates and parts. Creating something new is as
simple as using drag-and-drop.

Once you're done with designing your creation, the file can be exported in a
format that is understood by a 3D printer. Oh, and the app is completely free,
so even if you don't have access to a 3D printer, you can still give it a whirl.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

