

At this pricing, the Nexus 5 could very well take over the Indian market in a
flash.

Friday, November 01, 2013: In what is really good news for Indian smartphone
buyers, the Google Nexus 5 is coming soon to India. Google has already put up
the Nexus 5 smartphone on its Google Play page with the official pricing for the
country. The device is available on the Google Play Store for a price of Rs
28,999 for the 16 GB version. The 32 GB version, on the other hand, is available
at Rs 32,999.

The Google Nexus 5 was launched by the company on Thursday (31 October) in 10
countries. The specifications of the device had been leaked many times in the
past month or so. But, to refresh, the Nexus 5 has a 12.7-cm (5-inch) screen and
is powered by the 2.3 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 800. It has 2 GB of RAM and comes
in 16 GB and 32 GB internal storage variants. Google has also added a new 8 mega
pixel HDR camera, which has the optical image stabilisation technology
incorporated into it.

Google's pricing for the device seems to be apt for the Indian market. With the
top of the line processor and the Android 4.4 KitKat OS, the company should find
a huge market in the country. Currently, Indian smartphones providing this kind
of a processor cost more than Rs 40,000, with the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 being at
the top with a price of Rs 49,990. At a price of Rs 32,999, Google is not only
saving the consumer Rs 10,000, but offering all features except the camera.

Moreover, the camera provided by Google in the Nexus 5 is still an 8 mega pixel
camera, which is enough for the average smartphone user's requirements. Come to
think of it, the Nexus 5, though not in the affordable smartphone range, could
be enticing enough for consumers. This makes the phone a veritable competitor
for both high end and affordable range smartphones, which gives it a bigger
market to cater to.

If you're planning to spend about Rs 28,000 for a smartphone, then this phone is
the perfect buy. The processor comes along with the Adreno 330 (450 MHz) GPU,
which gives it compatibility for the best games as well. As long as you're
willing to sacrifice a bit on the camera, you're golden with this phone. Plus,
there are a thousand apps on the Google Play Store, which can help you enhance
the camera experience of your smartphone.

