

Google has recently added two new smartphones to its Nexus family - Huawei Nexus
6P and LG Nexus 5X - amidst rumours of plans to manufacture its own smartphones.
We got our hands on the flagship Huawei Nexus 6P launched in India at Rs.39,999
(32 GB variant) and here is what we think of it:

What is good?

To start off, the phone's design is impressive, to say the least. It has a fresh
look and feel to it. The rear panel of the phone gives it an elegant look with
the aluminium finish, fingerprint sensor and the nexus logo (which is embossed)
on the panel. The phone is relatively thinner than most flagships in the market.
The thicker top part of the phone with a black differentiated part that houses
the camera and the flash also elevates the phone's look.

The display is superb. The 5.7-inch quad-HD display has a 518 pixels per inch
(ppi) density and provides a good viewing experience. The pixel density is
higher than most other devices and so images seem to be sharper.

Google is actually right to claim that this Nexus has the best camera yet. The
rear camera is very fast and accurate, taking it closer to rivals like iPhone 6S
and Galaxy S6 when it comes to shutter speed. Due to the larger 1.55 micron
pixels that let in more light, the camera does well in low-light conditions
although my personal opinion is that other flagships still are better in this
regard. The camera comes with only three other modes including auto -
photosphere, panorama and lens blur.

The Nexus 6P's 2GHz octa-core Snapdragon 810 processor, combined with 3 GB DDR4
RAM, is an industry-grade performer. There are only a handful of situations when
the phone lags. Multi-tasking, changing between games and other functions are
lightning fast on the device. The stock pure Android also helps in this
experience.

Coming to the highlight of the phone, the latest Android operating system (OS)
Marshmallow or Android 6.0. The OS has been modified to make the experience much
faster and better. Quick actions and menus make the phone more intuitive. Google
Now on Tap, an artificial intelligence programme or machine learning programme
uses the raw power of the search engine to show more info about the user's
search input. The feature works with movies, places, people and music bands.

The operating system also offers a 'doze' mode which is instrumental in saving
battery drain. The phone essentially shuts down all app background activity when
it is left untouched for a long time. Another noticeable feature is the app
drawer on the top of the apps menu. The most used apps are reflected on top in
the drawer followed by apps in the alphabetical order. The OS also comes with a
search bar to allow users to look for specific apps.

The phone comes with a 3,450 mAH battery which, in spite of the phone having a
quad-HD display, manages nearly 24 hours. This is again aided by the doze mode.
The phone also supports quick charging, which is also a plus.

Interestingly, the Nexus 6P also comes with a fingerprint scanner which is very
fast and responsive. The OS also allows storage of up to five fingerprints.
Other features on the device include GPS-A with GLONASS, NFC, Wi-Fi, 4G-LTE
support and Bluetooth along with a host of sensors.

What doesn't work for the phone?

The phone has curved and thicker edges. Due to its big screen size, the phone
might not easily fit into all pockets. Also, the screen and the buttons have a
distinct Huawei-made look and feel, which was a little buzz kill. One can in
some way relate to the design of the Honor 7 as the Nexus 6P looks like a
crossover between the two with its rear-sided fingerprint scanner.

The display is a little too reflective for use as it takes up light sources in
front of it, which is sometimes irritating. Then, there are also smudges which
need to be cleaned for use during daylight hours.

Although the camera comes with larger pixels to allow more light, the phone
camera suffers performance in dark conditions. The red eye effect was
immediately seen in pictures although the camera seemed to capture more details
perfectly. There is no professional mode for the camera which is present in
rivals' flagship models. I missed being able to edit the picture on the device
and share it immediately as I would have wanted to.

Gaming on the device for longer durations could be a problem as it heats up a
lot.

We faced a lot of problems with charging the device mainly because the new
Nexuses comes with a Type-C USB at both ends rendering the phone not chargeable
via USB. A user has to invest a minimum of Rs.200 to get a converter to charge
it via PC or a power bank.

Verdict: In our opinion, this is the best Nexus that Google has ever produced,
including all departments like the design, camera, performance and software
(operating system). In comparison to other flagships in the market, the phone
packs a decent punch to unseat a few given its price and performance. Also, if
you are a pure Android experience fan, it can't get better.

Full specifications: Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 2GHz octa-core processor | 3 GB
LPDDR4 RAM | 5.7 inches quad-HD display (518 ppi pixel density) with Corning
Gorilla Glass 4 and oleophobic coating | Storage - 32/64/128 GB | 12-megapixel
rear camera (4608 x 2592 pixels) with laser autofocus and dual-LED (dual tone)
flash with 1.55Am pixel size | 8-megapixel front camera |

Android Marshmallow 6.0 | NFC | Bluetooth Module 4.0 | Wi-Fi | A-GPS and GLONASS
| 3,450 mAH battery | 4G-LTE

