
DATELINE: India


India, April 10 -- The future is on the Net. This is true about art and culture
as the success of the Google Art Project highlights. Since its launch in
February 2011, nearly 150 museums and art galleries, including some of the
prestigious ones like the Tate gallery in London, have been digitised and the
images made available on the Internet. It is now possible to sit at one's home
and virtually tour all those museums and see tens of thousands of art objects
and paintings. The quality of the images can be gauged from the fact that they
have a density of 7 billion pixels, thousands of times more than those taken by
conventional digital cameras. This means that the images are as good as the
real.

The future is on the Net. This is true about art and culture as the success of
the Google Art Project highlights. Since its launch in February 2011, nearly 150
museums and art galleries, including some of the prestigious ones like the Tate
gallery in London, have been digitised and the images made available on the
Internet. It is now possible to sit at one's home and virtually tour all those
museums and see tens of thousands of art objects and paintings. The quality of
the images can be gauged from the fact that they have a density of 7 billion
pixels, thousands of times more than those taken by conventional digital
cameras. This means that the images are as good as the real.

Though the Louvre in Paris, considered the mother of museums, is not among the
150, art lovers can access such classics as Van Gogh's works through their
computers. What's more, the high pixels allow artists to zoom on sections of the
art works and study them in detail. For instance, an artist wanting to know
whether Mona Lisa's hands are really feminine will be able to do so by doing
sectional studies of the world-famous painting once the Louvre, too, joins the
project in the next phase. That last year 8.8 million people visited the Louvre
alone shows the popularity of museums the world over. The entry fees in Indian
museums may be low but in Europe, it is so high that it is beyond the reach of
the average student.

Of course, the virtual cannot be a substitute for the real. In other words, the
project is unlikely to diminish the popularity of museums, while it will allow
billions of people to enjoy art and culture from the comfort of their homes and
offices. This is tantamount to democratising art and culture and this needs to
be encouraged. India, which has a rich cultural heritage, stands to gain if it,
too, makes it possible for virtual visitors to see and study, for instance, the
paintings of Raja Ravi Varma and architectural wonders like the Sun temple at
Konark. Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

