

The pending release of Apple's iPad tablet is creating another Internet paroxysm
of speculation, frenzied minutia, andrecycled rumors. The latest of which is the
rebirth of interest in the "Google Pad."

iPad Apps: A Sneak Peek According to the blog at Dean Whitney Interactive,
"Rumors are spreading about Google's plans to compete with the Apple iPad with
their own tablet device."

But these rumors are at least two months old. Search for +"GooglePad" yields
about 4,400 results on Google, while +"Google Pad" yields 261,000 hits. And they
started when Google itself, on Feb. 2, posted concept illustration of what a
possible touch tablet computer running Google's Chrome OS might look like. The
illustrations and the original post are still online. And of course there's the
Google Pad concept video.Â  Without citing or linking to any sources, the Dean
Whitney blogpost says the new batch of rumors "confirms earlier reports that
suggested the device would launch on or around April 5. The update also confirms
that the phone will be sold directly by Google via the web" with T-Mobile as the
carrier. That would be news, if anyone else was speculating or rumoring, let
alone reporting, it.

On one of the other hands, TechCrunch's John Briggs doesn't expect a Google
-branded product anytime soon. "Here's another ball out of left field: what if
Google came out with a slate running their own official version of Chrome OS,"
he wrote earlier in March. "A GooglePad, then, would blow everyone's minds and
essentially make this a two-horse race. It's a fascinating idea but I wouldn't
expect Google to move on this for at least a year."

In May and June he expects a flock of "Chinese knock-offs" of the iPad, with
Dell's Android-based Mini5 tablet and an unnamed HP product appearing later in
the summer of this year.

It's not like there aren't any Google tablets or pads already announced, or even
released. Engadget has a whole list of recently announced pad computers, all
running the Google Android operating system, developed originally for
smartphones (the iPad runs the iPhone software). There have been at least five
since 10 March.

The most recent is Archos Home Tablet. Another is the WePad (underlining,
apparently, the contrast with "iPad") from Germany's Neofonie, which touts an
11.6-inch display with 1366 x 768 pixels, compared with the iPad's 9.7-inch
display with 1024 x 768 pixels.

The unreleased iPad is even being used to chart a new course for floundering
Palm. PC World's Tony Bradley argues Palm should learn from Apple, take its
innovative webOS software and load it into a new Palm tablet, almost inevitably
to be called the Palm Pad. "Palm could abandon the smartphone market altogether,
or use a successful tablet device to rebuild brand recognition and customer
loyalty that might bolster the smartphone side of the business," Bradley writes.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network
World.Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwBlog RSS feed.




