

NEW DELHI: South Korean technology giant LG has launched its latest smartphone
in the 'V series' at an event in San Francisco. The smartphone is the world's
first to come with Google Android's latest version Nougat out of the box. It is
also the first smartphone to use Google's In Apps feature that helps users find
content from built-in apps including contacts, emails, text messages and photos
and user-installed apps.The smartphone features a 5.7-inch QHD display with
144-x2560 pixel resolution and a 2.1-inch second display with 160 x 1040 pixel
resolution.

The company says that second screen offers enhanced visibility with double the
brightness and 50% larger font size compared to the V10. It runs a quad-core
Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor. The smartphone comes with a lightweight
aluminium body and offers 4GB RAM and 64GB internal storage. The users can
expand the storage up to 2TB by installing a microSD card.Coming to the camera,
the LG V20 sports a 16MP rear camera with dual LED flash, 75-degree lens, f/1.8
aperture, OIS and Hybrid Auto Focus (HAF) integrating three AF mechanisms --
Laser Detection AF, Phase Detection AF (PDAF) and Contrast AF -- for both videos
and photos along with a 8MP rear camera with f/2.4 aperture and 135-degree lens
for capturing wide shots. There is also a 5MP front-facing wide angle lens
camera for better selfies.The device also offers Hi-Fi Video Recording and uses
Low Cut Filter (LCF) that removes unwanted background noise and Limiter (LMT)
and sets recording distance. It comes equipped with a fingerprint sensor and
offers 4G, LTE, 3G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS, NFC and USB Type C as connectivity
options. The smartphone has B&O audio for better music experience and is backed
by a 3200 mAh battery with Quick Charge support.LG V20 will come in Titan,
Silver and Pink colour options had will go on sale from this month in Korea. The
company has not yet revealed any details about the device's pricing.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

