

New Delhi, June 30 -- Zacks.com announces the list of stocks featured in the
Analyst Blog. Every day the Zacks Equity Research analysts discuss the latest
news and events impacting stocks and the financial markets. Stocks recently
featured in the blog include Nokia Corporation (NYSE: NOK-Free Report), Apple
Inc. (Nasdaq: AAPL-Free Report), Google Inc. (Nasdaq: GOOG-Free Report),
Microsoft Corporation (Nasdaq: MSFT-Free Report) and Aetna Inc. (NYSE: AET-Free
Report).



Here are highlights from Friday's Analyst Blog:

Nokia to Launch 41 MP Windows Phone

Nokia Corporation (NYSE: NOK-Free Report) expects to launch a Windows-based
smartphone that will possess a 41 mega pixel PureView camera. The launch will
bring to the forefront the innovative camera phone on the Windows platform that
has been rumored for long.

According to media reports, the device has been coded as EOS and has a Xenon
flash, OLED display, polycarbonate body and 32GB of internal memory. The
smartphone is believed to be a fraction bigger than Nokia's flagship Lumia 925
and is expected to be launched on Jul 11, 2013.

Last year, Nokia introduced its first PureView technology integrated phones with
the launch of Nokia 808 PureView. This imaging technology is a combination of
many pixels into one perfect pixel and provides a digital camera like effect.
The smartphone also has a high resolution Carl Zeiss lens and was one of the
last devices to run on Nokia's Symbian operating system (OS).

The Finnish handset manufacturer states that the new smartphone will allow its
users to zoom in three times better than its predecessor without losing any
resolution.

In the last couple of years, Nokia has fallen behind in the smartphone
leadership race, which has been mainly dominated by Apple Inc.'s (Nasdaq:
AAPL-Free Report) iPhone and Samsung's Galaxy range, which runs on Google Inc.'s
(Nasdaq: GOOG-Free Report) Android platform. Nevertheless, the company's
decision to join forces with Microsoft Corporation (Nasdaq: MSFT-Free Report) is
finally paying off as the latest range of Lumia has performed better than its
predecessors.

Although Nokia has taken a long time to incorporate the PureView technology into
the Windows phone operating platform, we believe that the launch timing is
perfect for Nokia as demand for its Windows-based phones are currently picking
up. However, it will take time for the smartphone to gain wide acceptance as
such a high resolution camera technology has not been tested in a major OS yet.

Nokia currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold).

Aetna Upgraded to Outperform

On Jun 21, 2013, we upgraded our recommendation on the shares of Aetna Inc.
(NYSE: AET-Free Report) to Outperform from Neutral as we gain increased
confidence about the company's operations.

Aetna has been performing strongly over the past several quarters and we expect
the company to continue performing well going forward, backed by the growth in
Medicaid and Medicare network segments, fast-growing health services segment,
and an expanding provider network.

Why Upgrade?

Aetna's execution over the last few years has been excellent. While performance
has been strong across the board, a stand-out area is the organic and
acquisition-fueled growth.

Aetna has made huge investment in technology upgradation as well as acquisition.


Aetna recently concluded the acquisition of Coventry. The acquisition enhances
the company's Medicaid footprint, gives it more credibility, and positions the
company better for the enormous Medicaid RFP, expansion and dual growth
opportunities.

It has also made a number of acquisitions in its Commercial business over the
past 2-3 years.

Additionally, Aetna is aggressively forming Accountable Care Organizations to
generate incremental revenues.

We also have a growing optimism for international growth opportunities at Aetna.
The company is actively entering foreign markets. It is targeting Asian markets
like India and China both of which present huge potential for growth.

Today, Zacks is promoting its ''Buy'' stock recommendations. Get #1Stock of the
Day pick for free.

About Zacks Equity Research

Zacks Equity Research provides the best of quantitative and qualitative analysis
to help investors know what stocks to buy and which to sell for the long-term.

Continuous coverage is provided for a universe of 1,150 publicly traded stocks.
Our analysts are organized by industry which gives them keen insights to
developments that affect company profits and stock performance. Recommendations
and target prices are six-month time horizons.

Zacks "Profit from the Pros" e-mail newsletter provides highlights of the latest
analysis from Zacks Equity Research.

