

Thursday, May 16, 2013: LG Google Nexus 4 the flagship mobile from Google is now
on pre-order on Infibeam for INR 25, 990/-. It is said to have the latest
version of Google Now. The most awaited Smartphone from LG will hit Infibeam
Mobile store on 31st May 2013. This new phone from the Internet giant will be
launched with 16GB internal memory as of now.

Experience the HD television like display on your very own LG Google Nexus 4's
4.7 inch TFT LCD Screen that comes with the Zero Gap technology. It has been
made very exclusively displaying bigger and brighter images not straining your
eyes. With the Corning Gorilla Glass 2 your phone is safe from scratches. This
phone delivers a True HD IPS Plus 1280x780 pixels resolution.

Experience great performance and speed with this Android 4.2 Jelly Bean Plus
based phone that is powered by a Krait Quad-Core 1.5 GHz with the Qualcomm
APQ8064 chipset that enhances the functions and helps in smooth running of the
apps.

This Smartphones is said to have great Google Maps, Google Play that has more
than 700000 Apps and Games, Music on Google Play. Now you make the very boring
life interesting and fun while travelling or staying in an area that is away
from the modern life style. Have everything searched with the right and most
updated information.

It is an NFC and Wi-Fi enabled phone that connects you easily to your virtual
world. Transferring files gets easy with the Bluetooth and USB. Capture great
moments in any direction and any light with its 8MP camera. It allows you to
take superb and high quality 360 panorama photographs, capturing every minute
detail. This phone keeps you on for longer hours as it is powered by a 2100mAh
Li-Polymer Battery. Pre-order this Smartphone now from Infibeam.com

http://www.infibeam.com/Mobiles/i-LG-Nexus-4-Google
-Smartphone/P-E-M-LG-E965.html

Key Features

* 4.7 inch TFT LCD Screen

* True HD IPS Plus 1280x780 pixels

* Android 4.2 Jelly Bean

* Krait Quad-Core 1.5 GHz

* NFC and Wi-Fi enabled

* 2100mAh Li-Polymer Battery

* 16GB internal memory

