

The Moto X is a reminder of Motorola's legacy in the smartphone market and why
this company ones defined mobile phones.

Friday, May 09, 2014: If Motorola's plan is to take over the budget and
mid-range smartphone then it has done everything right till now. While the Moto
E is expected to arrive on 13 May, with a price tag below Rs 10,000, I talk
today about Motorola's most expensive device in the market, the Moto X.

First of all, a sweeping declaration - this is the best Android experience you
will get below Rs 30,000. The Moto X is the company's flagship device priced at
an affordable Rs 23,999 and it is everything that you want in your smartphone.
Like the Moto G (http://efytimes.com/e1/fullnews.asp?edid=132203), this one is
also available exclusively on Flipkart.

Design

While the Moto X showcases a simplistic design, it still has a lot to offer.
Firstly, Motorola has two wood finish devices to offer in this and it also comes
in Red, White, Turquoise and Royal Blue colours with the polycarbonate finish.
The Moto X is light and thin enough to fit right into the hand and pocket. It
doesn't look humoungous like many other flagship devices, but the smaller size
of the device makes it just that much easier to handle.

Motorola's statement is very simple, you don't need a above 5-inch device to
make something look good. This is not just a good looking device, it is built
ergonomically too.

Features

The Moto X is not a device that can be judged by its display and all the usual
stuff. This device is loaded with features that set it apart from virtually any
other smartphone in the market. I'll start with what I like the most, the
touchless controls.

You remember how I was raving about the 'Ok Google' feature on the Nexus 5
(http://efytimes.com/e1/fullnews.asp?edid=126377)? Well, this is better. You can
train the Moto X to recognise your voice and then operate the voice through
voice commands alone without even needing to unlock the device. So, saying 'Ok
Google Now Call XYZ', will call whoever you want to call and so on. It's
something that no other phone can offer at the moment.

Next up is the Active Display feature of the Moto X. This feature lights up only
those pixels on your screen, which are needed in order to display an image. This
allows you to view notifications without needing to turn on the backlight of the
device. The pixel light up, which saves battery and makes for a useful new
feature on the device.

The Moto X also includes the Motorola Connect feature, which lets you control
the device from your desktop Google Chrome browser. In addition, the Migrate and
Assist features seen in the Moto G are also part of this device.

Performance

This phone is a testament to the fact that more cores doesn't mean better
performance. The Moto X is powered by a 1.7 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Pro dual
core processor. Dissapointed? Well, the device gives an AnTuTu benchmark score
of about 22,800, which is very close to the octa-core Micromax Canvas Knight
23,050. I tried running the game Asphalt 8 on this phone and sure enough, it
performs much better than any device with a dual core processor. It's a gentle
reminder of the rich legacy that Motorola has in the mobile phone market.

Camera

The 10 mega pixel camera on the back shoots good pictures, but fails in
low-light conditions. Also, the Moto X shoots 1080 pixel videos, only those
though. There is no way to change the resolution of the videos that you shoot.

Verdict

It's sad that the Moto X hasn't created waves in the Indian market the way the
Moto G did. Like the G, the Moto X also provides absolute value for money and
beats competitors in the same price segment. This is a device that comes from
the company that built the first mobile phone and Motorola has given it a lot of
thought.

The Moto X is a comfortably priced device that brings you a lot of high-end and
exclusive features. It is a very good device to buy.

