

While we are still waiting for the Google Nexus 7 tablet in many corners of the
world, Google is reportedly working on another Google Nexus 7 tablet. The second
generation of this tablet might use the next generation processor from Qualcomm.

Sources have told Reuters (http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/04/03/us-google
-nexus-idUSBRE93205L20130403) that Google
(http://www.reuters.com/finance/stocks/overview?symbol=GOOG.O&lc=int_mb_1001)
will launch a new version of its Nexus 7 tablet July this year. This latest
second generation of tablet will have a higher screen resolution, a thinner
bezel design and adopt Qualcomm's chip. The current model  uses a Nvidia Tegra
3, quad-core processor clocked at a speed of 1.2 GHz.

Seth Weintraub (http://9to5google.com/author/sethweintraub/) of 9to5google
(http://9to5google.com/2013/04/03/second-generation-qualcomm-based-nexus-7-to-de
but-in-july-with-improved-display-says-reuters/) expects a likely change to the
Snapdragon 600 or 800 processor. We would also like go with Seth but, we would
expect a Snapdragon 800
(http://www.qualcomm.com/media/documents/qualcomm-snapdragon-800-product-brief)
quad-core processor which could be clocked at 2.3 GHz and will support amazing
and very sharp display, better than its competitors. Snapdragon 800 is already
out and is expected to come to the LG Optimus G2. On the Optimus G2 the
processor will support 1080 by 1794 pixel screen. (read here
(http://daily.bhaskar.com/article/GAD-lg-to-win-over-galaxy-s4-optimus-g2-will-r
un-on-snapdragon-800-4222165-NOR.html))

Reuters expects a higher resolution display, which would mean better than the
current 1280 by 800 display at 254 pixel per inches. This also makes us believe
that Snapdragon 800 will come to tablet with the second generation Google Nexus
7. Someone was faster than us to expect this and has already updated the
Wikipedia page with Google Nexus 7 inch  2.0 along with the LG Optimus G2 (read
here (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snapdragon_(system_on_chip)#Snapdragon_800)).
This needs to be confirmed yet, and we are waiting to hear more.

Google usually releases its devices at a Developer's program, and one of these
is to be organized in middle of May, which is the Google I/O
(http://www.droid-life.com/tag/googleio/) event. Since this new tablet is not
arriving at this program, which also strengthens the speculations around the use
of Snapdragon 800 processor.

Well, for information, Samsung Galaxy S4 launched with the Snapdragon 600
quad-core and opted for the octa-core Exynos for its other variant.

