

It's no coincidence, when you have been Googling Southeast Asia, to find later
that your Facebook page is populated with ads for holidays in Thailand.

Neither is it a sign from the retail gods that you need to buy THAT pair of
shoes that you've browsed once, when its image keeps popping up on your social
media accounts.

It's not that you've been cyberstalked, but the practice of retargeting - using
your internet browsing habits to track your preferences - is widely used by
companies to send you advertisements of products and services you have Googled.

Rohan Isaacs, director at Norton Rose Fulbright, says it's all done through the
use of cookies (a small piece of data sent from a website and stored in your web
browser) and tracking pixels (the basic unit of programmable colour on a
computer display).

"Pixels embedded within an advertising slot on a web page can access cookies
previously dropped on to your computer by the advertiser. These cookies give the
advertiser information about previous searches and browsing habits, enabling the
advertiser to target your preferences."

Isaacs says whether this is an invasion of privacy depends on one's point of
view.

"Services which obtain this information about you would argue that you have
consented to it. You aren't forced to use the service after all. Their privacy
policies invariably explain what they do, at least in general terms," he says.

Nathan Desfontaines, cyber security manager at KPMG, agrees.

"Privacy policies are loosely explained. Websites tell us that they are using
cookies and give us an option to opt out by disabling cookies. But doing that
means some features of a website may not work."

Desfontaines also agrees that retargeting is not illegal. "But the problem is
that we are not given an option to decide if we want to opt in."

And for that reason, he says, this practice tests ethical borders and has the
potential to embarrass users.

"If a woman thinks she is pregnant, for example, and Googles contraceptives or
abortion and then moves away from her desk, then when these adverts pop up on
her screen everyone can see what she's been browsing," Desfontaines says.

"By using Google to browse the Net you have automatically opted to be tracked if
you already use other Google unpaid services such as Gmail, Google Maps and
Google Drive," he says.

"To access many of these services you need to log into a Google account. And as
long as you're logged in, Google knows exactly who you are and mines everything
you are doing within the Google environment for information about you," Isaacs
says.

But, if you don't want to be tracked, you can turn cookies off on your browser
setting.

