

BEST FOR VALUE Tesco Hudl2 (EURO)170 The new tablet from the supermarket giant
is terrific value for money. Its specs might not be class-leading but are by no
means shabby, and unlike the plasticky first Hudl, this time round the hardware
is housed in an attractive case with a soft coating for easy handling. The
bright, sharp and colourful 8.3in display is 192200 pixels, working out at 273
pixels per inch (ppi). The 16GB of memory might come under pressure if you take
advantage of the bundled discount for Blinkbox, Tesco's video download and
streaming service, but can be supplemented with a memory card of up to 32GB.
Frankly the only giveaways that this is a budget tablet are the cameras, with
5Mp to the rear and a 1.2Mp on the front, and - if you must use it without
headphones - the sound, which is tinny.

Otherwise the Hudl2 will handle most users' gaming, video and webbrowsing chores
without breaking sweat. If you are a regular Tesco shopper and collect points,
you can get it for a discounted price.

Verdict Looks, feels and in most respects performs like a premiumpriced product.

??? www.tesco.ie BEST FOR BUDGET 4G Vodafone Smart Tab 4G (EURO)199 Opting for
the 4G version of a tablet is normally expensive, but this 8in Android tablet is
very affordable. At the base price you add a free Vodafone Sim and then pay for
data as you use it; alternatively, take out a two-year contract (starting at
(EURO)24.99 a month for 1GB of data) and the tablet comes free. The Smart Tab
runs on the slowest processor here, and other specs are similarly basic: the
1280x800-pixel screen gives 189ppi - meaning you'll notice the pixels when
looking at fine text - and it is less bright compared with others on test.
Memory is just 8GB (although up to 64GB MICROSD cards are supported), and the
cameras are 5Mp at the rear and 2Mp on the front. That said, it feels tough and
well built, while 4G data is fast and effortless to use, assuming you're in a
zone with good signal, such as a city centre. Stray into the sticks and unless
you can find wi-fi, you're down to 3G or slower: fine for email, less so for the
web.

Verdict A mobile data bargain - assuming Vodafone coverage.

{{{{(vodafone.ie BEST FOR BATTERY Lenovo Yoga Tablet 2 (8in) (EURO)259.99 The
Yoga is quirky but practical. The cylinder at the base of the screen contains a
battery big enough to power the tablet for up to 18 hours between recharges;
real-world use suggests more like 12 hours, but it's still double the life of
any other tablet on test. It also houses a kick-stand on a hinge that lets you
prop up the tablet in landscape mode at any angle you like, or hang from a hook
- useful in a kitchen or other messy environment - and a pair of speakers for
decent stereo sound. On the downside, teasing out the stand from its position
flush against the rear case is not easy, and the design is heavy and awkward to
hold. The Yoga 2's 8in display contains 192200 pixels for 283ppi, its cameras
are a rear-facing 8Mp and a 1.6Mp on the front, there's 16GB of memory and it
takes MICROSD cards of up to 64GB. Like all the tablets tested bar the Nexus 9
it comes with "bloatware" - services installed by the maker that you might not
be able to remove. The Yoga 2 is the most weighed down by these largely
unnecessary apps.

Verdict Brilliant battery life and useful upright desktop mode.

??? www.lenovo.com/ie BEST FOR DISPLAY Google Nexus 9 from (EURO)399 Nexus
products are endorsed by Google and are intended as showcases for its latest
Android software and apps. They also used to be great value for money, but this
tablet is nudging Apple-price territory. So is it worth the cost? It is made by
HTC for Google, and you get a lovely 8.9in display with 2048x1536 pixels for a
best-in-test 281ppi, plus it runs the latest version of Android - Lollipop -
which as well as performance tweaks brings a clean new look to the operating
system. The 8Mp rear and 1.6Mp front-facing cameras are the most impressive here
too - but not as good as the iPad's ones, if you must use a tablet to take shots
- while its 2.3GHZ processor is also the most powerful of our four. Among the
optional accessories are a clever case that doubles as a stand, with a corner
that folds back to expose the rear camera, and a magnetic wireless
keyboard/cover. But build quality is disappointing for the price, and there's no
way of expanding the 16GB of memory unless you plump for the 32GB version.

Verdict Looks overpriced in this company. ????? www.google.co.uk/nexus/9 BUYER'S
GUIDE Apple or Android? The iPad Mini was Apple's answer to small Android
tablets such as these, and despite being late to the party in some ways it is
the best. The 7.9in Mini 3 offers an outstanding screen resolution of 326ppi,
has a best-in-class rear camera and runs on a chip designed by Apple for its
mobile devices. It's supported too by the App Store and its 500,000-plus
tablet-optimised apps (there are far fewer for Android tablets). But the Mini 3
starts at (EURO)409 for a 16GB device, and no option to expand it with cheap
memory cards. If you use a tablet for web browsing, watching video, emails and
playing big-name games - most of which have Android versions as good as Apple
ones - then these devices hold their own against the Mini.

KitKat or Lollipop? All here bar the Nexus 9 run Android 4.4 - aka KitKat - the
second mostrecent version of Google's operating system. It's featurepacked,
although anyone used to Apple software will think it a little messy, especially
should you venture into the needlessly complicated settings. Version 5 - aka
Lollipop - brings a minimalist and attractive new look to the software,
particularly if in the main you use Google's own apps, such as Gmail and Chrome,
which have benefited from a similar makeover.

