

Get the pure Google experience on the new LG G PadThe post Google Play Edition
of LG G Pad with KitKat announced appeared first on tbreak.

The LG G Pad 8.3 from LG Electronics will be the first device ever to be
designated a Google Play Edition tablet. Google's first Android Open Source
Project (AOSP) tablet will feature the latest Android operating system, Android
4.4, KitKat. The LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play Edition reference device will be
available for purchase starting today in the United States on Google Play.

With the combination of KitKat's Full-screen Immersive mode and LG's stunning
1920 x 1200 WUXGA Full HD IPS display, this special edition of LG G Pad 8.3
offers an optimal viewing experience. Apps can utilize every pixel on the G Pad
8.3 screen to create full-bleed UIs reaching edge to edge. With the ability to
hide the system UI such as the status bar and navigation bar, this feature is
ideal for rich visual content such as photos, videos, maps, books and games.

"LG's working relationship with Google has always been strong and our
collaboration on the first-ever Google Play Edition tablet is proof of that
commitment," said Dr. Jong-seok Park, President and CEO of the LG Electronics
Mobile Communications Company. "The LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play Edition is a device
with hardware and software that has been optimized for a truly consumer-friendly
experience. There's nothing else like it out there in the marketplace."

The LG G Pad 8.3 was designed based on insights from consumers resulting in a
compact, modern-looking device accentuating sleek lines and subtle curves for
comfortable holding with one hand. The powerful 1.7GHz Quad-Core Qualcomm
Snapdragon(TM) 600 CPU and 4,600mAh battery provide both performance and
long-life between charges.

The LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play Edition will be available in glossy Indigo Black
for USD 349.99. Availability in other countries has not yet been determined at
this time.

Key Specifications:

· Processor: 1.7GHz Quad-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon(TM) 600 Processor

· Operating System: Android(TM) 4.4, KitKat

· Display: 8.3-inch Full HD IPS WUXGA (1920 x 1200 pixels / 273 ppi)

· Memory: 16GB eMMC

· RAM: 2GB LPDDR2

· Camera: Rear 5.0MP / Front 1.3MP

· Battery: 4,600mAh

· Connectivity: Wi-Fi

· Size: 216.8 x 126.5 x 8.3mm

· Weight: 338g

· Colors: Indigo Black

The post Google Play Edition of LG G Pad with KitKat announced appeared first on
tbreak.

<p class='syndigate_disclaimer'>COPYRIGHT 2013 TBREAK MEDIA.

