

The Moto G could replace the Nexus 5 as the best value for money smartphone
available today. Way to steal your own thunder Google!

Thursday, November 14, 2013: The big news on Wednesday (13 November) was the
launch of the Moto G smartphone by the Google owned company. Motorola is
seemingly taking on competitors in the entry level smartphone market, trying to
cash in on the nearly half a billion customers in this segment.

At the launch, Motorola CEO Dennis Woodside explained how entry level
smartphones compromise on quality or features in order to come at a low price.
He event cited a certain Galaxy Phone to prove his point. According to Woodside,
the Moto G is an entry level smartphone, which can compete with the iPhone 5S in
some aspects.

In its specifications, the hero of the device is the 11.4-cm (4.5-inch) 720
pixel display with Gorilla Glass protection. The device is powered by a 1.2 GHz
Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 quad core processor and has 1 GB of RAM. In addition, it
also has a 5 mega pixel rear camera and a 1.3 mega pixel front camera. It
currently runs the Android 4.3 Jelly Bean operating system, but Motorola has
promised a KitKat upgrade by January 2014. Interestingly, this is also the time
when the phone is expected to arrive in India.

Currently, the Moto G is scheduled to go on sale in Brazil and in some parts of
Europe. The company said that it would be available in Latin America, other
parts of Europe, Canada and some parts of Asia in the next few weeks. It will be
launched in the US, Middle East, India and in some other parts of Asia in
January.

The smartphone is priced at a competitive $179 for the 8 GB variant and $199 GB
for the 16 GB variant in the US market. Both the prices are off contract. It
also draws from Motorola's efforts towards a customisable smartphone with
interchangeable Motorola Shells and Flip Shells available in seven different
colours. In addition, there are also Grip Shells available in five colours.

Moto G buyers will get an additional 50 GB of free storage on Google Drive for
two years as well. The full specifications of the device are as follows.

* Android 4.3 Jelly Bean (Android 4.4 KitKat update arriving in January 2014)

* 11.4-cm (4.5-inch) LCD with 1280x720p resolution

* Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 quad-processor at 1.2GHz (MSM 826, Adreno 305)

* 1GB of RAM, 8GB/ 16GB internal storage, two free years of 50GB on Google Drive
cloud storage

* 2,070 mAh battery (non-removable)

* 5MP rear camera with LED flash, 1.3MP front camera

* Networks: GSM (850/900/1800/1900 MHz); UMTS (850/900/1700/1900/2100 MHz); CDMA
(850/1900 MHz)

* Wi-Fi b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0, GPS/GLONASS

Watch the Hands On video done by Engadget below.

