

Computer specialist Tobias Weyand and his colleagues at Google have come up with
a deep-learning platform codenamed PlaNet. They have trained the system to
figure out locations where pictures have been captured on the basis of visual
cues. The project is interesting and it has showcased amazingly high degree of
accuracy in detecting places where images were taken. The system is improving
with time, said Google research team member Weyand.

The specialists at Google began by dividing up the globe into a grid, leaving
aside the oceans and polar region. MIT Technology Review reported that
thereafter, they formed a database for PlaNet, containing 126 million
geo-located pictures taken from the Internet.

PlaNet is an artificial neural network, thus it can learn. So the experts taught
the network how to recognize a picture's location on the grid only with the help
of information present in the pixels.

For testing the accuracy of PlaNet, Weyand and his team fed it 2.3 million
geo-tagged Flickr pictures. Then, PlaNet lessened 48% of them to the right
continent, 28.4% to the right country, 10.1% to the right city, and 3.6% to the
real street.

With further improvement, PlaNet can exactly locate every single random picture
on a map, however, it has to consider many other factors and pixels in pictures.
In some cases, the system makes wrong guess about location.

Though the findings might not seem all that great initially, they became
extraordinary when the tech giant team pitted their machine opposed to 10 smart,
well-traveled humans. The machine managed to win over 50% of the rounds and had
better accuracy.

The team wrote in their abstract regarding the system, "PlaNet outperforms
previous approaches and even attains superhuman levels of accuracy in some
cases".

According to the team, PlaNet doesn't need a lot of memory, either. MIT
Technology Review reported that the model uses just 377 MB, which means it could
be easily loaded on a smartphone.

PlaNet has distinct abilities, and it could end up being like a Shazam for
picture locations. A user can run, Carmen Sandiego, but can't stay out of sight
of the Google machine.

A report published in the TheVerge said, Google's latest deep-learning program
can figure out where a photo was taken just by looking at it. The program,
called PlaNet, was trained to recognize locations based on details in a photo by
looking at over 90 million geotagged images taken from the internet. That means,
for instance, that PlaNet can determine a particular photo was taken in Paris
because it recognizes the Eiffel Tower.

But most humans can do that too. What sets PlaNet apart is that it can use its
deep-learning techniques to determine the locations of photos without
distinctive landmarks, like the random roads and houses below.

"One would expect that these cues, especially street signs, together with world
knowledge and common sense, should give humans an unfair advantage over PlaNet,
which was trained solely on image pixels and geolocations. Yet PlaNet was able
to outperform humans by a considerable margin," the researchers boast,"
according to a news report published by ZDNet.

To improve its geolocation abilities even further, for images that lack
sufficient visual cues, the researchers trained the machine to do 'sequence
location' -- that is, exploiting the way photos are often taken in sequences and
so the system uses entire photo albums.

In a report published by the Discovery, "PlaNet outperforms previous approaches
and even attains superhuman levels of accuracy in some cases," the team wrote in
their abstract about the machine. You can test your own abilities with online
games like GeoGuessr. Might want to set an alarm first, though, because that one
is kind of addictive.

I remember trying out Google Googles several years ago and quickly realized it
was mostly limited to displaying info about well-known places. PlaNet has
different potential. The technology could end up being like a Shazam for photo
locations. You can run, Carmen Sandiego, but you can't hide from the Google
machine.

