

1. Acer C720 Chromebook

Price: Rs 24,990

The first Chromebook to officially launch in India comes with an 11.6-inch
display (1366 x 768 pixels). It can boot up in under 7 seconds and is powered by
an Intel Celeron processor; 2GB RAM with 16GB SSD storage. Weighing just 1.25kg,
it runs Google Chrome OS and offers free 100GB of Google Drive storage for two
years to the users. Ports include one USB 3.0, one USB 2.0, HDMI and a card
reader.

2. HTC Desire 500

Price: Rs 24,290

HTC Desire 500: With a 4.3-inch (800 x 480 pixels) display, the Desire 500 is
powered by a 1.2Ghz Qualcomm Snapdragon 200 processor. Its 8MP camera uses HTC's
Image chip processor for stills and HD video recording. Other hardware
specifications include 1GB RAM, 4GB storage, microSD slot and a 1,800mAh
battery. The smartphone runs Android 4.1 with HTC's latest Sense UI 5 and also
has Beats audio enhancement.

3. Amkette TruBeats Speaker

Price: Rs 1,295 onwards

Amkette has forayed into the audio category with two speakers - Metal and Solo.
Metal is a Bluetooth speaker designed to produce loudest sounds from its compact
size. It also has built-in microphone for voice calls. The Solo is available in
wired and wireless variants. The wired version has a unity jack system to
connect with other Solo speakers to create a chain for louder audio output,
while the wireless Solo has built in Bluetooth for connectivity.

4. Canon EOS 70D

Price: Rs 79, 995 (Body only)

The 70D comes with Dual pixel CMOS AF technology that offers improved live view
focus and improved autofocus. It has a 20MP APS-C size CMOS sensor, Digic 5+
image processor, 19 point cross type AF points and ISO up to 25600. Capable of
recording video in full HD resolution, the DSLR weighs 755 grams and comes with
a 3.2-inch articulating touchscreen. Other features include built-in WiFi,
built-in flash, HDMI and a battery life of 920 shots on full charge.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

