

Battery and storage

The Samsung Ativ S values practicality over aesthetics in its design. Its
removable case makes it easy for you to replace the battery with a spare should
the juice run dry. It also allows you to insert a microSD card to expand the
phone's storage capacity.

Speaker

Unfortunately, the phone's speaker is placed at the rear bottom area. When you
hold the phone, your palm will block the speaker, resulting in muffled audio.

Placing the phone on the table does not help as the speaker will be firing
downwards onto its surface. Your best bet is to use a pair of wired or
Bluetooth-enabled earphones.

Display

Among the Windows Phone 8 line-up of devices, the Ativ S takes the lead with its
massive 4.8-inch display. But with a larger display and a screen resolution of
720 x 1,280 pixels, you get a lower display density of 306 pixels per inch.
Nonetheless, its Super Amoled display technology, which is generally more power
efficient and delivers richer colours, enhances its display prowess.

Physical buttons

The power and camera buttons are situated on the right of the device. Locating
them is relatively easy as the buttons are sufficiently raised from the surface.

Start button

Unlike most Windows Phone devices, the Samsung smartphone chose to use a
physical key for its Start button, while its back and
search keys remain as touch-sensitive buttons. A physical button is much easier
to click but repeated clicking may result in a damaged button.

Tips & tricks

Shared Google calendars

If you have shared calendars in your Google account, here are some extra steps
to take before they show up on your phone:

1. Launch Internet Explorer on your Windows phone, then go to M.google.com/sync
and sign in to your Google account.

2. Select your Windows Phone device. By default, it should be named Windows
Phone.

3. Select the additional calendars.

4. Click on the Start button, swipe left and down until you find Settings.
Select Email+Account, press and hold on Google account and select Sync. Your
shared Google calendars will now appear in the Calendar hub.

Automatic photo upload

Switch on Automatic Photo Uploads if you want to ensure that your photos are
accessible from your phone and any PC when you log in to your SkyDrive account.

Be warned that this may also jack up your data usage. If you wish to keep your
data usage in check, keep this function switched off. You can do this via
Settings, then Backup and turning it off in the Photos option.

Multi-tasking

As in earlier versions, you activate multi-tasking by holding down the Back
button on your Windows Phone. This will bring up the thumbnails of recently used
apps on your phone.

Only up to seven apps will be listed, so you will have to go back to your Start
screen to find apps that were opened much earlier.

Clicking on the back button will let you exit and close an app, allowing another
app to be featured on the multi-task menu.

Selecting the app in the multi-task menu will bring you back to the exact point
where you left off, so if you were conversing halfway in WhatsApp, it will bring
you back to the conversation.

However, if you were to return to the Start screen and enter the app, you will
not continue where you left off. This is inconvenient.

Downloading apps

Apps and games are deposited quite differently on Windows Phone. All apps are
found under the app list, which is accessed by swiping left on the Start screen.
Games are stored separately under the Games hub, which is also linked to your
Xbox gamertag.

Apps can also be pushed to your phone via the Windows Phone store website. But
you will need to allow push notifications on your Windows Phone before you can
send apps to that device. Go to Settings, followed by Find My Phone. Select Send
Apps To My Phone Using Push Notifications.

