
ABSTRACT

Meet the iPad Mini, Nook HD and Windows Phone 8.

FULL TEXT

Hollywood studios try to avoid opening big movies on the same weekend, to avoid
diluting the buzz and the news coverage. ''Oh, no - we can't open that day,''
one might say. '' 'Titanic II: The Return' is opening that weekend.''

That is usually the way it works with technology companies, too, especially as
the holiday shopping season begins.

This year, though, a barrage of huge technology announcements all landed within
about a week. Windows 8.   Microsoft's Surface. The iPad Mini. Google's
Chromebook. The Barnes & Noble Nook HD. Windows Phone 8. A 10-inch Samsung
tablet and a new Google phone.

Meet the iPad Mini, Nook HD and Windows Phone 8.

The iPad Mini  The rumors were true: Apple now has a smaller iPad.

The iPad Mini is half the weight of the big iPad (0.7 pounds versus 1.4, or 318
grams versus 635), thinner (0.28 inch versus 0.37, or 7 millimeters versus 9
millimeters), shorter (7.9 inches versus 9.5) and narrower (5.3 inches versus
7.3). Those specifications add up to one towering meta-change: You can
comfortably hold this iPad in one hand. It is still too wide for a blazer
pocket, alas, but it certainly fits in a purse or overcoat pocket.

It is available in white-and-silver and black-on-black, both with metal backs,
both gorgeous.

Apple's masterstroke was keeping the screen shape and resolution the same as on
the iPad 2 (1,024 by 768 pixels). As a result, the Mini can run all 275,000
existing iPad apps unmodified, plus 500,000 more iPhone apps. The text and
graphics are a little smaller, but perfectly usable.

Sadly, the Mini does not gain Apple's supercrisp Retina display. Nobody's going
to complain about the sharpness - it packs in 163 pixels per inch - but it is
not the same jaw-dropping resolution as the big iPad (264 ppi). Gotta hold
something back for next year, right?

You pay $330 for the base model (16 gigabytes of storage, Wi-Fi connections).

Prices run all the way up to $660 for four times the storage and the option to
go online over the cell network.

The Mini's price allows the $200 class of seven-inch Android tablets and readers
to live (Google Nexus, Kindle Fire HD, Nook HD). Those tablets also have
high-definition screens (1,280 by 800 pixels), which the Mini does not.

But the iPad Mini is a classier, more attractive, thinner machine. It has two
cameras instead of one. Its fit and finish are far more refined. And above all,
it offers that colossal app catalog, which Android tablet owners can only dream
about.

Over all, the Mini gives you all the iPad goodness in a more manageable size,
and it is awesome. You could argue that the iPad Mini is what the iPad always
wanted to be.

Barnes & Noble Nook HD  The redesign of this $200 e-book reader/video player
focuses on the three things that matter most in a hand-held e-book reader:
weight, size and screen clarity.

In those ways, the Nook HD trounces its nemeses, Amazon's Kindle Fire HD and
Google's Nexus 7. The Nook is lighter (11.1 ounces, or 315 grams, versus 12 for
the Nexus and 13.9 for the Kindle) and noticeably narrower, despite the
same-size screen, because it has a far slimmer bezel. You can wrap your hand
around its back, even if you are dainty of hand.

And the screen is much sharper: 1,440 by 900 pixels (versus 1,280 by 800). At
243 dots ppi, the Nook's screen comes dangerously close to the iPad Retina's 264
ppi. Wow, is this screen sharp. Movies, books and magazines pop.

Whites are so white on this screen, it could be a bleach commercial; the Nexus
and Kindle screens look yellowish in comparison. (A 9-inch, $270 version, the
Nook HD+, is also available.)

The software continues to improve. You can now create as many as six accounts,
one for each family member, each listing different books and movies. (It does
not remember where each person stopped reading a given book, but the company
says that is coming soon.)

The base-model, $200 Nook comes with only 8 gigabytes of storage - half as much
as the Kindle; on the other hand, it has a memory-card slot, so it is simple and
costs little to expand. The Nook includes a wall charger (it cannot charge from
a USB jack), which the Kindle does not. And the Nook does not display ads, as
the $200 Kindle does.

However, there is no camera at all. (The company says it spent the money on the
nicer screen.) And the speaker volume is way too low during movie playback, but
B&N says a fix is coming this week.

Still, in the hardware war, Nook HD clearly wins this round. It is fast, fluid
and gorgeous; the Fire HD lags in all of those categories.

Then again, Amazon's movie service - rent, buy or stream free as part of the
$80-a-year Prime program - is mature and delightful; Barnes & Noble's movie
store is just starting up. If you can tolerate that fledgling store awhile, then
you will love the way the company exploited its second-mover advantage.

Windows Phone 8  The good news in touch screens continues with Windows Phone 8.
It is what you will get on sleek coming phones like the Nokia Lumia 920 and
HTC's Windows Phone 8X (the one I tested).

Microsoft's Windows Phone 7 - a fresh, colorful, efficient, tile-based
alternative to the icon-based design of iPhone and Android - earned rave
reviews. But few phones run it and few people have it.

Windows Phone 8 may look identical, but the company says it is a complete
rewrite based on underlying code from Windows 8 for PCs. It is therefore ready
for far more hardware flexibility than 7 was: multicore processors, screens with
different resolutions, phones with memory cards and so on.

The Start screen is more customizable; you can choose from three different tile
sizes. Apps can modify your Lock screen automatically; for example, the Groupon
app might display a special offer that is tailored to where you are right now.

If you swipe leftward from the Lock screen, you enter Kid Corner, an inspired
idea. It is a quarantined world containing only apps, music and videos that you
handpick for your offspring. Next time you hear, ''I'm bored - can I play on
your phone?'' you can hand the phone over without worry; the phone, Web and text
messages are off limits.

More solid improvements: The desktop software can load the phone with your
iTunes music and video libraries. ''Rooms'' are private groups - Bowling
Buddies, Teen Party and so on - whose members can share their locations,
calendars, photos and chats. You can now back up the phone online.

Two juicy features are promised: a ''pay with your phone'' option brought to you
by NFC, or near-field communication, chips in phones, and Data Sense, which
tries to conserve Internet data and monitors your monthly allotment.

Microsoft's phone software is fast, simple and beautiful. But it still lacks
universal dictation for quick text entry. Its new Maps app does not offer spoken
directions (in 2012? seriously?). And the audience will not come until there are
more great apps.

There are promising signs; Microsoft says that there are 110,000 Windows Phone
apps and that software companies can reuse chunks of code from their Windows 8
programs. That should make it easier to bring new apps to the phone.

So there you have it: three touch-screen technology toys, each triumphant in its
own way. One comes from a market leader hoping to swipe business from its
bargain-basement rivals; two come from underdogs determined to make a bigger
dent.

None of these products are themselves perfect. But they represent new highs on
the graph that plots price against polish and pleasure - and for gadget lovers,
that portends some very merry holidays indeed.

