

Pixel is their attempt to create a Chromebook that the boss would be proud to
take home.

In terms of design, theGoogleGOOG ) folks have achieved their goal. The Pixel is
thinner and lighter thanAppleAAPL )'s comparable MacBook Pro, but feels just as
sturdy. Like the Apple laptops, the Pixel's case is made from aluminum, not from
the plastic found on the less-expensive Chromebooks. The Pixel has sharper edges
and is much more rectangular than the MacBook Pros, which gives it a sleek,
modern look.

The Pixel takes another page from Apple by including a high-resolution screen
similar to Apple's "Retina" display. In fact, the Pixel's screen is even higher
resolution than those in Apple's new MacBook Pros. It's beautiful and bright,
making text and pictures super-sharp.

But Google has also looked beyond Apple for inspiration. The Pixel features a
touch screen like those found in many of the latest Windows laptops. And it
includes a powerfulIntelINTC ) Core i5 processor, which is standard fare on
Apple and Windows-based notebooks, but is unique for a Chromebook.

The processor makes a difference. While the Samsung Chromebook I recently tested
felt sluggish, the Pixel is snappy and responsive, instantly resuming from sleep
and quickly switching among tabbed Web pages.

The Pixel also offers some uncommon features. One model includes an LTE radio,
which provides a fast Internet connection when you aren't near a Wi-Fi hotspot.
That model also includes a limited amount of monthly broadband access from
Verizon for two years.

All models of the Pixel come with 1 terabyte of space on the Google Drive cloud
storage service for free for three years. That's a bargain, because Google
typically charges $50 a month for that much space.

But despite all of its bells and whistles, the Pixel is still a Chromebook and
suffers the same limitations as the others.

Because Chrome is designed to run Web-based apps, the operating system lacks
many popular PC applications. You won't find Skype, for example, or Photoshop or
many high-end video games. And if you need to use special software for work or
to connect to a device in your house, you can almost be certain that software
won't be available for Chrome.

That lack of applications means you simply can't do as much with a Chromebook as
you can with a Mac or Windows PC. If you're spending only $250 for a basic
Chromebook, that shortcoming is acceptable. But it's not when you're spending
$1,300, which is the starting price of the Pixel. For that money, you can get a
very nice Windows machine or Apple's MacBook Air.

And some of the Pixel's embellishments that help to drive up its price seem
unnecessary. The touch screen in particular seems to have little use. Google
hasn't redesigned Chrome's interface to take advantage of the touch screen. And
unlike some of the new Windows notebooks, the Pixel's screen doesn't detach or
fold back on itself, so you can't use the device like a tablet.

While the screen is wonderful, it has one huge drawback: it drains the device's
battery. Google says users should see up to five hours of battery life from the
Pixel. That's already less than you'd get on many of the latest Mac or Windows
laptops. But in my testing, the battery life wasn't even as good as advertised;
I got around 4 1/2 hours of use at best.

So while I understand Google's impulse and appreciate the Pixel's design and
display, I'm not convinced that anyone yet needs a premium Chromebook.

Contact Troy Wolverton at 408-840-4285 or twolverton@mercurynews.com Follow him
at www.mercurynews.com/troy-wolverton or Twitter.com/troywolv.

What: Google Chromebook Pixel laptop
Likes: High-resolution screen; fast processor; solid-feeling aluminum body;
sleek, modern design; optional LTE radio; 1 terabyte of free space on Google
Drive
Dislikes: Pricey; lacks access to certain popular PC programs; doesn't take
advantage of included touch screen; relatively short battery life.
Specs: 1.8 GHz, dual-core Intel Core i5 processor; 12.85-inch, 2560 x 1700 pixel
screen; 4GB memory.
Price: $1,300 for Wi-Fi-only model with 32GB storage; $1,450 for model with LTE
radio, Wi-Fi and 64GB of storage.
Web:www.chromebook.com

