

Google's unveiled its super-slim Nexus 7 - and with its excellent specifications
and killer price tag, this tablet will be a serious contender against the iPad
Mini.

It has been a year since Google released its firstgen Nexus and once again the
web firm has teamed up with Asus to build the revamped device.

Speaking at the Nexus 7 launch in California, Google's Android Product
Management Vice President Hugo Barra revealed they are trying to follow up with
another "big hit". And judging by first impressions, it looks like they've
nailed it.

The Nexus 7 boasts the world's highest resolu- ation screen for a tablet - a
198200 display that offers twice the amount of pixels per inch than the iPad
Mini.

The screen is ideal for gaming and HD video thanks to its 16:9 aspect ratio,
compared to the iPad Mini's 4:3 ratio.

A 5MP rear-facing camera has been added to the Nexus 7 for the first time, a
feature the original one lacked and was seriously criticised for, with a 1.2mp
camera at the front.

It has been fitted with a speedy 1.5Ghz processor and 2GB of RAM which will make
applications, games and videos run smoother than ever, compared to the iPad
Mini's Apple A5 (1 Ghz).

One game-changing new feature on the Nexus 7 is wireless charging.

Users will be able to place their tablet on to a charging pad without the need
of any cables.

The Nexus 7 will be the first gadget to have Google's new operating system Jelly
Bean running on Android 4.3 installed on it, which will allow even more
customisation for users.

The updated operating system also has a new safety feature - a 'child mode' that
will stop kids from running up massive bills.

Barra said: "We're adding multi user so that parents can restrict their child's
access content and in-app purchases. You can hide all of the purchasing
functions with restricted profiles."

Winner Google claims the Nexus 7 has about nine hours of HD video playback and
ten hours of browsing the web or e-reading - similar to the iPad Mini.

Barra explained: "Even with more than twice the pixels and double the
performance, you get an extra hour - up to nine hours of video, and ten hours of
web surfing."

Pricewise, the Nexus 7 should be around '180 (it has been released in the States
at $229) making it the clear winner over the iPad Mini's '339 price tag.

The Nexus 7 is expected to be released sometime in September.

