

Apple has become the biggest company in the world by inventing products we
didn't know we needed. The iPod, the iPhone and the iPad opened up new areas of
technology and left rivals flailing in Apple's wake. But the ride couldn't
continue for ever, which is why last week the company had to do something it
hasn't done in years: play catch-up.

The iPad Mini is a 7.9in version of Apple's market-leading full-size tablet, and
it's here because smaller tablets from Google and Amazon have been runaway
successes. The late Steve Jobs, Apple's co-founder, had described the idea of
small tablets as "dead on arrival", and half-jokingly added that a
smaller-screen iPad wouldn't work because people would have to file down their
fingertips to use it. But The Sunday Times went hands-on with the new gadget at
its launch in San Jose, California, and we think it's eminently usable - and our
fingers remain intact.

At 7.9in from corner to corner, the iPad Mini's display is almost an inch larger
than those of its two closest rivals, the Asus/Google Nexus 7 and the Kindle
Fire HD. But the screen appears far bigger by nearly filling the front of the
device, with only a thin frame around it. Normally this would mean you would be
brushing the touchscreen inadvertently as you held it, but Apple's neat solution
is "thumb rejection": the software knows that a touch at the edge of the display
will be your thumb and ignores it, while simultaneously allowing you to operate
the screen with your other hand. Other tablets guard against this with a wider
frame, but this solution is much more elegant.

At 7.2mm thick, the Mini is thinner than all its small-form Android tablet
rivals, and at 308g it is lighter too. You can hold it and use it with one hand
for long periods of time - something you can't do with the full-sized version.
And little of the bigger iPad's usability has been lost in the downsizing: the
display has the same pixel count as the iPad 2 (which remains on sale at
(EURO)399), and although the app icons are smaller and differently spaced, this
is merely a cosmetic change. It will run every app made for every iPad - all
275,000 of them.

If you've seen people struggling to hold up an iPad to take photographs, you'll
know the bigger tablet is not suited to use as a camera. The Mini - unlike the
Nexus 7 and Fire HD - has a 5MP camera on the back. With its smaller size and
shape, it sits better in the hand while you're snapping, but don't expect to see
a top photographer toting one.

The wi-fi version of the iPad Mini goes on sale on Friday and at first glance is
no bargain, starting at (EURO)339 - about (EURO)140 more than Google's model.
But the Nexus 7 has 8GB of storage; for a 16GB version, the same as Apple's
entry-level model, the Nexus 7 price is (EURO)240. Amazon's Kindle Fire HD looks
a good alternative, especially for its video playback capabilities, but it's not
on sale in Ireland just yet. A 3G version of the Mini will appear later in
November (from (EURO)469), and it will work on 4G when it eventually arrives
here.

Is Apple''s latest worth the extra money? Specifications aside, the iPad Mini is
by far the best-made small tablet. The Nexus 7 and Fire HD may look snazzy but
they feel plastic. The iPad Mini, with its aluminium back, is a step above.

And that's ultimately what Apple is selling. Not a bargain-basement iPad with a
smaller display, but a multimedia tablet that offers high screen quality plus
the exceptional user interface and appealing tactile quality of its full-size
cousins.

Often with Apple it can be worth waiting until the second version of its
products appear. The iPad 2 was a big leap forward, for example. But the
first-generation iPad Mini is a chic and powerful gadget - the best small tablet
on the market. Apple may be late to the party, but it has made a showstopping
entrance.

A CROWDED MARKET ENTRY LEVEL Ebook readers may have slow monochrome screens and
limited functions but they will get you online, to download books and journals,
at a bargain price Amazon 'Original' Kindle, (EURO)115 6in E Ink display, no
touchscreen, wi-fi only. Will hold up to 1,400 books. Battery life is
exceptional and it's unrivalled for its choice of books. amazon.co.uk Barnes &
Noble Nook Simple Touch, (EURO)100 7in E Ink display, touchscreen, wi-fi only.
Will hold about 1,000 books. It will be launched this week in Britain.

uk.nook.com MID-RANGE Smaller than a full-sized tablet but more versatile than a
simple ebook reader, 7in tablets are a great compromise option. The iPad Mini is
up against these two entrenched rivals Asus/Google Nexus 7, from (EURO)199 7in,
1280 x 800-pixel display, running Android, with 8GB or 16GB of memory. Wi-fi
only. Zippy, with a higher-resolution screen than the iPad Mini.

play.google.com/stor Amazon Kindle Fire HD, from Â£TBC 7in, 1280 x 800-pixel
display, running Android, with 16GB or 32GB of memory. It's not as fast as the
Nexus 7 but does link directly to Amazon's expansive online shops.

amazon.co.uk BLOW THE BUDGET At the top end of the market, the iPad is
challenged by Android and Windows tablets. The latter are fast and attractive
and run the new Windows 8, cleverly adapted for touchscreens ed) Asus Padfone 2,
from (EURO)799 (estimated) 10.1in, 1280 x 800-pixel display. Wi-fi and 3G.
Asus's Transformer Pad is the best of the pricier Android tablets, made up of a
screen and keyboard. The Padfone 2, coming soon, combines a Pad with a
smartphone that slots into the device. asus.co.uk rf f (EURO)500 Microsoft
Surface, from (EURO)500 10.6in, 1366 x 768-pixel display. Released last week,
it's wi-fi only at present. Memory goes from 32GB to 64GB. Windows 8 runs
smoothly on this well-made tablet; an extra (EURO)120 gets you a smart cover cum
keyboard. microsoft.co.uk The iPad Mini goes on sale on Friday. It starts at
(EURO)339 for a 16GB wi-fi version. The 'wi-fi plus cellular' version, out a few
weeks later, starts at (EURO)469 The cellular version's Sim card slot will get
the tablet onto any Irish 3G network, but for 4G you will have to wait for the
outcome of the state-led bidding process The new tablet's screen is made up of
1024 x 768 pixels. That's not enough to qualify as a Retina display, on which
Apple says the eye cannot pick out individual pixels The iPad Mini runs the same
iOS 6 software as Apple's iPhone and full-size iPad, and works with the 275,000
apps optimised for the iPad The tablet uses Apple's new Lightning connector -
bad news for owners of speakers and docks designed for the previous 30-pin
technology

