

1 What do you think was the most remarkable thing that happened this week'

As we come off a week of bond defaults and presidential election skirmishes, it
would be a nice change to look at something new and shiny. Incidentally, a nice
change is what Google is offering consumers this week.

On Tuesday, the Internet giant launched its Pixel phone in San Francisco. It
unveiled two variations - the Pixel and Pixel XL, with a five-inch and 5.5-inch
display, respectively. Pre-orders have begun in Australia, Canada, Germany,
Britain, and the United States. The phones are priced from US$649 in the US. So
far, there has been no word on when it will be sold in Singapore.

2 Why is this a big deal'

Dubbed "Pixel, phone by Google", the phone is the first one to bear the
behemoth's branding, even though HTC actually manufactures it. Up till now,
Google's phones had been under the Nexus brand.

The Pixel will be fresh and overdue competition, given how the smartphone
business has mostly become a two-company game played by Apple and Samsung. Both
dominant players have tested consumers' goodwill this year. Apple eliminated
standard headphone jacks from its new phones, and Samsung produced some
smartphones that caught fire.

Google clearly has its eye on Apple's and Samsung's shares of the pie. The Pixel
pointedly comes with an adaptor that lets you transfer your data from your
iPhone or another Android device.

The smartphone battle with Google will be more evenly matched than the
skirmishes involving other smaller handset makers. Unlike those players, Google
has already woven itself into the fabric of modern existence with services such
as Gmail, Google Drive and YouTube.

Also, what is remarkable about this development is not so much the Pixel phone
itself, but what Google is doing with artificial intelligence (AI) and virtual
reality (VR). On Tuesday, Google unveiled its US$79 VR headset, called Daydream
View, which works with the Pixel phones. The headset might not be the last word
on such devices, but could touch off a long and steady evolution of products in
that space.

Google Assistant, the voice-activated feature that comes with the Pixel, is
powered by AI and will compete with iPhone's Siri. The assistant will also
appear in Google Home, a voice-activated gadget going on sale in November, and
eventually, in a multitude of digital devices.

Between Google's advances in speech-recognition and AI technology, and its iron
grip on search results, the world could soon be intoning not just "Ok Google",
but "Whatever you want, Google".

3 Did you see this coming'

Who didn't? The Pixel's pre-launch period was leakier than a balloon that had
been pulled over a durian. Photos of the handsets were accidentally leaked, as
were details such as display sizes and the location of the fingerprint sensor on
the back of the handsets.

4 Should anyone be worried? Or excited'

It is hard to imagine smartphone makers doing cartwheels this week, as they are
already scrabbling for territory in an increasingly fragmented market. Google's
Pixel also means more competition for other phones that use its mobile operating
system, Android.

Also, the smartphone market is now a tougher place for all players. Today's
handset race is about small and incremental improvements, instead of
revolutionary leaps. It has become more difficult for a new model to
differentiate itself from its predecessor, even if it comes out of Apple or
Samsung.

5 What happens next'

While there are now more smartphone brands than you can shake a fire
extinguisher at, there is no particular handset that is the Platonic Ideal of
the Smartphone.

It remains to be seen if the Pixel will claim this title, but it is the most
promising challenger to Apple and Samsung, to date. That in itself is
refreshing.

For what it's worth, the Pixel comes with a cutting-edge 3.5mm headset jack. Is
it the smartphone that Gotham deserves? Who knows. But it is the one that it
needs right now.

