

Holding everything from highly personal medical and social media material to
confidential financial and corporate documents, Internet-based cloud services
are gathering an enormous trove of information   already a quarter of the
world's business data   that is provinga powerful lure for hackers .

Troy Wolverton reviews Google's Chrome Pixel: Despite all of its bells and
whistles, the Pixel is still a Chromebook and suffers the same limitations as
the others.

GoldieBlox, anengineering toy for young girls , is the brainchild of Stanford
graduate and engineer-turned-entrepreneur Debbie Sterling, who wants to teach
girls basic engineering skills and encourage them to pursue jobs in the
male-dominated industry.

Mike Cassidy writes : When Stanford's Andrew Ng and Daphne Koller started
Coursera they didn't realize just how powerful a movement they were joining. By
taking a Coursera course, I'm beginning to see how massive open online courses
hold the promise to change the way the world learns.

Larry Magid is a judge for a contest that encourages young people to explore the
benefits of technology. And he writes: Thanks to a bill passed by the House of
Representatives last week, Congress is on the verge of creating a competition to
encourage students to create mobile and computer "apps" that demonstrate their
mastery of science, technology, education and mathematics.

A San Jose federal judge on Fridayslashed about $450 million from the $1 billion
award Apple won last August in its patent feud with Samsung, the latest in a
series of decisions weakening Apple's legal assault on its smartphone and tablet
rival.

Facebook is planning an event this weekto show off a new look for its signature
"News Feed" page , in the latest of several moves the company has made to
bolster its business and keep users coming back to the social networking site.

Seagate Technology on Fridayunveiled a $180 million cutting-edge research and
development complex at the former Solyndra solar factory in Fremont, a site the
company will use to invent next-generation disk drives.

Activist investor David Einhornwithdrew his lawsuit against Apple on Friday,
after the company pulled the proposal at the center of the court battle from the
agenda of its recent shareholders meeting.

The federal government announced Friday it willseek private bids for the
restoration and reuse of Moffett Field's Hangar One , giving fans of the
Depression-era structure a reason to cheer

Mercury News interview : Don Faught, new president of the California Association
of Realtors, talks about the housing crash and nascent recovery.

