

KEEPING TABS
SOME 'SMART' TABLETS FOR THE MULTI-TASKING YOU

Acer Iconia

Acer unveiled the second generation Acer Iconia B1 with a new pure and simple
design, increased performance and additional 3G(2) data connection option,
setting a new standard for a tablet targeted at young or new users or families
looking for an additional tablet for their children. The Iconia B1 is also ideal
for busy individuals seeking a convenient mobile companion.

Google Nexus 7

For the woman on the go, here's a tablet that's a handy companion. Thin, light
and portable, the 7-inch tablet has an all-day battery life. With up to 32GB
storage and the option to add mobile date, you can take even more of your
favourite content with Google Play with you anywhere.

Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0

It is all set to 'move you'. Say hello to the new Note 8.0, your everyday
companion in the dos and don'ts of life. With well-connected nimble performance
and the natural feel of a S pen, it's perfectly sized to always be there with
you, at a moment's notice. Scribble a thought, sketch out a concept, organise
your ideas and express your creativity wherever inspiration may strike.

Ipad Mini

"There's less of it, but no less to it," goes the tagline for the new iPad Mini.
It has everything you love about the iPad - the beautiful screen, fast and fluid
performance, Face Time and iSight cameras. Plus think of the thousands of
amazing apps you can download. Another 'up' in your favour is the 10-hour
battery life. And at just 7.2 millimetres, it's pencil-thin and unbelievably
light. Got any questions to ask? Just ask Siri!

Sony Tablet P

It has a dual screen for maximum mobility while being convenient and easy to
use. Which also means more can be done on the go with two 13.9 cm (5.5") touch
screens, 1GB RAM, MicroSD card storage, ultra light and compact design, Wi-Fi
and 3G. Check it out!

SMART CHOICES
A LIST OF SMARTPHONES FOR WOMEN ON THE GO...

Samsung Galaxy S4

They are asking you to make your life richer, simpler, and more fun. Get a load
of the Airview feature that enables users to preview and scroll through e-mail,
control private photo gallery, music, or video clips and navigate the internet
hovering with fingers above the screen without the need to touch it. Moreover,
Galaxy S4 LTE employs two new features namely the smart pause and smart scroll,
the front-facing camera for eye tracking. A video can be paused by looking away
from the screen, a page can be scrolled by tilting the screen up or down while
looking at it up or down, right or left.

Nokia Lumia 925

The Nokia Lumia 925 introduces a metal design and showcases the latest PureView
camera innovation, new features and third party applications coming to the
range. The Nokia Lumia 925 includes the most advanced lens technology and next
generation imaging software to capture clearer, sharper pictures and video,
including the best low light images. It also features the new Nokia Smart Camera
mode, coming as an update to all LumiaWindows Phone 8 smartphones.

Samsung Galaxy Note II

The Samsung Galaxy Note II provides the perfect viewing experience with a large
5.5" HD Super AMOLED display. It offers better clarity and a 16:9 screen ratio -
perfecting all viewing experiences. The innovative design of the Galaxy Note II
includes a bigger screen while maintaining a slim body to fit just right in your
hand. Built with a 1.6 GHz quad-core processor and 3100mAh battery it empowers
to keep your mind at ease as you unleash your creativity.

Sony Xperia ZR

Here comes a sleek and durable smartphone with the highest level of
water-resistance for filming in Full HD underwater. The Sony Xperia ZR Android
smartphone offers leading technology and content with a 4.6" HD Reality display,
13 megapixel fast capture camera and QualcommÂ® SnapdragonTM S4 Pro quad-core 1.5
GHz processor.

Google Nexus 4

With your favourite Google Apps, an amazing Photo Sphere camera, cutting edge
hardware, and access to your favourite entertainment on Google Play - Nexus 4
puts the best of Google in the palm of your hand. Nexus 4 comes with the latest
version of Google Now to bring you just the right information at just the right
time. The phone comes with a high- performance 8MP camera and takes stunning
Photo Sphere images, letting you capture every detail of the world around you.

LG Optimus G Pro

LG Optimus G Pro is your personal share machine, helping you stay in the moment
with an immersive and expansive display, camera features that capture the
essence of a memory, processing power ready to fuel unparalleled experiences,
and on-device interactions like nothing you've ever seen before. Featuring a
screen so expansive, colours so accurate, and images so dazzling on a 5.5" Full
HD IPS Screen for Optimal Viewing of 1080p Video, Optimus G Pro delivers an
on-device immersive cinematic viewing experience. When there are no words, there
is the 13 MP Full HD camera.

iPhone 5

The new iPhone 5 sports a remarkably slim design which makes room for a larger
display and a faster chip. And also ultra-fast wireless that doesn't sacrifice
battery life. The four-inch retina display is cool and so is the 8MP camera.
With the new A6 chip, just about everything you do on iPhone 5 is noticeably
faster - up to twice as fast compared with the A5 chip. And it measures a mere
7.6 millimetres thin and weighs just 112 grams. It sure is an i-World after all!

THE BEST LAPTOPS IN THE MARKET - CHOOSE THE ONE THAT DEFINES YOU!

GAME CHANGERS

Dell XPS 13 Ultrabook

Dell's first Ultrabook is definitely one of the most talked about product of the
year with its stylish ultra-thin design. It offers users the option of Intel
Core i5 2467M or Intel Core i7 2637M, and comes with other basic specifications
like 4GB RAM and a 13.3" HD display. Quite economical in cost Dell has done a
great job - creating a perfect combination of high-end features, long lasting
performance with a stylish sleek exterior.

Apple MacBook Air 13-inch

It is called the 'ultimate everyday notebook' powerful enough to carry you
through the day. With the latest Intel Core i5 and i7 processors, up to 60 per
cent faster graphics, and faster flash storage, MacBook Air packs a lot of
features into an astonishing 2.38 pounds. Since space-saving flash storage
leaves room for a bigger battery, you can devote more time to the things you
enjoy most. Things like browsing the web, editing photos, and watching videos.

Chromebook Pixel

Nothing can be more confusing than choosing a good laptop, and if you are the
one who fusses even over the colours and the smallest feature then you're on
your own! Google's new touchscreen Chromebook Pixel has the highest pixel
density (239 pixels per inch); packed with 4.3 million pixels, the display
offers sharp text, vivid colours and extra-wide viewing angles. A touchscreen
laptop running Chrome OS, The laptop is meant to be a high-end device for the
power users and is definitely a must have.

Lenovo IdeaPad Yoga 13

It's versatile alright! We are talking of the Lenovo IdeaPad 13 that combines
the productivity of an UltrabookTM with the intuitive touch experience of a
tablet; the 13.3-inch Yoga 13 will give you the ultimate in versatility. Convert
between four modes to make the most of Windows 8 - any way you want, any time
you want.

Acer Aspire S7 Series

The Acer Aspire S7 Series has been hailed as the thinnest and lightest
Ultrabooks. As thin as a smartphone, the S7 is an iconic combination of r and
beauty. Taking advantage of the touch benefits associated with Windows 8, the
touch-enabled screen on the 13.3"S7 can be laid back flat 80 degrees, and the
image orientation reverses for easy touch-and-show sharing. Despite its
ultra-thin design, the Aspire S7 packs powerful technologies, including 3rd
generation Intel Core i5-3317UB or i7-3517U processors and solid state drives in
a RAID 0 configuration for extremely fast read/write times and quietness.
Power-packed, we must say!

Apple MacBook Pro with Retina Display

It's the world's highest-resolution notebook display. With over four million
pixels on the 13-inch display and over five million pixels on the 15-inch
display, the Retina Display on the MacBook Pro is an incredible engineering
feat. Other top- of-the-line features? All flash architecture, the fastest
mobile processors (the OS X Mountain Lion) the MacBook Pro with Retina Display
has everything you'd ask for from a notebook. To sum it up, it's thin, light and
powerful!

Samsung Series 9

It is super-slim at .51" thin and amazingly lightweight at 2.49lbs. The Series 9
is striking to look at, but it also sets a premium performance standard. With
extremely fast start-up speeds and nearly instant resume from sleep, the Series
9 lets you get even more done. The Series 9 isn't just a laptop, it's a game
changer. From the very moment you open the Series 9 be prepared to savour the
experience of the wow factor.

