

Most of us still think of Google as a search engine, but it's so much more than
that. It's a major cloud storage company through Google Drive and Photos, it's
the world's biggest e-mail provider thanks to Gmail, and its self-driving car
project has already ensured Google's place â[#x20ac]¨in history as an automotive
pioneer.

Now, the California-based tech juggernaut has signalled its intention to be a
serious player in the mobile communications and tech hardware space with the
release of a clutch of new gadgets and gizmos.

The headline items at the Tuesday launch event in San Francisco were its two
Pixel-branded smartphones.

Google's software heart already beats inside the majority of the world's
smartphones in the form of its Android operating system. But the Pixel and Pixel
XL were the first to be designed from the ground up by Google - both hardware
and software.

As Google chief executive Sundar Pichai put it, Pixel is the "first phone made
by Google, inside and out".

By all accounts they're top-notch devices with the build quality and specs (
Google claims the cameras are the best in a smartphone) to take on the flagship
phones from reigning heavyweights, Apple and Samsung.

Unfortunately, they're also priced to match, rather than beat, their
competitors, with the 5-inch Pixel starting at $649 (R8â[#x20ac][0/00]920) and
the 5.5-inch Pixel XL starting at $769. Those prices are for the versions with
32GB of internal storage. You'll need to add $100 to each for the 128GB
versions.

Within mere hours of the launch, Twitter and other social media were echoing
with howls of outrage from Google fans complaining that the company had priced
the devices too high.â[#x20ac]¨They have a point.

On specs alone, the Pixel phones may struggle in a head-to-head contest with
Samsung's Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge or Apple's new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Both competitors are water resistant while the Pixels are not, and both Samsung
and Apple will, I'm sure, contest Google's best smartphone camera claim.

But Google isn't competing on hardware and specs alone. Owners of the new Pixels
will get the latest updates to the Android operating system as soon as Google
releases them, instead of waiting months, sometimes forever, for third-party
manufacturers to roll them out.

And the Pixels will, for now, also be the only phones in the world to come with
Google's new artificial intelligence service, Google Assistant, built in.

Users can talk directly to Google Assistant to get information or perform tasks.

Think of it as a more powerful and human-like version of its existing Google Now
feature or Apple's Siri.

Gummi Hafsteinsson, a leader on the Assistant engineering team described it as a
natural progression of what Google's been doing for years. "Search has always
been about finding things, first with a text box you type into, then natural
language queries," he said.

"So now we're moving from a box you type into to more of a conversation with
Google, so we can help answer questions and get things done to help people
throughout the day."

Will that be enough to give the Pixels an edge over the other premium-priced
phones? Maybe. But against a wave of well made, high-specced newcomers from the
likes of Huawei and Xiaomi that cost significantly less - some have 90 percent
of the capability at half the price - I suspect Google may find them a tough
sell.

The Google Pixel and Pixel XL are already available for pre-order in the US, UK
and a handful of a other markets. There's no word yet on when they'll be
available in South Africa and at what price.

One device launched on Tuesday that I will be buying as soon as it's available
locally is Google Home, a compact table-top speaker that's been given a dose of
artificial intelligence (AI) courtesy of Google Assistant.

At $129 (R1â[#x20ac][0/00]800) its cheaper than the product it's clearly
designed to take on, Amazon's Echo - a runaway success in the US market but yet
not available in SA.

With the smarts of Google Assistant and the full power of the search giant's
knowledge banks at its disposal it's likely to trump the Echo in every
department except easy voice-powered ordering from Amazon, hardly a handicap in
â[#x20ac]¨my books.

Depending on your views on privacy, having a device in your kitchen, living room
or bedroom (or all three) that's waiting to respond to your every command
through its array of built in mics linked to the world's most powerful
publicly-available AI is either geek's dream come true or a dystopian nightmare
in the making.

As you've probably guessed, I'm in the geek dream camp. I already find Google
Now a hugely valuable tool and if Assistant takes that to the next level, I'll
happily welcome it into my home.

Feel free to say "I told you so" when the Terminators arrive.

lâ[#x20ac]¯Follow Alan Cooper on Twitter @alanqcooper for updates on local
availability and pricing of the Pixel phones and Google Home as well as the
Google Wi-Fi internet router, Daydream View VR headset and 4K Chromecast Ultra
also launched this past week.

