

Dubai

Motorola's Moto G is the best budget smartphone in the market that can compete
with high-end devices and is worth every penny.

I will not say it is very perfect but it has everything what an expensive phone
can do. Motorola has proven how a high-quality phone can be made at a
budget-friendly price.

The 4.5-inch IPS display has a resolution of 1280 x 720 pixels which translates
into 329 pixels per inch.  It is still higher than iPhone 5S' 326 pixels per
inch.

The screen is very bright, the text and images are ultra-clear. It is powered by
1.2GHz quad-core Snapdragon 400 processor with 1GB of RAM and 8GB of internal
storage. Out of the 8GB, only 5.5GB is available for users and it does not have
a microSD slot to increase the internal storage capacity.  Motorola gives 50GB
of Google Drive storage facility free for two years apart from the 15GB of free
cloud space for every registered user

It comes with Android 4.3 Jelly Bean out of the box and can be updated
immediately to Android 4.4.2 KitKat operating system.

The main advantage of this device is that it runs on stock Android and no
overlay of custom interface like found in other high-end smartphones.

The back is made of polycarbonate with curved edges and rubberized matt finish.
It is a bit heavy compared to others in the market and weighs 143 grams.

On the right side of the device houses the power and volume rocker buttons while
the 3.5mm headphone jack is on the top and the micro USB port is at the bottom.

The missing features are NFC, 4G LTE and wireless screen mirroring.

The two apps - Motorola Assist and Migrate - bundled into the Moto G is very
useful.

The Assist helps users to silence their device during sleep hours and only
selected contacts and multiple rings can go through. It can also silence the
phone during meeting by referring to your Google calendar.

Migrate lets users transfer their contacts, messages, settings from your old
phone. It is easy but only works with Android phones.

It is not a game heavy phone as it has a mid-range Adreno 305 GPU. But users can
play FIFA 14 and Real Racing 3 with settings turned to medium and not high.
Multi-tasking is very good and browsing heavy sites was easy with no lag.

The biggest disadvantage with this device is the camera. The 5MP camera with LED
flash light is mediocre.

The camera app is developed by Motorola. The app is very basic and by flicking
the left of the screen brings the menu dial. Flicking from right gives access to
gallery.

The menu is simple to use and has HDR mode, flash on/off, switch between
widescreen and normal, turn slow motion video, panorama, geotagging and silent
mode. No mode to adjust the ISO and exposure settings.

The camera takes decent snaps in decent daylight conditions. In bright daylight
conditions, the colours look washed out as in low-light conditions.

In burst mode, the camera can take as many shots as possible till the memory
finishes. The camera struggles to focus in macro shots or when pushed to its
low-light conditions

It can capture videos at 720p resolution and the videos are decent in daylight
conditions. It captures and playbacks MPEG4, H.263 and H.264 format at 30 frames
per second.

The 1.3MP front-facing camera captures pictures and videos at 720p.

Regarding connectivity, it has 3G, WiFi and Bluetooth 4.0.

The 2,070mAh non-removable battery is pretty small compared to others. It gives
a full day of use for moderate users and Motorola hasn't added any power-saving
features apart from the standard battery-saver mode of the operating system.  In
video playback test, the device lasted for around eight hours. The battery is
pretty standard but there are apps on the play store like the Snapdragon Battery
Guru which is very good to save power. It is priced at Dh799.

