

Google's new tablet packs a punch with games and graphics

GOOGLE'S new 7-inch Nexus tablet computer looks the complete winner.

A fast processor good enough for gaming, a stunning fine-resolution screen,
wireless charging, the latest Bluetooth protocols, and Near Field Communication
for advanced connectivity on a relatively inexpensive tablet is a line-up that's
hard to beat.

You may not like the Nexus 7 when you first see it. It does look squarish and a
bit drab. But there's not much else you can say that's negative. And the
positive experience begins when you pick it up.

For starters, it's light. At 290g for the WiFi versions or 299g for the 4G LTE
cellular version, it's lighter than Apple's competing 7.9-inch iPad Mini but has
a superior screen resolution: 1200x1920 pixels at 323 pixels per inch versus
768x1024 pixels at 162ppi.

That could change if Apple updates the Mini later this year, but for now the
Nexus 7, a Google-designed tablet built by Taiwanese manufacturer Asus, reigns
supreme.

The Nexus 7 case is thin, narrow enough to be held comfortably in the palm, yet
offers decent real estate at the top and bottom for gripping in landscape mode,
which invariably is what you use for watching video. Unlike the Samsung S3
models, you won't mistakenly trigger the back or home buttons while holding it.

On the downside, the Nexus 7 doesn't have a slot for a microSD card, so you
can't augment the 16Gb or 32Gb of internal memory on board. The Nexus 7 too has
fairly ordinary cameras: a 5 and 1.2 megapixel rear and front-facing cameras.
Pictures are OK but colours can look a little dull and washed out.

The micro USB charging slot, however, offers versatility. It supports SlimPort:
you can attach a USB to HDMI connector and mirror tablet content to a HD TV.

The hallmark of the Nexus 7 is performance. It has a fast and modern quadcore
Snapdragon S4 Pro processor. The AnTuTu benchmark which tests CPU and graphic
capabilities returned a score of 18174, an 80 per cent improvement on the
Samsung Galaxy S3 8-inch tablet we reviewed last week. The latest Samsung and
HTC smartphones seem among only a handful of devices that perform better in
AnTuTu.

The Nexus 7's performance is evident when you load and play games such as Real
Racing 3. When we tried it out, there was no lag when steering; the tablet was
responsive to twists and turns, and no glitches. And watching video was a great
experience. The crispness and detail of 1080p full HD was certainly evident.

The Nexus 7 has a not-so-huge 3950 millampere hour fixed battery and, given it
needs to drive a big processor and high-definition screen, I was sceptical about
battery life. We achieved just over six hours of battery life watching video
stored on the device, at 75 per cent brightness. Battery life is reasonable at
least.

Software and content is increasingly important to tablets. The Nexus 7 is the
first Android device to run the latest upgrade: Jelly Bean 4.3.

The upgrade isn't stunning but there are a few new features. Windows Phone 8 has
a feature called Kids Corners which lets users set up restricted profiles so
that their children can use selected apps with no access to parents'
confidential files or accounts.

A similar feature is now available on Android. Under Android 4.3, parents can
set up profiles for each family member, or a business can configure a tablet so
that each staff member can login with a different username. These users only use
pre-designated apps and cannot purchase with Google Play.

Bluetooth Smart Ready sees Android become more compatible with new types of
connected devices such as pedometers and health monitors. Android's graphics
have received a software overhaul with OpenGL ES3.0 high-performance graphics. A
demo app shows you what you would see with and without it and the improved
detail is noticeable.

Google uses the vanilla, or unmodified Android, in contrast to a manufacturer's
modified Android. This has advantages and disadvantages. You can upgrade when
Google releases a new version and not wait until a manufacturer produces its
own. On the other hand, I miss some of the rich content and features that
Samsung offers through its TouchWiz Android user interface. HTC similarly offers
an improved strain of Android.

Overall the, Nexus 7 is a classy tablet with well-designed hardware, a great
screen, and the most up-to-date Android available. It is well priced and should
be popular with those seeking a small form-factor tablet.

PROS

Fast quadcore processor fit for gaming

Great high-resolution display

First tablet with Android 4.3

CONS

No micro SD card slot for extending storage

Average camera resolution

Fairly plain design

PRICE FROM $299

RATING 8/10

