
DATELINE: Srinagar


Srinagar, Oct. 31 -- Google in association with LG has announced the launch of
the much-rumoured Nexus 4, the newest smartphone in the Nexus line-up from
Google. The smartphone will be available starting next month in select markets.

The Nexus 4 smartphone is being made by LG Electronics and features an update to
Google's Android 4.2 system, also known as Jelly Bean (Android 4.2 is a new
flavour of Jelly Bean).

The Nexus 4 features a 4.7-inch True HD IPS Plus display with a resolution of
1280-by-768 pixels, supported by Zerogap Touch technol-ogy. The screen is
scratch resitant, and is protected by Corning Gorilla Glass 2. The phone sports
an 8 megapixel camera.

It will be available to purchase in both an 8GB version and a 16GB version on
Google Play starting November 13.

The Nexus 4 is armed with Qualcomm's Snapdragon S4 Pro processor with 1.5GHz
Quad-Core Krait CPUs, and 2GB of RAM. Nexus 4 comes with the latest Google apps.
The latest version of Google Now is built-in.

"This is the first time we collaborated with LG to build a Nexus device," said
Andy Ru-bin, Senior Vice President of Mobile and Digital Content at Google.

Nexus 4 is sold unlocked and is GSM/HSPA+ compatible so it will operate on more
than 200 network providers worldwide. It will be available to purchase in both
an 8GB version and a 16GB version on Google Play starting November 13 in the US,
UK, Canada, Germany, France, Spain and Australia. Offline availability in
Europe, Central/South Americas, Asia, CIS and the Middle East will begin from
the end of November.

A 16-gigabyte model of the Nexus 4 will sell for $199 with a two-year contract
to buy phone service and Internet access from T-Mobile. A contract-free version
is available for $299 with 8 gigabytes of storage and $349 for the 16-gigabyte
model. Google is touting the Nexus 4's wireless charging capability as a major
selling point.

Nexus 4: Key specifications

- Chipset: Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Pro processor with 1.5GHz Quad-Core Krait CPUs

- Operating System: Android 4.2, Jelly Bean

- Network: 3G (WCDMA), HSPA+

- Display: 4.7-inch WXGA True HD IPS Plus (1280 x 768 pixels)

- Memory: 8GB / 16GB

- RAM: 2GB

- Camera: 8.0MP rear / 1.3MP HD front

- Battery: 2,100mAh Li-Polymer (embedded) / Talk time: 15.3 hours / Standby: 390
hours

- Size: 133.9 x 68.7 x 9.1mm

- Weight: 139g

- Other: Wireless charging, NFC

Besides, Google also announced the launch of the larger Nexus tablet, which is
being made by Samsung Electronics Co. and features a 10-inch display screen,
about the same size as Apple's top-selling iPad.

The Nexus 10 tablet with 16 gigabytes of storage will sell for $399. That's $100
less than the comparable version of the latest iPad. The Nexus tablet will go on
sale in the Google Play Store starting November 13 in the US, UK, Australia,
France, Germany, Spain, Canada and Japan. Published by HT Syndication with
permission from The Kashmir Monitor. For any query with respect to this article
or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

