

REVIEW

OLYMPUS PEN E-PL8

Price: $882 street price with 14-42mm lens

THE LOWDOWN

This micro four-thirds camera from Olympus has a 16-megapixel sensor in a
compact and pretty body. Inside it has the workings of the Olympus E-M10 MkII.
It is a cosmetic upgrade of the E-PL7 with an emphasis on style aesthetics and
self-portraiture. The LCD can tilt down under the camera and point forward. In
this orientation the camera displays touch controls for focus, shutter and movie
start/stop. The tiny kit lens is brilliant, keeping the unit compact without any
mechanical or optical compromise. The 28-84mm focal length (film equivalent)
provides a decent wide angle and short telephoto ideal for portraiture.

LIKE

The image quality is as we expect from Olympus - good white balance and
exposure. The camera is nicely made and feels substantial in the hand. Images up
to ISO2500 are usable with noise obvious at only high ISO speeds.

DISLIKE

The absence of an electronic viewfinder is perplexing at this price.

VERDICT

The E-PL8 is apparently aimed at the fashion-conscious smartphone users who are
impressed with the choice of various colours of faux leather skins and straps
and who think they might like the better quality to be had from an
interchangeable lens camera with a bigger sensor and better image stabilisation.
And because phones are selfie devices then the camera has to conform. The E-PL8
is a fully featured camera, and to use all its functions it is essential to copy
the full user manual from the supplied disc. Also consider the Olympus E-M10
MkII, a seriously superb camera with a proper viewfinder that costs only $40
more.

Google launched the new Pixel phones this month and they went straight to the
top of the DxOMark rankings of best smartphone cameras that money can buy. And
in this case it is a lot of money.

The Aussie dollar has pushed the least expensive flagship phones over $1000, but
do not despair. Have a look at the DxO ranking table on its website. If you
don't need the latest and best for bragging rights, there are bargains to be
had.

Google's Pixels start at over $1000 but the superseded Google Nexus 5X phones
can be had for about $400. DxO rates the Nexus 5X and 6P (which have the same
camera) the same as the iPhone 6s Plus and above the iPhone 6s.

The still-available Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge gets the same camera rating as the
new iPhone 7, but is half the price. And the Sony Xperia Z5 also rates with the
iPhone at half the price. (The prices here are for outright purchase from online
discounters, not from telco shops or on plans.)

Many phone makers use Sony camera components so the differences in performance
will be the result of internal processing.

Right now we have a Google Nexus 5P and an iPhone 6s side by side, and both
produce fine photographs and videos. They both shoot 4K ultra-high-definition
video, but have different default camera apps and the iPhone's is better because
it has exposure compensation adjustment with the slide of a finger. There are
third-party camera apps for Android, but none is as elegant as the iPhone
default. On such small differences the deal may be done or broken.

You may have noticed an Apple TV advert called The Human Family, which is a
montage of photos and videos taken with an iPhone 6s, but you might have missed
the disclaimer at the bottom of the screen: "Additional software and equipment
used." They don't say what. But it is a warning that the advertisements are as
much about the skill of the professionals who take the photos as about the
qualities of the cameras. That is where DxOMark, the industry reference, is so
helpful in making a choice.

