

Chinese tech mega vendor Huawei has pulled out all stops to compete with Samsung
and others in the Android market, and its latest Mate 8 smartphone is a great
leap forward compared to earlier models.

The Ascend moniker gone from the name, the Mate 8 packs new and much improved
hardware, including a very fast Kirin (no relation to the Japanese beer brand)
950 four by four core chip set made by Huawei subsidiary HiSilicon.

READ MORE:

bull Juha Saarinen: Keeping your phone secure, the Google way

bull Samsung"s Gear S2 is sleeker, simpler

bull Juha Saarinen: Nexus 6P offers welcome step up

One set of four cores run at up to 2.3 GigaHertz, the other at up to 1.8GHz. My
review unit came with 32 Gigabytes of storage and 3GB of RAM. The NZ retail
device will have 64GB of storage and 4GB of memory inside, oddly enough.

You can also slot in two SIM cards for the Mate 8, which could be handy for
roaming.

There"s also faster graphics, and while the Mate 8 on a per-core basis isn"t as
quick as say an iPhone 6s in benchmarks, working together, the processors make
for a very snappy and responsive device indeed.

This is a big phone, with a six-inch diagonal screen, measuring 157.1 by 80.6
millimetres, but it"s fairly slim at 7.9mm and not too heavy, tipping the scales
at 185 gram. It feels very well put together, as it should, being a pricey
premium device.

As with the Google Nexus P6, also made by Huawei, the responsive fingerprint
reader is at the back of the device, which takes a bit of time to get used to.

Huawei decided to keep the screen resolution at a relatively modest 1080 by 1920
unlike competitors that are at 1440 by 2560 pixels - and the Google Nexus 6P.

This matters less than the numbers suggest: the full HD screen looks good, has
the same resolution as Apple"s iPhone 6s Plus and fewer pixels to push means the
Mate 8 uses less power. Despite heavy use, the Mate 8 would often go a day and a
half between charges; the battery has a big, 4,000mAh capacity and charges in
just two hours with the beefy Huawei wallwart - and reaches 75 per cent charge
in just one hour, which is fantastic.

Mate 8 runs the latest Android 6.0 with bunch of customisations like motion
control to drive the phone. And, uh, knuckle control. You can swipe with your
knuckles to multitask two apps, draw an S to start video recording, but I found
the whole thing awkward and gimmicky.

The Mate 8 camera is strange: the specifications for the 16 megapixel unit with
a Sony sensor, phase and contrast autofocus, fast f/2.0 lens and optical image
stabilisation, manual exposure control and lots of other features suggest it
should deliver very good pictures and video.

Sony makes arguably the best digital camera sensors currently, and I"m not sure
what Huawei did in the Mate 8, because the pictures from the phone are on the
dull side, with slightly muted colours.

The autofocus was hit and miss, and the video quality isn"t amazing either - the
Mate 8"s camera struggles in the bright New Zealand sun, and blows highlights
quite badly. Maybe this can be fixed in a future firmware update, but for now
the Mate 8 camera lets the phone down - I actually preferred the
lower-resolution camera in the Nexus 6P in comparison.

Also odd: there"s no 4K video like on competitor devices, only 1080p at 60
frames per second.

Checking with Huawei revealed that the review units have older system software
and the company confirmed that an update is in the works that"ll improve picture
quality.

It"ll be interesting to see if the new software fixes the camera image quality -
and I will provide an update on this - and until then I"ll hold off on a final
verdict on the Mate 8.

The phone will cost $1,099 RRP once it hits the shops, which isn"t too bad, but
I"d want the camera to be up to scratch before forking out that much money.

