

http://www.investors.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/NFLX-EC.jpg

Netflix (NFLX) shares gapped higher on Tuesday soaring above a buy point in a
consolidation going back to early December. Meanwhile, two other FANG stocks,
Facebook (FB) and Google parent Alphabet (GOOGL), moved back above pivot points
Tuesday, while Amazon (AMZN) continues to trade near all-time highs.

Netflix

Netflix shot up 19% to 118.79 on Tuesday, well above a 111.95 buy point. The
internet TV giant reported much-better-than-expected third-quarter earnings and
subscriber growth Monday night.

Netflix added 3.57 million new streaming video subscribers, vs. its forecast for
2.3 million. All but 370,000 were outside the U.S. For the fourth quarter,
Netflix sees a net customer gain of 5.2 million, with 3.75 million outside the
U.S. and 1.45 million domestic.

Netflix's original shows, such as "Stranger Things," helped drive subscriptions.

IBD'S TAKE: While Netflix is the streaming media king, Domino's Pizza also is
getting a slice as America decides to "Netflix and chill." The pizza chain
reported booming earnings growth Tuesday, and Domino's CEO Patrick Doyle told
IBD his outlook for the industry.

Netflix CEO Reed Hastings also said that Google YouTube and Facebook pose more
of a threat for customers' screen time than Amazon Prime Video.

Wednesday update: Netflix shares extended gains, rising 2.6% to 121.87 on the
stock market today.

RELATED:

5 Takeaways From Netflix Earnings Surprise, Stock Surge

Alphabet

Alphabet also had a strong day. Shares rose 1.8% to 821.49, hitting a record
high in strong volume and once again clearing an 813.98 buy point. Shares have
been moving sideways for more than two months, finding support recently at the
50-day moving average.

Alphabet got positive reviews for its new Pixel smartphones. That should help
the Pixel handsets make inroads, especially with Samsung, which uses the Google
Android operating software, reeling from its Note 7 overheating fiasco. The
Apple (AAPL) iPhone 7 is likely to be the biggest holiday beneficiary, though.

Alphabet reports earnings on Oct. 27. That will be a busy day for tech news.
Amazon also reports earnings on Oct. 27. Tesla Motors[ticker symb=TSLA ]and
SolarCity (SCTY) will unveil an integrated solar panel-battery storage-charger
offering that day. And Apple reportedly will showcase new Mac computers.

Wednesday update: Alphabet rose 0.7% to 827.09, hitting a fresh all-time high of
829.81 intraday.

Facebook

Facebook had a less dramatic move than Netflix or Alphabet, rising 0.8% to
128.57 on Tuesday in below-normal volume. But that did push Facebook slightly
above the 128.43 buy point, first crossed back on Sept. 6. Facebook had found
support at its 50-day line in recent days.

Facebook will report third-quarter results on Nov. 2.

Wednesday update: Facebook rose 1.2% to 130.11, with volume that was just above
average. Strong volume, indicating institutional buying, would be a welcome
sign.

Amazon

Amazon had the quietest day of all four FANG stocks Tuesday, advancing 0.6% to
817.96 in below-average trade.  Amazon is well extended from a proper breakout
and even 50-day line tests. Shares peaked at 847.21 on Oct. 6.

Amazon, like Alphabet, will report earnings on Oct. 27.

Wednesday update: Amazon rose 4 cents to 817.69.

