

Click for image

Over the past few months I've had the opportunity to review two laptops. Both of
them being... rather beefy: the Chromebook Pixel and the Dell M3800. These two
machines are powerhouses - sporting extremely high-resolution screens and
high-end processors - with price tags to match. But then, this past week, the
delivery man dropped off an entirely different category of laptop: the Acer
Chromebook 15.

The model I have here is the CB5-571-C09S, sporting a 15.6-inch display (with a
1080p resolution), an Intel Celeron CPU (at 1.6GHz), 4GB of RAM, and a 32GB SSD.
All of which costs $350 retail.

I'm going to come right out and say it - I've had a difficult time figuring out
exactly how I feel about this laptop.

On the one hand, it has a huge display, the biggest of any Chromebook ever made.
It may not come even close to the resolution of Google's Pixel, which rocks
2560x1700, but the Acer's 15.6-inch screen makes the Pixel's sub-13-inch screen
look tiny by comparison. This is a big freaking laptop screen.

See also: What it's like living on a Chromebook Pixel, Part 1

The screen quality, it should be noted, is pretty nice. The viewing angles
aren't quite as good as the Pixel (or the Dell M3800's 4K display), but it's not
bad either. And, considering the massive price difference between the Acer and
those other laptops ($350 for the Acer vs. over $2,000 for the Dell and over
$1,000 for the Pixel), that reduction in quality is actually not as dramatic as
you might expect.

The guts of the machine (CPU, RAM, and hard drive) are all excellent... for a
$350 machine. If you sit down and compare the specs of this relatively
gargantuan-sized Chromebook against a Pixel, you will be disappointed. But when
you remember that you can buy three of these Acer laptops for the cost of a
single Pixel, things start to look (a lot) more interesting.

Is the Acer Chromebook 15 a speed demon? No. It isn't exactly decked out with
the latest and greatest i7 processor. But it's no slouch, either. In fact, I
very rarely experienced any sluggishness with this machine. Even with a large
number of tabs open and Google Play Music streaming some tunes in the
background, the entire system was peppy and responsive.

See also: Dell's Ubuntu-powered M3800 Mobile Workstation is a desktop destroyer

And, let's be honest, in a Chromebook that's really what you care about: lots of
Chrome tabs, background audio, and playing either a YouTube or Netflix HD video
clip. This little Acer (did I just call this mega-sized laptop "little"?) can
handle all of that without slowing down in the slightest.

The battery life is pretty solid as well. Acer claims around nine hours of
battery life. I drained the battery (from completely charged down to nothing) in
around eight hours. But that was fairly heavy usage with music playing in the
background the majority of the time (one does want to rock out while reviewing
hardware, after all). Eight hours of battery life on a gigantic 15.6-inch screen
seems really solid to me.

So, what's the problem? It sounds like I've just described a pretty doggone
great laptop at a super low price. If I stopped right there, purchasing this
Chromebook is a no-brainer.

But, instead of stopping there, let's talk about the build quality for a minute.

When I first unpacked the box, and pulled out this large white laptop, I was
struck by something... profound.

This machine is... profoundly plastic.

The model I have here is white. Solid white. With a subtle crisscross embossing
patterning covering the entire outside.

The plastic isn't the fancy kind of plastic, either. It's the kind of plastic
that many of my toys from the 1980's were made with. The kind where, when you
tap on it with your fingernail, it makes that distinct "just tapped on a plastic
toy" sound. In other words: it feels cheap.

When you open the lid and look at the keyboard, the initial impression is a
positive one. The keyboard is certainly full laptop-sized. Typing on the keys
feels good... for the most part. Typing aggressively on the keyboard - which I
tend to do - results in a sound not unlike banging on a small plastic drum.Â Or,
if you had an original Nintendo Entertainment System, the sound when you knocked
on the top of it. That "hollow plastic shell" sound. That's the sound that
banging on this keyboard makes. It's not loud, and it's not obnoxious, by any
means. But it sounds cheap.

That's a weird thing to say in a laptop review, I know. "It sounds cheap when
you tap on it." But it's true. And it's noteworthy. And it begins to make me
realize why this laptop is available at such a cheap price.

Also... the screen bends. A significant amount. And rather easily. If you open
the laptop (lift the screen up) and put just a small amount of pressure on the
bottom of the bezel around the screen, it bends noticeably. This issue seems to
pertain mostly to the display half. The keyboard half feels far sturdier and
doesn't seem to suffer from any bending or rigidity issues.

Interestingly, there are two things that do not feel quite as "cheap." The
trackpad (which has a good feel and a distinctive "click" to it when pressed)
and the speakers (which are large, with visible plastic grating covering them,
that produce quite decent sound for this price range of a laptop). Two
components that, often, even expensive laptops don't do well. So big high-five
to the Acer crew there.

So, to sum up: on the one hand, this laptop sports the largest screen on any
Chromebook and packs enough muscle to stand toe-to-toe with most other
Chromebooks. But, on the other hand, the build quality reminds you that you only
paid a fraction of the price that you would for a "premium laptop."

Would I recommend this laptop to someone? You know what... yes. Yes, I would.

If you want a Linux-powered Chromebook with a big freaking screen... this is the
Chromebook for you. I can literally put a Chromebook Pixel in front of the
Acer's screen and it doesn't even come close to blocking the view.

It's also an incredibly good deal. For $350, I could lug this laptop around with
me and not worry too much about banging it up. I could break one and buy an
identical replacement, and still have save several hundred dollars over buying a
Pixel.

So, yes. The Acer Chromebook 15 is a good machine with an interesting place in
the market. I'm glad Acer is making it and I can think of some people who would
truly enjoy using it for the price.

But what would really interest me is if Acer were to come out with a premium
version of this Chromebook. Made with metal instead of plastic. With a beefier
processor and more storage. But still, of course, keeping a huge (for a laptop)
15.6-inch screen, I could see that machine really turning some heads (including
mine). Even if it cost two to three times as much.

