

Coolpad Note 3: This is the first phone in the price bracket to offer 3GB RAM
and a fingerprint scanner. Hardware specifications include 1.3Ghz octa core
processor, 16GB storage and a 3,000mAh battery. Weighing 150 grams, the phone
has a 5.5-inch IPS display with a resolution of 1280 x 720 pixels, 13MP primary
camera, 5MP front camera, dual SIM support, microSD slot for expansion, 4G
connectivity, WiFi and Bluetooth.

Moto X Style: This is the second variant of the Moto X series and it features a
5.7-inch IPS display with a resolution of 2560 x 1440 pixels. It weighs 179
grams, runs the latest Android 5.1 on a hexa core Snapdragon 808 processor, has
3GB RAM, 16/32GB storage and a 3,000mAh battery. The phone also boasts of
expandable storage, a 21MP rear camera with phase detection autofocus and 4k
video recording. Other features include a 5MP front camera, 4G, WiFi, Bluetooth,
NFC connectivity and a water repellent coating for protection against damage
from accidental splashes.

Micromax Lapbook: Micromax has marked an entry into mainstream laptop territory
with the Lapbook. It has traditional laptop form factor, 11.6-inch display and
comes pre-installed with Windows 10. Inside is an Intel Atom processor, 2GB RAM,
32GB storage & microSD slot (up to 64GB). Micromax says that the 5,000mAh
battery will give you up to 11 hours of battery life. Weighing just 1.3kg, the
Lapbook has dual USB 2.0 ports, HDMI, dual speakers, built-in WiFi and Bluetooth
for connectivity. It comes with Micromax's 7-day onsite service (product
repaired and delivered back in 7-days).

Google Nexus Phones: Google has launched both new Nexus phones; Nexus 5X (made
by LG) and Nexus 6P (made by Huawei) in India. Both phones have the latest
Android OS (6.0), a fingerprint sensor, a 12MP camera with laser autofocus and
USB Type-C port. Nexus 5X has a 5.2-inch full HD display and runs a hexa core
Snapdragon 808 processor, 2GB RAM, 16/32GB storage, 5MP front camera and a
2,700mAh battery. Nexus 6P features a 5.7-inch amoled display (2560 x 1440),
Snapdragon 810 processor, 3GB RAM, 32/64GB storage, 8MP front camera and
3,450mAh battery. In a first, Nexus phones will also be available offline.

Meizu M2: This mid-range smartphone from Meizu has a 5-inch HD display (1280 x
720 pixels) in a lightweight (131 grams) design. It is powered by a 1.3Ghz quad
core Mediatek MT6735 processor, 2GB RAM, 16GB storage and a 2,500mAh battery.
You get a 13MP rear camera capable of recording video in 1080p, 5MP front camera
and a hybrid SIM slot (use it for a nanoSIM or for microSD card). Connectivity
is taken care of with 4G, WiFi, WiFi Direct and Bluetooth.

GlobalSpace Solt: This company claims that their hybrid device is the first
3-in-1 tablet. You can use it as a tablet, laptop or a desktop (with a docking
station). It has a 10.1-inch display (1280 x 800 pixels), is powered by an Intel
Atom processor, has 2GB RAM, 64GB of storage and a 7,900mAh battery. It weighs
just 615 grams and comes pre-loaded with Windows 8.1. The magnetic dock adds a
keyboard with trackpad, 4 USB ports, Ethernet, a 500GB hard drive (optional) and
dual speakers. You also get 3G, WiFi & 5MP camera.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

