
ABSTRACT

Charles Arthur and Josh Halliday: Plus what removing Captchas gets you, Android
reborn for hacking, Chromebook Pixel, and more

FULL TEXT

A burst of 10 links for you to chew over, as picked by the Technology team

Interflora SEO Penalty Analysis 2013 && Martin MacDonald

[On Wednesday] evening, well known florist brand Interflora was wiped off the
face of the internet.  Well, in search marketing terms anyway...

Searching for the terms [Flowers], [florist], [flower delivery], [flowers
online] and hundreds of other related search terms yielded the interflora.co.uk
domain in first place - until yesterday afternoon.  Now the website does not
even appear for its own brand name.

Reflecting on Google's power: a case for regulation? && Tim Anderson's ITWriting

He's written a sort of list, prompted by Interflora's downranking:

9. Users of Google will be grateful that it attempts to improve the value of its
search results by reducing the influence of meaningless incoming links. On the
other hand, I find it difficult to understand why a user who typed "interflora"
into Google would not want to see the official site at the top of the list,
since it is a legitimate business and not in any sense malicious. Of course they
do in fact see this, judging from my own experiment minutes ago, but it is an
advertisement and not an organic link. The top organic link is not Interflora's
own site.

10. Pause for thought: what would be the effect on Google's business if it put
ads below organic search results rather than above?

11. The only rationale for (9) above is that Google considers it worth
inconveniencing its users (presuming you do not accept that it simply wants to
sell more ads) for the sake of the higher objective of penalising sites which,
in its view, breach its guidelines.

12. We all have a choice whether to use Google or not; but this choice is not
one that fixes the problem. The problem, rather, is the choice which our
customers or potential customers make, over which we have no control.

No. 10 is quite a poser.

Guardian launches new reader profile pages && Guardian Help

[This] week we'll be launching a new look for reader profile pages.

The changes will bring all your website activity and site preferences into one
place, which we hope will make it easier for you to find and to manage them.

Where "you" actually means "everyone else".

HTC America settles FTC charges it failed to secure millions of mobile devices
shipped to consumers && FTC

Mobile device manufacturer HTC America has agreed to settle Federal Trade
Commission charges that the company failed to take reasonable steps to secure
the software it developed for its smartphones and tablet computers, introducing
security flaws that placed sensitive information about millions of consumers at
risk.

The settlement requires HTC America to develop and release software patches to
fix vulnerabilities found in millions of HTC devices. In addition, the
settlement requires HTC America to establish a comprehensive security program
designed to address security risks during the development of HTC devices and to
undergo independent security assessments every other year for the next 20 years.

...the FTC's complaint details several vulnerabilities found on HTC's devices,
including the insecure implementation of two logging applications - Carrier IQ
and HTC Loggers - as well as programming flaws that would allow third-party
applications to bypass Android's permission-based security model.

Tweaking Android makes it buggy, it seems.

Samsung's Iill-conceived Apple VoiceOver suit stayed in Germany && AllThingsD

A Mannheim Regional Court on Friday ordered a stay of a Samsung suit against
Apple that alleges the iPhone maker's VoiceOver screen-access technology
violated its patent on display into speech data.

The mechanics of this particular spat and the court's ruling on it are bit too
byzantine to dive into here, but it's worth a look in broad strokes simply as an
example of just how low players are willing to stoop in IP battles like the one
between Apple and Samsung. So, in short: Samsung holds a patent on a feature
that allows devices to read aloud text to their users with the press of a
button. The company asserted that patent against Apple's accessibility features,
specifically VoiceOver which is specifically designed for anyone with impaired
vision. Caught in the middle: The blind, low-vision users, folks with dyslexia
and anyone else who might benefit from having what appears on their computer
screen described to them out loud.

Yes, this move by Samsung against Apple was a tactical one in a nasty battle in
which billions of dollars are at stake. Yes, it's just business. But it's
ill-conceived. Even leaving aside the ethics of asserting a patent against a
feature designed to help the blind, this is unwise. It's the PR equivalent of
punching yourself in the face. Samsung has now identified itself as a company
willing to accept the loss of accessibility for the vision-impaired as
collateral damage in its battle with Apple.

Bits v. Bytes: Follow the money && asymco

Horace Dediu:

the Pixel is a high-end product. It's priced at the top of the range of what a
laptop computer might cost (given the dimensions).  Perhaps it's part of a
pattern where Google will hone its hardware skills toward releasing a phone or
tablet it can call its own. Starting with a more traditional computer is
"easier" than trying to deliver on the more demanding smaller form factors.

And yet, the more obvious question is why would Google want to be in the
hardware business? Isn't being a web-focused company implicitly suggesting that
hardware is a commodity to be farmed off to perpetually impoverished and
violently abused OEMs?

The truth is quite different from this. Samsung currently makes far more
operating profit from Android phones than Google does from all its operations.

Oh, you knew that already?

F**K CAPTCHA && Harry Brignull

Brignull is a user experience designer and consultant:

Users were directed to the sign-up form direct from the homepage before they
could interact with the product. As you can see, there was a CAPTCHA at the
bottom of the form (powered by reCAPTCHA). With this design, they had a
conversion rate of roughly 48%. They then removed the CAPTCHA, and it boosted
the conversion rate up to 64%. In conversion rate lingo, that's an uplift of
33.3%! They replaced the CAPTCHA with honeypot fields and timestamp analysis,
which has apparently proven to be very effective at preventing spam while being
completely invisible to the end user.

Google's Android reborn as network-hacking kit && Wired.com

The folks at security tools company Pwnie Express have built a tablet that can
bash the heck out of corporate networks. Called the Pwn Pad, it's a full-fledged
hacking toolkit built atop Google's Android operating system.

Pwnie Express will be selling the cool-looking hack machines - based on Google's
Nexus 7 tablets - for $795. They'll be introduced at the RSA security conference
in San Francisco next week, but Pwnie Express is also releasing the Pwn Pad
source code, meaning that hackers can download the software and get it up and
running on other types of Android phones and tablets.

Very neat.

Google announces Chromebook Pixel: a premium Chrome OS laptop shipping next week
for $1,299 && The Verge

Google repeatedly told us how smooth and fluid it is to swipe through webpages
on the touchscreen on the Pixel, and how it would enable developers to target a
broader ecosystem for their apps by allowing their tablet and smartphone
creations to have the same experience on the web. If only it were true: the
touchscreen response is far from fluid, if Google's on-stage demos and our own
hands-on impressions are any indication.

Specifications v experience.

The agony of the fanboy && TechCrunch

John Biggs:

When you fail, fail gracefully. When WebOS died, fanboys were forced to concede
to the fact that their favorite thing in the world was a dud. A group of fans
rallied around the open-source version of WebOS and are still futzing around
with it, but like a legion of Betamax fanatics, they're worshipping at the feet
of a dead god. Move on. Be nimble and mentally malleable. Learn something new.
Still defending PHP to your dying breath? Go learn Python. Think iOS is a blast?
Swap your iPad mini for a Nexus 7. I do this quite often and it's very
refreshing. I learned that I loved Windows 8, for example, and that the Surface
Pro is great. I learned these things because I'm in a very special position, but
you (meaning MG [Siegler]), too, can at least go into the Microsoft store with
an open mind and come out potentially changed.

Here's hoping. A wise piece.

You can follow Guardian Technology's linkbucket on Pinboard

To suggest a link, either add it below or tag it with @gdntech on the free
Delicious service.

