

Ahalya Mandana is working as a freelance writer with EFY

After a long day's work, the best way to relax is probably to watch the latest
blockbuster, at home. Yes, the movie-watching experience at home has transformed
with TVs having gigantic screens, crystal-clear displays and terrific sound
quality. With smart TVs, you can connect your TV to a Wi-Fi network, download
the latest episodes of your favourite show and watch content that is stored on
your mobile phone, on the big screen. But how do you decide which smart TV to
invest in? This guide will help you choose the right one for your home.



Features to watch out for

Before we go ahead and show you our list of recommended smart TVs, let us
understand the important features of these devices and how these play out as you
begin to use these. This will enable you to compare and review TVs even outside
our recommendations list, and help you make the right choice.

One of the main features of smart TVs is that these have software platforms,
just like PCs and mobile phones. Let us take a look at each of these.

Android TV. This is one of the most popular platforms and gives you the freedom
to access Google Play store from your TV, to purchase apps and games. Different
manufacturers tie up with different platforms but Sony Android TVs are popular.
You can also control these TVs using TV SideView app that features voice search.
Google Cast allows media to be streamed to the TV, while gaming controllers from
Logitech and Razer let you have fun with console-less gaming. The best thing
about this one is the collection of apps.

Firefox OS. This is the one you will see with most Panasonic TVs. It has been
refreshed for 2016 with a new design that looks much better than the previous
version. It also comes with a barebones version of Firefox browser. The lack of
Google's Play store means it does not have as much content but it still wins on
the interface design side. The simple design is the winner for this one.

Smart hub (Tizen). This comes with Samsung TVs and is based on their Tizen
operating system (OS). It is decently customisable and does not clutter up much.
However, there are too many notifications as it tries to suggest apps for you to
use among other things. That said, it does have a decent app ecosystem and
features Netflix, Amazon Instant Video, Hulu, HBO Go/HBO Now, YouTube, Spotify
and Vudu depending on region. While not as good as the previous two, this OS
also offers split-screen view of watching TV while browsing, which now comes
with Android Nougat.

LG webOS. LG TVs feature this OS, and offer almost the same apps like Netflix,
Amazon and others. The user interface is jiggly and fast to the point that it
may be dizzying to some. But that should not be a problem once you get used to
it. It looks decent and is fast, but not as good as the previous three though.

Smart TVs to check out

Now that you know what to look out for, here is our recommended collection of
smart TVs.

Most affordable smart TV: Noble Skiodo 32SM32N01. This 81cm (32-inch) LED TV
comes with Wi-Fi/LAN connectivity. It allows you to stream videos from YouTube
and download shows from Netflix. It has a screen resolution of 1366768 pixels
and an impressive 178 viewing angle. It has three USB ports, so you can connect
a flash drive to the TV to watch movies with ease. It is available on Amazon.in
for Rs 15,199, which makes it one of the most reasonably- priced smart TVs in
the market.

Excellent screen resolution: TCL L43P1US 4K UHD smart LED TV. This 109.2cm
(43-inch) TV from TCL has a resolution of 38402160 pixels, which provides
extremely clear images. The 4K UHD screen resolution has four times the number
of pixels as other full-HD TVs. With Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connectivity, you can
easily connect your phone to your TV. It provides access to Android apps since
it runs on Android 5.1 OS. It is available on Amazon.in for Rs 31,990.

Great sound quality: Micromax 40 Canvas-S full-HD smart LED TV. This TV from
Micromax has 24W speaker output with dynamic sound reproduction. It has Wi-Fi
Direct connectivity, three HDMI ports and two USB ports. The 102cm (40.1-inch)
screen is a full-HD one, with a resolution of 19201080 pixels. Viewing angle is
178. It is available on Flipkart.com for Rs 29,989.

3D smart TV: LG 42LF6500 full-HD 3D smart LED TV. This is one of the more
affordable 3D smart TVs. LED screen size is 106.6cm (42-inch) and resolution is
19201080 pixels. It uses webOS 2.0 as its OS. With Smart-share feature, you can
share content wirelessly from other smart-devices, very easily. It also comes
with 3D conversion technology that promises to convert 2D content into 3D
content. However, do keep in mind that you will have to purchase good-quality 3D
glasses to be able to watch 3D content. The TV is available on Flipkart.com for
Rs 49,700.

Wide range of apps: Samsung UA40K6300AKLXL full-HD smart, curved LED. This smart
TV has a 101.6cm (40-inch) curved LED screen. Screen resolution is 19201080
pixels. Samsung TVs use Tizen OS. There are a wide range of apps available for
this OS. It has Wi-Fi connectivity, three HDMI ports and two USB ports, along
with a 3G dongle plug-and-play feature. It uses Dolby Digital Plus sound
technology with 20W speaker output. It is available on Flipkart.com for Rs
62,900.

There are so many TVs available in the market at the moment. But some of these
may have features that you find unnecessary. So, while selecting a TV, make sure
that it has the right kind of features as per your individual requirements.

Other features

Connectivity. Smart TVs usually connect to the Internet using a Wi-Fi network.
Sometimes, these may also have an Ethernet port for wired Internet connectivity.
Check which mode of connectivity the TV is equipped with to ensure that it is
suitable for your home.

The 3D experience. Many TV companies have advertised this feature in the past
few years. Coupled with 3D glasses, it promises to change your viewing
experience completely. However, movies and TV shows first need to be modified to
make these suitable for 3D TVs. Do keep in mind the fact that 3D content for TVs
is limited.

Screen size. TV screen sizes are measured using the diagonal length of the
screen. However, depending on the screen aspect ratio (for example, 4:3 or
16:9), the same diagonal length will refer to different screen areas. Most TVs
in the market have 16:9 aspect ratio, which refers to the ratio between the
width and height of the screen. Choose the right screen size according to where
you plan to install your TV, and how far you will be seated from it. This will
ensure a comfortable viewing experience.

Resolution. This is probably the most important feature of a television, as it
ensures that images displayed on the screen are clear. It is important to ensure
that the screen resolution is good, otherwise you may have a TV with a giant
screen but poor image quality. One of the best screen resolutions currently
available is 4K or ultra high-definition (UHD), which refers to a resolution of
3840x2160 pixels. Other resolutions include 1080p (1920x1080 pixels) and WUXGA
(1920x1200 pixels).

Viewing angle. This refers to the angle up to which you can view images clearly
on the TV before image quality drops. A higher value of viewing angle would be
preferable because it ensures that image colour quality does not get altered
when viewed from the side.

Speakers. Sound quality is also an important characteristic of a TV. To ensure
that your overall TV watching experience is of high quality, opt for a TV with a
good sound system. Speaker sound is expressed in watts (W). This corresponds to
a specific decibel (dB) value. 16W corresponds to 102dB and 32W corresponds to
105dB. Most TVs have a speaker output of 14W to 20W.

