

DESPITE the dominance of Microsoft's operating system in the computing world,
Taiwanese electronics makers are placing bets on Google's Android, a rival OS
set to see greater momentum in the future.

Companies from computer makers Acer and Asustek to smartphone brands HTC are
expected to unveil more products on Android soon.

By year-end, users could see the debut of Acer's first smartphone running on
Android - the Liquid A1. Powered by a 768-megahertz Snapdragon processor, this
model sports a 3.5-inch touch-screen in 800 by 480 pixels high-definition
resolution, 256 megabytes of memory and a five-megapixel auto-focus camera.

Acer's popular Aspire One line of netbooks, meanwhile, is adding a dual-boot
version that will include both Windows XP and Android. The new Aspire AOD250
features a 10.1-inch display with 1,024 by 600 pixels resolution, Intel Atom
N280 processor, 160-gigabyte hard drive, 1GB RAM, six-cell lithium-ion battery
and wireless 802.11b/g network support.

"We're testing the waters with our dual-mode netbook," said Acer's chairman Wang
Jeng-tang in Taipei last month.

The company, he added, will introduce products running on other OSes as long as
there is user demand and the sales justifies the production costs.

"The price of bundling in Android is very low or even at no cost," Wang said,
adding that different OSes are suitable for different Web applications and that
Android is a viable alternative for computer users.

The Android platform requires less system resources, has instant switch-on
capability and long standby time and even features an application store called
Android Market.

HTC, Taiwan's smartphone maker which introduced the industry's first
Android-based smartphone, is not missing out on Android's potential, either. It
recently unveiled in Taiwan the first Android phone which comes with an embedded
chip to pay for public transport fares and transactions at convenience stores,
saving consumers from carrying the conventional transport IC fare card.

Called Tatoo, the model is expected to cause a stir among younger consumers, who
fancy mobile Internet browsing and enjoy mobile payment. It comes with a
2.8-inch screen, 3.2-megapixel camera and 3.5-millimetre stereo headset jack.
Users can even design and buy their own covers or search and choose from popular
cover designs.

The Tatoo also integrates Google's mobile services, including Google Maps,
Google Search and Google Mail.

Despite threats from rival OSes, Microsoft's chief Steve Ballmer seems unfazed.

Ballmer, who was in Taipei early this month for a one-day visit, told reporters
that his company produces "popular" software and it is going to enjoy continued
success. Windows has a high level of differentiation compared to rival products
and offers many applications, with ongoing innovation to win users' hearts, he
said.

( END )

