

SMARTPHONES and tablets evolve by leaps and bounds every year. But only a
handful of them are endowed with the best and the most advanced features that
consumer electronics manufacturers can offer. Here are six devices that should
be on top of any tech-savvy Christmas wish list.

Samsung has pulled out all the stops in creating Galaxy Note 4, its flagship
phablet. The device packs a large 5.7-inch screen with a Super AMOLED technology
and an eye-popping resolution of 1440x2560 pixels. Its body, which is still made
of plastic, has been improved and it has a fingerprint scanner and a heart rate
sensor to boot. The stylus that has become the device's trademark has also been
enhanced. In terms of photography, the rear camera of the Note 4 with 16
megapixels (MP) and optical image stabilization captures great photos.
Software-wise, Note 4 includes a productive multi-window mode that makes
multitasking possible.

Perhaps the most anticipated device of this year is Apple's iPhone 6. It has
come to light having a larger 4.7-inch IPS LCD screen with a resolution of
750x1334 pixels. The Cupertino giant's device still has the premium, metal body
that makes it visually appealing and nice to hold. But it is thinner at 6.9
millimeters (mm). iPhone 6 retains its predecessor's Touch ID, a fingerprint
identity sensor, but contains a brand new barometer sensor. It also comes with a
camera, which has an 8MP resolution, a dual-LED flash and a phase-detection
autofocus that does not disappoint.

The flagship of the Japanese consumer electronics behemoth Sony, the Xperia Z3,
is a looker made of glass. It also features an aluminum frame and nylon corners.
But what makes Z3 a standout is its rugged build: it has an IP68 certification,
which means it is dust-tight and waterproof. Two other highlights of the Z3
consist of its 5.2-inch IPS LCD screen with a resolution of 1080x1920 pixels and
20.7 MP camera that captures sharp photos. The device has been beefed up
chipset-wise and has been equipped with a PlayStation 4 (PS4) Remote Play
functionality which allows users to play PS4 games.

When it comes to tablets, Apple's freshly released iPad Air 2 reigns. Though its
outward appearance has been left unchanged (the color options, however, now
include gold in addition to silver and space gray), inside, it has become more
powerful with its 64-bit A8X system on a chip. It has also been made thinner
than the iPhone 6 at 6.1 mm and lighter at 437 grams, but its 9.7-inch screen
still packs a resolution of 1536x2048 pixels. iPad Air 2, unlike its precursor,
has been outfitted with the TouchID fingerprint sensor and a bigger 8MP camera.

Google, for its part, has come up with a compelling tablet of its own. Enlisting
the help of the Taiwanese electronics company, HTC, the new Nexus 9 features an
8.9-inch IPS display with a resolution of 1536x2048 pixels. It has an
understated design and a potent performance thanks to its 64-bit Nvidia Tegra
K1. Having been made by HTC, whose devices are known for their audio quality,
the tablet also produces a rich sound. The Nexus 9 is the first ever tablet to
run the latest iteration of Google's Android operating system, the Android 5.0
Lollipop.

Surface Pro 3 is Microsoft's giant take on a tablet, which is marketed as a
replacement for the traditional laptop. Compared with its predecessor, the
Surface Pro 3 has a bigger, 12-inch screen, a higher display resolution of
2160x1440 pixels and a thinner profile, at 9.1 mm. Microsoft's tablet is
unbeatable when it comes to raw power on account of its robust Intel Haswell
Processors - Core i3, Core i5 and Core i7 - and 4GB or 8GB of random access
memory. The Surface Pro 3, in addition, has two 5MP cameras, a digital pen, and
an optional keyboard with mechanical keys.

