

Are you in the market for a new phone, camera, tablet or convertible laptop?
These gadgets strike the right balance between price and performance...

CONVERTIBLE

Asus Transformer Book T100

Rs. 34,990

It took a long time coming, but the Asus Transformer Book T100 is the first
tabletnotebook hybrid Windows PC to give you good performance without breaking
the bank. The touchscreen is good to use from different viewing angles and
registers input well. At this price, the battery life is impressive too, lasting
for over 6 hours when connected to the dock and 3 hours in pure tablet mode. And
we love that it uses a standard microUSB connector to charge.

Of course, it all comes down to performance. Granted, this is not a great
machine - you can't use it for professional tasks like image editing or playing
video games like Crysis 3. But for regular usage, i.e. Microsoft Office,
Internet browsing, some light games, it gets the job done. And it's especially
good since you can detach the keyboard and read in bed or play Angry Birds.

However, the all-plastic build feels cheap and one of the buttons gave away.
Plus, the 32GB of internal memory is severely limiting, especially since Windows
8.1 eats up half of it.

Specs: 10.1-inch IPS touchscreen (1366x768 pixels) | 1.33GHz quad-core Intel
Atom BayTrail | 2GB DDR3 RAM | 32GB internal memory, microSD card up to 64GB |
USB 3.0, HDMI ports | Wi-Fi b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0 | 1.2-megapixel front camera |
Windows 8.1

TABLET

Asus Google Nexus 7 (2012 Edition)

Rs. 11,500 (32GB, WI-FI)

The 2013 edition of the Google Nexus 7 and the new iPad Mini are both fantastic
tablets, but they are not worth twice the price of the original Google Nexus 7.
It gets the basics right: a vibrant display with Gorilla Glass protection, a
strong processor that handles most games well, and the option to upgrade to the
latest version of Android. The Wi-Fi model even manages decent battery life. We
suggest going in for the 32GB version since there's no expandable memory card
slot in this one. And the 16GB isn't easily available either.

The Nexus 7 does come with only a front-facing camera though, so it's only for
video calls, not for photography. And be aware, Android does not have as many
made-for-tablet quality apps as you get on the iPads.

Specs: 7-inch IPS LCD (1280x800 pixels) with Gorilla Glass | 1.2GHz quad-core
Nvidia Tegra 3 processor | 1GB RAM | 16/32GB memory, no microSD slot | 1.2MP
front camera | Wi-Fi b/g/n, Bluetooth 3.0, microUSB, GPS | 4325mAh battery |
Android 4.4 KitKat

PHONE

Motorola Moto G

Rs. 12,499 (8GB) | Rs. 13,999 (16GB)

The Moto G has a sharp screen, protected by scratch-resistant glass, and a
processor that runs most games and apps well. It's got the latest version of
Android, v4.4 KitKat, and the interface is buttery smooth. Where the Moto G
shines is in battery life, lasting for 18 hours of average usage - among the
best we've got on a phone.

The camera on the back is decent, although it struggles to take usable photos in
low light. And while it has 720p HD video recording, the audio capture is poor.
But the Moto G's biggest restriction is in the internal memory, as you can only
get the 8GB or 16GB of built-in storage - there's no microSD slot. If you load
it up with your own multimedia and download a few high-def games, you'll run out
of space very quickly!

Specs: 4.5-inch IPS LCD screen (1280x720 pixels) with Gorilla Glass 3 | 1.2GHz
quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor | 1GB RAM | 8/16GB memory, no
micro-SD slot | 5MP rear camera, 1.3MP front camera, 720p HD video recording |
3G, Wi-Fi b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0, microUSB, FM Radio, GPS with A-GPS | 2070mAh
battery | Android 4.4 KitKat

CAMERA

Canon IXUS 255 HS

Rs. 10,000

The quality of the photographs taken with the Canon IXUS 255 HS is surprising
when you consider its price. It easily rivals cameras in the 15K-17K range. The
colours are pitch perfect, there's practically no noise, and it even performs
well in low light. In its macro mode, the IXUS 255 HS can go up close to an
impressive 1 cm distance. That 10x optical zoom will let you shoot anything far
away. And it even packs in WiFi connectivity!

The only issue we have with this shooter is that it doesn't offer much manual
control to the user. Apart from that, it's the perfect slim point-and-shoot to
carry in your pocket.

Specs: 12-megapixel CMOS sensor, 1/2.3-inch | 10x optical zoom (4.3-43mm focal
length) | F3.0-F6.9 Aperture | ISO up to 6400 | 3-inch screen, 461K dots | 1080p
FullHD video recording | Rechargeable Li-ion battery with 220 shots on a single
charge

