
DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, Dec. 30 -- Samsung, which endow with low cost relatively comparable
phones with other companies, will now launch Samsung Google Nexus S Smartphone
in Pakistan soon, with pricing around Rs. 73,000. That's high - we agree, due to
a fact that same phone is going to see a launch in India for just Rs. 24,000.

The last Nexus version of Google Phone came from HTC but this time they have
trusted Samsung with hardware and the new Google Nexus S looks just as other
Samsung Phones.

The reason for Google to give their phone manufacturing task to Samsung would
probably be that Samsung has sold the most number of Android Phones which were
operated by Google. This device is set to be the next flagship phone sporting a
pure Google experience.

Running on Android 2.3 / Gingerbread sporting a subtly reworked user interface
design, and touting some potentially powerful new features, like near-field
communication compatibility.

Nexus S is boasting all the design leanings of Samsung's wildly popular Galaxy S
line, but packing them into a tighter, sleeker and faster package. Let's have a
preview to make you clear for Nexus S

Hardware configuration

It has the core hardware and software combination and this phone is blazingly
fast considering the animations, touch response and general frame rate on
everything seems to be cranked closer to the environs of the IPhone 4.

This phone consists of ARM Cortex A8 1GHz (Humming-Bird) processor core by which
you will experience zipping around on the handset with fluid and natural
feeling. 512 MB RAM adds the swiftness to Samsung Google Nexus S.

Display and User Interface

Nexus S has a Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen of 16M colors measuring screen
4 inches with a resolution of 480 x 800 pixels. The touch input supports
multiple touch and its screen oleo-phobic which means that your fingerprints
embedded on the screen during typing would be wiped off within a second.

The UI has also been nipped and tucked all over the place, with icons and
navigational elements taking on more of a buffed glass feel. With proximity
sensor for auto turn-off and Three-axis gyro sensor makes this gadget good
choice for its display properties. When the phone goes to sleep, there's an
effect of an old cathode ray TV being switched off, and even something as
innocuous as the phone dialer has been refined.

Camera

Samsung Google Nexus S is equipped with an autofocus 5 MP camera that allows you
to take pictures in 2560 x 1920 pixels; it is also embedded with LED flash for
poor lighting conditions.

It supports geo-tagging and automated social network content posting. It is
capable of recording WVGA videos with a frame rate of 720p@30fps. There is also
a secondary VGA camera for video calling. Switching from the front camera to the
rear camera takes minimal hunting and pecking.

Memory

This phone has an internal storage capacity of 16 GB, but unfortunately there is
no support for additional expansion of memory though it doesn't have a slot for
an external memory card (Micro SD). However, it has a dedicated 512 MB for those
who like to multitask or play a lot games from Android Market.

Entertainment

Samsung Google Nexus S has integrated social networking, which will never let
you left alone and will always make you hang-out with your friends. It also
supports MP3/WAV/eAAC+/AC3/FLAC for audio and MP4/DivX/WMV/H.264/H.263 formats
for video entertainment. 3.5 mm audio jack is also built-in.

Connectivity and Battery life

It supports Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n; DLNA, 3G networks with HSDPA 2100 / HSDPA 900,
Bluetooth 2.1 with A2DP and many more other connectivity preferences. It works
on a Li-Ion 1500 mAh which can support GSM: 14h / 3G: 7h of talktime and GSM:
713h / 3G: 428h of stand-by time Published by HT Syndication with permission
from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

