
DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 25 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Google's much-awaited 5-inch Pixel, 5.5-inch Pixel XL smartphones-are available
in India in black and silver colours with attractive EMI options from Tuesday
(October 25).


 Pixel comes with a built-in Google Assistant that will have a natural
conversation with users to find answers or get things done on the go.
 On Flipkart, Google Pixel 32GB is priced Rs 57,000, and Rs 66,000 for the 128GB
variant.
 Similarly, Google Pixel XL priced at Rs 67,000 for the 32GB version, and Rs
76,000 for the 128GB variant.
 The smartphones are available in India on Reliance Digital, Croma, Bajaj
Electronics, Vijay Sales, eZone, Sangeetha, Hotspot Mobiles, Poorvika Mobile
World, and Flipkart.
 Google has used 2.5D Corning Gorilla Glass 4 on the front display and back
glass.
 Pixel has 12.3MP rear camera and 8MP front camera, a fingerprint sensor at the
back and is powered by a battery that can charge the phone for up to seven hours
in just 15 minutes. Pixel comes with the newest Android operating system,
Android 7.1 Nougat.
 With an aim to lead the world of smartphones with its artificial intelligence
(AI)-based technology, Google had launched Pixel smartphones early this month.
 Main features of Pixel smartphones that you need to know:
 The Pixel phones will come in two sizes-Pixel in 5" and Pixel XL in 5.5" size.
 Both have AMOLED screens, with 1080p resolution for the small one (441ppi) and
QHD for the big one (534ppi). Battery capacity is also different, 2,770mAh and
3,450mAh. A battery that lasts all day, and charges fast. Get up to 7 hours of
battery life in just 15 minutes.
 The phones sport Qualcomm supplied a revamped chipset, the Snapdragon 821,
Android 7.1 Nougat. Gogle boasts of highly superior camera performance on Pixel
with 12MP sensor, 1.55Âµm pixels, f/2.0 aperture. The phone also have Electronic
Image Stabilization.
 Google Pixel and Pixel XL also boast of large storag- 32GB (for those that use
Google Photos and Play Music) and 128GB (for those that prefer their data
offline).
 Both come with 4GB of RAM. The phones are loaded with Google services that
cover everything from messaging, through cloud services to AI assistants. The
phones will come with an in-built Google services like Google Home and Duo.
 Google phone can connect to a Google router and cast to a Google media player.
It has seamless glass-aluminum body, with smooth surfaces and easy-to-grip
curved edges. It unlocks fast as you would swipe down on the fingerprint sensor
for quick access to all your notifications.
 The phones come in three colours: Quite Black, Really Blue, Very Silver.

