
                             501 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           September 16, 2016 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

It's seventh heaven only for iPhone pre-orders

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 51

LENGTH: 380 words


Anyone wanting to pick up an iPhone 7 today, the first day the devices arrive in
UK stores, will be disappointed unless they have ordered in advance.

In anticipation of strong demand for the device from die-hard Apple fans, the
company is not allowing sales of either the new iPhone 7 Plus, which retails for
£719, or the cheaper iPhone 7, which starts at £599, to walk-in customers in
this country.

Only those who have ordered the phone in advance for in-store pick-up or home
delivery will get their phones today. This is likely to mean an end to the
familiar snake of people queueing outside Apple stores on launch day.

In the United States and other countries where walk-in sales of the new devices
are possible, online pre-orders have been so strong that supplies are short.

In its home market, the company said that both the iPhone 7 Plus in all colours
and the jet black iPhone 7 were sold out and that only limited quantities of
iPhone 7 in silver, gold, rose gold and black would be available for walkin
customers in American Apple stores. "We couldn't be happier with the initial
response to iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus," the company said.

Apple is hoping that its latest iPhone, which comes with no headphone jack, a
longer battery life, louder speakers, faster processors, an improved camera and
graphics chips, will help it to bounce back from disappointing sales. In the
second quarter of this year, iPhone sales fell for the first time in seven
years, dropping by more than 16 per cent compared with the same period a year
earlier, prompting Apple's first quarterly decline in revenue for 13 years.
Since Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 this month, the early signs have been
positive, with American mobile networks reporting pre-order records. According
to SimilarWeb, the market intelligence firm, the unveiling of the device
generated a 152 per cent rise in oneday traffic to the company's site. This was
higher than other Apple launches of the past two years, though it did not beat
the iPhone 6's traffic surge of 195 per cent in 2014.

Demand for the new device appears also to have beaten the expectations of
analysts. "We believe a number of recent data points suggest a
betterthan-expected iPhone 7 cycle, in both volume and mix," Credit Suisse
analysts said in a note.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2016 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             502 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Turkish Government News

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Apple sells out of iPhone 7 models

LENGTH: 329 words

DATELINE: New York



 Ankara: The Turkish Government has issued the following press release:



   Apple has sold out of many of its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models
before the smartphones become available at retail stores, the company said
Thursday.



 Apple opened up pre-orders for the new mobile phones Sept. 9, soon after the
company unveiled the devices. It appears that those pre-orders have outstripped
supply, and retail stores will not have several versions of the new iPhones when
they officially launch Friday.

 All iPhone 7 Plus smartphones have sold out, and some iPhone 7 models have as
well, including the colored "jet black", a brand new color scheme.

 "We couldn't be happier with the initial response to iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus, and we are looking forward to beginning sales through our retail stores
and partners around the world," Apple said in a statement. "Beginning Friday,
limited quantities of iPhone 7 in silver, gold, rose gold and black will be
available for walk-in customers at Apple retail stores. During the online
pre-order period, initial quantities of iPhone 7 Plus in all finishes and iPhone
7 in jet black sold out and will not be available for walk-in customers."

 The two new iPhones were set to launch in 28 countries on Sept. 16. Customers
can still order the new smartphones, but there will be a wait. The Apple website
claims U.S. residents interested in certain models will have to wait until
November to receive them.

 Shares of Apple increased nearly 4 percent amid the news, closing at $115.57
per share.

 The past week had been good for the company with its stock rising 12 percent
since Monday. The rally is the best four-day streak Apple has seen since April
2014.

 "We sincerely appreciate our customers' patience as we work hard to get the new
iPhone into the hands of everyone who wants one as quickly as possible," Apple
said.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             503 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             coventrytelegraph.net

                     September 9, 2016 Friday 10:04 AM GMT

iPhone 7 will cost you £100 MORE because of Brexit, say experts;
Experts say price hike down to the plunging value of the pound against the
dollar

BYLINE: By James Rodger

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 321 words


If you want to get your hands on the new iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus, then you may
be dismayed to know the product will cost you more than previous models - all
because of Brexit.

It has emerged the iPhone 7 Plus, which goes on pre-sale on Friday 9, September,
will set shoppers back a huge £719 bought outright.

This is compared to £619 for its predecessor - the iPhone 6S Plus, which was
released earlier this year.

The 2016 iPhone 6 model costs £539, however its upgrade, the iPhone 7 Plus,
which goes on official sale on 16 September, will cost shoppers £599 - a
whopping rise of £60.

The price hike can be seen across the board, with the 256GB iPhone 7 Plus model
also now £100 more, at £919.

Apple launches iPhone 7 - but there's one BIG problem with it

Apple has not officially revealed a reason for the price hike, but consumer
experts say it is likely to be down to the plunging value of the pound against
the dollar, after the UK backed Brexit in the EU Referendum back in June.

The revelations come just days after experts predicted a rise in the cost of
bacon batches as the result of Brexit.

Apple does its accounting in dollars so, when the value of the pound drops, the
company has to adjust prices to ensure profits aren't affected.

iPhone 7: How much does it cost and how do I pre-order in the UK?

However, the rise can also be attributed to Apple's decision to scrap the 16GB
model across the board - meaning fans will have to pay slightly more for 32GB
memory going forwards.

Apple supremo Tim Cook revealed that the new phone will be available to
pre-order on Friday, September 9.

iPhone 7: Where to get the best deals with up to £115 cashback discount

Those looking to pre-order the handset can snap up the following cashback deals
from TopCashback.co.uk.

We've compiled some of the best iPhone 7 deals here.

People simply need to click through TopCashback.co.uk to the retailer, to get
the cashback on their iPhone 7 contract.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBET


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             504 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                           September 12, 2016 Monday

Apple iPhone 7 & 7 Plus: New camera systems, water and dust resistance features,
best battery life ever

BYLINE: Nandagopal Rajan

LENGTH: 452  words


The Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in India exactly a month
after their global unveiling at the Bill Graham Centre in San Francisco. When
sales start on October 7, the iPhone 7 model will become available for prices
starting R60,000 for the 32 GB version. We still don't know the pricing of the
iPhone 7 Plus. We spent some time with the two new phones in the crowded
hands-on area behind the venue to find out more about the devices. Here are our
first impressions about the two devices.

iPhone 7

The iPhone 7 is the same size as the iPhone 6s, but the new jet black version
makes it slicker. There are no bands, and it is one pure block of black, shiny
but not slippery. There is another black version with a matte finish that is
more my style. The sides of the phone now remind me a lot of the Apple Watch.
The camera on the Apple 7 is at par with the iPhone 6s Plus, maybe a bit better.
The front camera is surely better.

The display hasn't changed in pixels, but it has more vibrant colours. The
company claims the battery life is at least two hours more in comparison to the
earlier versions. The haptic feedback on the home screen is good and very
similar to the 3D Touch. But we will need to wait for third party apps to put it
to better use. Like with the watch, the phone now wakes up as you turn it
towards you.

Also, with stereo speakers, these should be the best sounding iPhones ever.
However, in the noisy hands-on zone, there was no way to test this out. I think
the iPad is the best sounding mobile device and the iPhone would be an earful
even if it achieves a fraction of that.

iPhone 7 Plus

This phone is all about the dual camera. For me, the ease of zooming on this
camera was really awesome and the first thing that impressed me. It is fast and
it doesn't pixelate when it gets to 10x. The 1x switch is also real fast. I had
the good fortune of testing it on Tim Cook himself in the hands-on area. I could
go from wide to long shot in a jiffy. But we will need more time with the device
to really put the Bokeh effect to test. The devices I tried did not have the
software that gives you the portrait option. That will need to wait a week, I
guess. Also, the demo photos suggest the low light capability will be much
better than before. But again, more on that after a proper hands-on.

However, with what I have seen I am convinced the iPhone 7 Plus is better than
the iPhone 6s Plus, which in my book is the best smartphone camera around. Also,
I don't think this phone, or for that matter, the Huawei Honor P9 or Samsung
Galaxy Note 7, is a threat to other phones as much as it is to the entry range
of DSLRs.

The writer was in San Francisco at the invitation of Apple India.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             505 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                              July 18, 2016 Monday

New video compares iPhone 7 with the iPhone 6S

LENGTH: 202  words


New video confirms rumors about alleged iPhone 7

With the launch of the iPhone 7 just around the corner, more news and leaks of
the iPhone 7 and its Plus variant are flooding the Internet. This time, a new
video compares the iPhone 7 to its earlier iPhone 6S.

This new video was leaked to Chinese social network Weibo, and compares the
upcoming handsets to last years iPhone 6S. There is no way of authenticating the
clip, but the device used in the video has a larger camera lens and a redesigned
antenna layout, which confirms earlier rumors seen in the past. In the video,
the headphone jack has disappeared from the iPhone 7, which is replaced with a
second speaker grille. This might be a new stereo sound feature for the upcoming
device.

The video shows both the front and back views of the iPhone 7. It also uses the
Space Gray color used in the past, however, the video does not talk about any of
the specs. The usual speed and power bumps can be expected, but there might just
be a boost to 3GB of RAM.

The iPhone 7 Plus is rumored to have a better camera, aimed at those who are
into smartphone photography. Anyways, it is just a matter of waiting for a few
months, as the phone will be out in September.

Source

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             506 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 6:13 PM GMT

Amazon just accidentally leaked the new iPhone 7 on its online store;
Amazon unveiled the iPhone on a specialised page dedicated to iPhone 7
accessories.

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 214 words


Amazon has just accidentally lifted the lid on Apple's upcoming smartphone one
hour before the company's iPhone 7 launch event by revealing the phone in a
specialised page dedicated to iPhone 7 accessories.

The image includes an iPhone with the rumored dual back-facing camera alongside
a link for Bluetooth headphones, which likely confirms the long rumored removal
of the headphone jack in the upcoming handset.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Apple Watch 2 unveiled, Super Mario Run
coming to the app store

From what we can see, the phone featured in the page looks very similar the
iPhone 6, except for the dual cameras. The phone will reportedly have four LED
flash lights - two in cool colours, and two in warm colours - and an ambient
light sensor.

Forget the iPhone 7 launch - experts say wait for the iPhone 8

Amazon took the page down shortly afterTwitter users had discovered it and
replaced it with a "Sorry, we couldn't find that page" error notice, however it
seems to be live again now .

As expected, the Twitter users reacted with elation to the announcement.

Apple is set to announce the new iPhone in the next our at an event in San
Francisco. Stay with us for updates on the annoucnement.

The iPhone 7 is about to launch but everyone just wants Apple to fix one thing

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             507 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                       April 29, 2016 Friday 03:06 PM EST

iPhone 7 may immediately be followed by the iPhone 8

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 537  words


Click for image

Even though Apple last quarter generated $50.6 billion in revenue and $10.5
billion in profits last quarter (more than Google, Microsoft and Facebook
combined), analysts came away disappointed. Specifically, analysts expressed
concern regarding falling iPhone sales. In fact, this quarter marked the first
time in history that Apple experienced a year over year drop in iPhone sales.

For the quarter gone by, Apple sold 51.1 million iPhones compared to 61.7
million iPhones during the same quarter a year-ago. With many now worried that
we've perhaps reached 'peak iPhone', Apple is now feeling a lot of pressure to
really deliver with the iPhone 7. Further, because 'S' cycle refreshes typically
focus on internal upgrades and thus don't generate as much excitement, Barclays
analyst Mark Moskowitz believes that Apple might do away with the iPhone 7s
altogether. Instead, the iPhone 7 may swiftly be followed by the iPhone 8 in
2017.

MacRumors reports:

Citing industry sources, Moskowitz says the Cupertino company won't debut a
spec-bumped, internally upgraded "iPhone 7s" in 2017, but a completely
overhauled "iPhone 8" with "major design changes" and new, next-generation
features like wireless charging.

This certainly makes sense from both a marketing and business perspective. One,
numbered iPhone upgrades always perform better than 'S' cycle upgrades. That
being the case, why wouldn't Apple just abandon its 'S' naming scheme
altogether? Second, if the iPhone 8 is truly a significant upgrade, the
marketing almost writes itself: Our new iPhone is so amazing we've decided that
it's worthy of being called the iPhone 8.

Indeed, rumors surrounding Apple's 2017 iPhone (perhaps to be called the iPhone
8) are already in heavy supply. Specifically, we've seen a number of reports
indicating that Apple's 2017 iPhone will sport a curved OLED display. On top of
that, some more speculative reports claim that such a device will feature a home
button embedded right into the display.

Consequently, Moskowitz believes that the current decline in iPhone sales may
simply be a short-lived phenomenon that Apple will soon be able to move past.

Moskowitz's report reads in part:

Silver lining - there might be no "S" cycle in C2017. Our conversations with
industry participants suggest Apple could skip the "S" cycle next year and
instead jump to IP8. The jump could showcase major form factor changes,
including OLED, no home button, and wireless charging. In our view, these
potential changes could drive a mega cycle, underpinning our C2017 iPhone unit
growth estimate of 10.3%, vs. 6.3% previously.

As for the upcoming iPhone 7 which will presumably be showcased this coming
September, recent leaks suggest that it will largely look exactly like the
iPhone 6s, albeit a bit thinner. Of course, the most intriguing rumor
surrounding the iPhone 7 is that it will ship without a traditional 3.5mm
headphone jack. Instead, audio-out will reportedly be handled by the iPhone's
Lightning port. Some other features rumored to be planned for the iPhone 7
include a bigger battery, a dual camera system (only on the 5.5-inch model),
more storage, a speedy A10 processor, and last but not least, a water and
dust-proof design.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             508 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              liverpoolecho.co.uk

                     September 16, 2016 Friday 10:08 AM GMT

Pre-ordered iPhone 7s are not being delivered today and people FUMING;
Apple's latest smartphone has already flown off the shelves leaving many
companies out of stock

BYLINE: By Rebecca Koncienzcy

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 322 words


Apple customers across Merseyside are fuming that they will not be receiving
their new iPhone 7 today despite pre-ordering.

No mobile phone company seems to be immune from the backlash as people took to
social media to vent their anger and frustration.

Many are now being told that they will have to wait weeks or months for the
tech-giant's new phone.

One Twitter user @kellieann23 said: "Fuming!! My iPhone7 plus I wanted now they
only have iPhone7!! Have to wait a few weeks or months now for it!! #TescoMobile
ruined my day!!"

Another, @stewsadler, said: "@EE i think its a bit out of order that my wife
ordered an iPhone 7 last Sunday, but gets a text last night to say she wont get
it today."

And it wasn't just people waiting for the postman to arrive.

Consumers who had travelled all the way down to the shop in the city centre were
told that they had a five week wait for their iPhone.

20-year-old Jess Punton, from Rainford, said: "I rang Apple yesterday and asked
if the new iPhone would be available in store this morning, they said it would
be.

"I have came into Liverpool early and I have been told they are already sold
out, I have now made a reservation for the phone and have a five week wait."

And Emma Boner, 22 from Crosby will not be receiving her new gadget until
November as she has ordered the IPhone 7 Plus in Jet Black.

Apple said yesterday: "We couldn't be happier with the initial response to the
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and we are looking forward to beginning sales
through our retail stores and partners around the world.

iPhone 7 Plus and jet black iPhone 7 sold out to pre-order customers

"Beginning Friday, limited quantities of iPhone 7 in silver, gold, rose gold and
black will be available for walk-in customers at Apple retail stores.

"During the online pre-order period, initial quantities of iPhone 7 Plus in all
finishes and iPhone 7 in jet black sold out and will not be available for
walk-in customers."

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBLIV


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             509 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                dailypost.co.uk

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 8:47 PM GMT

How much will the iPhone 7 cost and when will it hit shop shelves in North
Wales?;
The latest iPhone was unveiled by Apple in San Francisco

BYLINE: By Owen Hughes

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 316 words


Apple has launched its latest handset at an event in San Francisco.

Apple chief executive Tim Cook unveiled the iPhone 7, saying the firm's
smartphone had become the "industry gold standard", and the smartphone "by which
all overs are measured".

iPhone 7 will cost $649(around £500), coming in silver, gold, rose gold, black
and the new jet black.

It will be released in the UK on September 16.

iPhone 7 Plus starts at $769.

4G mast will bring better North Wales mobile coverage...but could hit YOUR
television signal

They will both be available in sizes up to 256GB.

The iPhone 7 has stereo speakers for the first time.

iPhone 7 Plus is set to have two cameras. This will have a superior zoom feature
than the standard iPhone 7. The new camera system has optical image
stabilisation, to prevent shaking hands from ruining images.

The second lens on the 7 Plus is a 'telephoto' lens and will enable users to
quickly zoom in without losing image quality - something that has plagued
smartphones for years.

An extra two hours of battery life will be added onto the new iPhone 7 and 7
Plus models.

The new iPhone will be water and dust resistant.

The home button has been given a vibration-based taptic feedback system so it
now vibrates when touched to give users feedback. The feature is already in use
on the firm's MacBook laptops.

Samsung suspends Galaxy Note 7 smartphone sales over exploding battery fears

Apple also confirmed the removal of the headphone jack connection on the base of
the phone. Apple said it now includes earphones in their boxes that connect to
the iPhone's Lightning connection, currently used for charging and data
transfer.

An adaptor will also be included in the box that will enable traditional
headphone users to connect to the new iPhone and continue to use their existing
headset.

New "breakthrough" wireless EarPods called AirPods were also unveiled for those
wanting to go wireless.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDPNM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             510 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Geelong Advertiser (Australia)

                            September 9, 2016 Friday
                                Geelong Edition

iPhone camera wows fans

BYLINE: Rod Chester

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 334 words


REACTION to the Apple iPhone launch yesterday was a mixed bag: great new extra
camera but shame about the headphone jack.

Apple CEO Tim Cook -unveiled a new model iPhone and Apple Watch that are both
faster, smarter and, at last, waterproof.

The timing of the iPhone event is perfect for Apple, coming just days after
Samsung was forced to recall its flagship Note 7 over a string of reports of the
phone bursting into flames while charging.

Technology analyst Jan Dawson, of Jackdaw Research, called the dual-lens camera
in the iPhone 7 Plus the "headline" of the event.

This is the first iPhone to have two rear 12-megapixel cameras, which gives the
iPhone 7 Plus a 2x optical zoom and the ability to mimic the shallow depth of
field effect you typically get when shooting pictures with a DSLR.

Mr Dawson said the dual lens camera, which is available only in the bigger
Plus-sized iPhone, would boost sales of the 5.5-inch iPhone.

"This is going to drive people up, this is going to increase average selling
prices and it's going to drive iPhone revenue growth rather than shipment
growth," he said.

One of the biggest selling points of the new camera, apart from the zoom, is the
blurred backgrounds the iPhone 7 Plus will do when shooting portraits after a
software update this year.

Mr Dawson said Apple had work to do selling its message, with a negative
reaction on -social media to the news that Apple had ditched the 3.5mm audio
jack, which would force people to connect their headphones through the Lightning
port or switch to wireless headphones, which need regular charging.

While Apple will ship an adaptor with the new iPhone that will let people
connect -existing headphones through the Lightning port, the downside is that
users will not be able to use wired headphones and charge the iPhone 7 at the
same time.

The iPhone 7 starts at $1079 and the iPhone 7 Plus starts at $1269. Orders are
open and it goes on sale next Friday.The Apple Watch Series 2 begins at $520 and
goes on sale next Thursday.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Geelong Advertiser


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             511 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       August 29, 2016 Monday 6:51 PM GMT

iPhone 7 launch date CONFIRMED - Apple to unveil its new smartphone next week;
Apple appears to have confirmed the launch date of its long-awaited iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 518 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event next week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name "
iPhone 7", as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
recreate with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera.

However, these dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if
Apple was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket.

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones.

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that it the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button, but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof. Smartphone rivals
like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling point
for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Earlier rumours suggested that the new handset will no longer come in a 16GB
model - but that the top-of-the-range iPhone will now offer 256GB of storage.

It's also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your phone will
get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7, suggesting Apple may be considering different colour options.

We'll be following all the build-up to the iPhone 7 launch, and the event itself
on Mirror Online, so stay tuned.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             512 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 29, 2016 Monday 6:51 PM GMT

iPhone 7 launch date CONFIRMED - Apple to unveil its new smartphone next week;
Apple appears to have confirmed the launch date of its long-awaited iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 518 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event next week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name "
iPhone 7", as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
recreate with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera.

However, these dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if
Apple was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket.

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones.

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that it the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button, but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof. Smartphone rivals
like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling point
for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Earlier rumours suggested that the new handset will no longer come in a 16GB
model - but that the top-of-the-range iPhone will now offer 256GB of storage.

It's also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your phone will
get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7, suggesting Apple may be considering different colour options.

We'll be following all the build-up to the iPhone 7 launch, and the event itself
on Mirror Online, so stay tuned.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             513 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

What's The Mystery Behind Hissing iPhone 7s

BYLINE: Sohini Bagchi

LENGTH: 309  words


Apple's iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus makes a hissing sound which may pretty much
disappoint you

Apple's iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus seems to have a hissing problem, according to
reports from users and reviewers. The issue was first noted by 512 Pixels'
Stephen Hackett, who posted about the same on Twitter, and also shared a YouTube
link to the hissing sound from his iPhone 7 Plus. [Check out the video here]

Hackett wrote on Twitter, "My iPhone 7 Plus makes terrible noises when under
load," and has added the YouTube link. And his complaint has been corroborated
by others as well who are facing the same problem.

TechCrunch writer Darrell Etherington also posted on Twitter saying a brand new,
just un-boxed iPhone 7 Plus was doing the same thing, aka the hissing sound. It
seems the iPhone 7 series is making this hissing sound, which is what is known
as a 'coil noise' made by a high-powered processor when under load.

At present, there are several theories about why this is happening, even though
nobody knows the real cause behind it.

Engadget Jon Fingas said that "some suspect coil whine or similar
electromagnetic effects." He also points out that it's not a universal problem
because he has "tested an iPhone 7 using 3DMark 'Ice Storm Extreme,' a
performance benchmark that puts the processor under serious strain, and heard no
hissing at all."

Apple Insider speculated that it "could involve the RF transmitter or some other
form of interference with the speaker system."

According to iMore, this hissing sound is not just an iPhone 7 problem. The
author noted that pretty much all devices make this 'hissing noise' especially
in "high-intensity CPU/GPU activity."

Apple has so far declined to comment on 'hissing-gate.' Instead it reminded
iPhones had faced the bending issue, but it was still one of the most talked
about things for the iPhone 6 Plus launch.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             514 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                       April 4, 2016 Monday 11:21 AM EST

iPhone 7's best feature may be limited to the 5.5-inch model

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 437  words


Click for image

Though the original iPhone camera was nothing special, Apple has made a
concerted effort over the past few years to invest more heavily in camera
technologies and related R&D. Indeed, a recent profile on Apple from 60 minutes
revealed that Apple has no less than 800 scientists and engineers all working on
improving the iPhone's camera quality. Clearly, Apple's commitment towards
improving mobile camera quality cannot be questioned, or perhaps even rivaled.

As a result, the iPhone camera today is arguably the best on the market. Though
the recently released Galaxy S7 has performed well in testing, it stands to
reason that the upcoming iPhone 7 will once again set a new bar for mobile
camera performance.

Specifically, it's largely believed that Apple with the iPhone 7 will implement
a dual-camera system that will result in photographs with less noise, more
clarity and improved color fidelity. What's more, a dual camera system would
improve the ability of the device to maintain image quality and detail when
zooming in while also improving overall low light performance.

While that all sounds great, a new report from reputed analyst Ming-Chi Kuo (via
MacRumors) suggests that the feature may only be available on the
larger-screened 5.5-inch iPhone 7 model.

New iPhone shipments to be capped by similar form factor as iPhone 6s & 6s Plus;
top hardware upgrade is dual-camera (5.5-inch model only), though many competing
models with dual-camera will launch soon, joining others already on the market;
first impressions could underwhelm.

While this may be disappointing who find the 5.5-inch iPhone model to be a bit
unwieldy and cumbersome to use, it's not all that surprising. Going back to the
iPhone 6, Apple has always provided an incentive for users to upgrade to its
larger screened iPhone model. With the iPhone 6s lineup, for example, only the
iPhone 6s Plus was graced with optical image stabilization.

As far as other iPhone 7 features are concerned, it's believed that the iPhone 7
will be waterproof and dustproof, will support wireless charging, and will
feature more RAM along with a 256GB storage option. Of course, the most widely
discussed iPhone 7 feature, if you want to call it that, is that the device may
ship without the traditional 3.5mm headphone jack.

While there have been rumblings that Apple is actively exploring the use of OLED
displays, it's believed that we'll have to wait until the iPhone 7s at the
earliest before witnessing a change to Apple's favored display technology.

Lastly, the following video serves to demonstrate the advantage of a dual camera
implementation.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             515 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

New iPhone features nice, but Apple faces a tough sell

BYLINE: Josh Mcconnell, Financial Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. B10

LENGTH: 547 words


If it's September, there must be a brand new iPhone line from Apple Inc. And if
this year's iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year's iPhone, that's
because, well, it is.

Called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time
Apple has not followed one of its S-series with a design change - a deviation
from its usual two-year design cycle. The height, width and depth dimensions of
the new phones are all identical to the previous iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, though
the weight is slightly less.

The Financial Post was one of a few media outlets globally to receive early
review units of both phones to test all of the new features.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that's up to 40 per cent faster than
last year's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50 per cent better
graphics capabilities. The phones feel quicker in simple day-to-day tasks such
as web browsing, switching between apps or restarting. More intensive actions
such as photo or video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more
quickly.

The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine vibration that
creates the illusion of the user pressing a button without anything actually
moving. Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them water and dust
resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help free up space internally for other technology, like a
bigger battery or the taptic engine. Regular headphones can now be connected
using an adapter, which will retail for only $10, for the device's Lightning
port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods that are releasing in October. The only real usability issue with a lack
of headphone jack is when you want to charge your phone while listening to
music, which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the
new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved low-light photos with
better detail and less graininess. The smaller 4.4-inch iPhone is getting
optical stabilization as well, which features sensors that move the lens
slightly to fight against handshake movement and motion blur.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hoping you'll pay
extra for, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that's permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now "zoom in" optically when taking
photos without losing quality. Software also uses both lenses to create a better
digital zoom up to 10x, as opposed to the previous 5x.

The iPhone continues to be among the best smartphones on the market, but the new
version could be a tough sell for some. The new features seem fairly
incremental.

If you have an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you won't see as much of a difference this
year other than the big camera upgrades. But if you have an even older iPhone,
then there is plenty to like about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016
Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Associated Press; The iPhone 7 Plus camera has a permanent zoom
feature.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             516 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 1, 2016 Thursday 7:23 PM GMT

iPhone 7 could give Apple fans one very big reason to upgrade;
Apple packaging leak appears to confirm a 256GB model of the iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 318 words


Apple fans may be bemoaning the rumoured loss of the headphone jack with the
iPhone 7, but there's one very big incentive to upgrade.

According to the latest leaked images, Apple's next plus-size smartphone could
feature more internal storage than any of its predecessors - meaning more room
to download apps and store photos than ever before.

There have been rumours that Apple is planning to launch a 256GB model for some
time, but now a sheet outlining some of the key features of the iPhone 7 Plus
has emerged on Chinese microblogging site Weibo , appearing to confirm the
rumour.

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone

The sheet clearly shows plans for a 256GB version of the device - doubling the
capacity of the largest iPhone 6s Plus.

This is a huge amount of storage for an iPhone. For context, it's the same
amount of storage offered on Apple's top-of-the-range iPad Pro , which costs
£739.

Apple's decision to include this option may relate to rumours that the iPhone 7
Plus will have a dual lens camera , capable of capturing SLR-quality photos.

If this is the case, it is likely that the images captured will take up a lot
more storage space than standard iPhone photos.

Apple has also launched a new iCloud tier this week, offering a massive two
terabytes of storage for just £19.99 a month. This is the largest amount of
space offered by the company to date.

The leaked spec sheet, whose authenticity has not been verified, also suggests
that Apple's will bundle the new iPhone with its own EarPods, featuring a
Lightning connector, and a "Lightning to Headphone Jack Adapter".

This differs from earlier rumours, which suggested the iPhone 7 would come
bundled with wireless "AirPod" earphones .

Apple is expected to unveil its iPhone 7 at an event in San Francisco on
September 7. For all the latest rumours, check out our full round-up here .

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             517 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              chroniclelive.co.uk

                     September 16, 2016 Friday 12:45 PM GMT

New iPhone 7 went on sale in Newcastle today - but what is different about it?;

Dozens of people queued outside the Apple shop in Edlon Square as the iPhone 7
was released today

BYLINE: By Katie Dickinson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 423 words


Dozens of keen customers have been queuing outside Eldon Square's Apple store to
get their hands on the new iPhone 7 in Newcastle.

The latest iPhones which were announced last week in San Francisco come in a
black and jet black finish for the first time.

Apple warned on Thursday that initial stocks of the iPhone 7 Plus had already
sold out the day before launch day, while the jet black iPhone 7 would also not
be available to walk-in customers.

The queue of eager shoppers outside Apple Eldon Square was largely made up of
those who had reserved a spot to pick up a pre-ordered device.

Graeme Dougal, 42, from Newcastle, was among those queueing early outside the
store.

He said: "I'm excited about the new features. I'm a software developer so I'll
be interested to see the new apps."

And Lauren Ord, 21, had left home in Seaham, County Durham, at 8am to get her
hands on the new flagship smartphone.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will both come in two new black finishes and are water
resistant for the first time.

Apple caused controversy when announcing the iPhone 7 when it revealed the new
devices would no longer have a headphone jack, instead asking customers to
connect headphones via the Lightning connector, or use wireless headsets.

So what is different about the iPhone 7?

The new device is waterproof and the larger model comes with an dual lens camera
capable of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

The iPhone 7 is available from a starting price of £599 for the cheapest 32GB
option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a
whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus is even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

A new version of the Apple Watch, called the Series 2, has also gone on sale
today.

The Apple Watch Series 2 looks very similar to the company's first edition
Watch, with a square face.

However, while the first Apple Watch was "splash" proof, the second edition
Series 2 is "swim" proof - completely water resistant to a depth of 50 meters,
in both swimming pools and open water.

The Watch Series 2 also features a second-generation display that's two times
brighter at 1000 nits, which Apple said will make all the difference when
wearers are outside in the sun.

To ensure workouts are more accurate and the Watch Series 2 has built-in GPS,
which connects to satellites instantly, and even means that a route map will
show your varying speeds.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBNEC


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             518 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              chroniclelive.co.uk

                     September 16, 2016 Friday 12:45 PM GMT

New iPhone 7 went on sale in Newcastle today - but what is different about it?;

Dozens of people queued outside the Apple shop in Eldon Square as the iPhone 7
was released today

BYLINE: By Katie Dickinson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 423 words


Dozens of keen customers have been queuing outside Eldon Square's Apple store to
get their hands on the new iPhone 7 in Newcastle.

The latest iPhones which were announced last week in San Francisco come in a
black and jet black finish for the first time.

Apple warned on Thursday that initial stocks of the iPhone 7 Plus had already
sold out the day before launch day, while the jet black iPhone 7 would also not
be available to walk-in customers.

The queue of eager shoppers outside Apple Eldon Square was largely made up of
those who had reserved a spot to pick up a pre-ordered device.

Graeme Dougal, 42, from Newcastle, was among those queueing early outside the
store.

He said: "I'm excited about the new features. I'm a software developer so I'll
be interested to see the new apps."

And Lauren Ord, 21, had left home in Seaham, County Durham, at 8am to get her
hands on the new flagship smartphone.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will both come in two new black finishes and are water
resistant for the first time.

Apple caused controversy when announcing the iPhone 7 when it revealed the new
devices would no longer have a headphone jack, instead asking customers to
connect headphones via the Lightning connector, or use wireless headsets.

So what is different about the iPhone 7?

The new device is waterproof and the larger model comes with an dual lens camera
capable of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

The iPhone 7 is available from a starting price of £599 for the cheapest 32GB
option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a
whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus is even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

A new version of the Apple Watch, called the Series 2, has also gone on sale
today.

The Apple Watch Series 2 looks very similar to the company's first edition
Watch, with a square face.

However, while the first Apple Watch was "splash" proof, the second edition
Series 2 is "swim" proof - completely water resistant to a depth of 50 meters,
in both swimming pools and open water.

The Watch Series 2 also features a second-generation display that's two times
brighter at 1000 nits, which Apple said will make all the difference when
wearers are outside in the sun.

To ensure workouts are more accurate and the Watch Series 2 has built-in GPS,
which connects to satellites instantly, and even means that a route map will
show your varying speeds.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBNEC


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             519 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Brantford Expositor

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

New iPhone features are nice, but Apple will have a tough sell

BYLINE: Josh Mcconnell, Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 488  words


If it's September, there must be a brand new iPhone line from Apple Inc. And if
this year's iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year's iPhone, that's
because, well, it is.

Called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time
Apple has not followed one of its S-series with a design change - a deviation
from its usual two-year design cycle. The height, width and depth dimensions of
the new phones are all identical to the previous iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, though
the weight is slightly less.

The Financial Post was one of a few media outlets globally to receive early
review units of both phones to test all of the new features.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that's up to 40 per cent faster than
last year's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50 per cent better
graphics capabilities. The phones feel quicker in simple dayto-day tasks such as
web browsing, switching between apps or restarting. More intensive actions such
as photo or video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more
quickly. The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine
vibration that creates the illusion of the user pressing a button without
anything actually moving. Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them
water and dust resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help free up space internally for other technology, like a
bigger battery or the taptic engine. Regular headphones can now be connected
using an adapter, which will retail for only $10, for the device's Lightning
port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods that are releasing in October.

The only real usability issue with a lack of headphone jack is when you want to
charge your phone while listening to music, which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the
new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved lowlight photos with
better detail and less graininess.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hoping you'll pay
extra for, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that's permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now "zoom in " optically when taking
photos without losing quality.

If you have an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you won't see as much of a difference this
year other than the big camera upgrades. But if you have an even older iPhone,
then there is plenty to like about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Both will be available Sept. 16 starting at $899 and $1049, respectively, off
contract. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press; The lightning port of an iPhone
7 is shown during an event to announce new Apple products on Sept. 7 in San
Francisco.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Brantford Expositor
                              All Rights Reserved


                             520 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Daily Herald-Tribune (Grande Prairie)

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

New iPhone features are nice, but Apple will have a tough sell

BYLINE: Josh Mcconnell, Daily Herald-Tribune (Grande Prairie)

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 489  words


If it's September, there must be a brand new iPhone line from Apple Inc. And if
this year's iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year's iPhone, that's
because, well, it is.

Called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time
Apple has not followed one of its S-series with a design change - a deviation
from its usual two-year design cycle. The height, width and depth dimensions of
the new phones are all identical to the previous iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, though
the weight is slightly less.

The Financial Post was one of a few media outlets globally to receive early
review units of both phones to test all of the new features.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that's up to 40 per cent faster than
last year's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50 per cent better
graphics capabilities. The phones feel quicker in simple day-to-day tasks such
as web browsing, switching between apps or restarting. More intensive actions
such as photo or video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more
quickly. The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine
vibration that creates the illusion of the user pressing a button without
anything actually moving. Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them
water and dust resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help free up space internally for other technology, like a
bigger battery or the taptic engine. Regular headphones can now be connected
using an adapter, which will retail for only $10, for the device's Lightning
port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods that are releasing in October. The only real usability issue with a lack
of headphone jack is when you want to charge your phone while listening to
music, which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the
new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved lowlight photos with
better detail and less graininess.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hoping you'll pay
extra for, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that's permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now "zoom in " optically when taking
photos without losing quality.

If you have an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you won't see as much of a difference this
year other than the big camera upgrades. But if you have an even older iPhone,
then there is plenty to like about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Both will be available Sept. 16 starting at $899 and $1049, respectively, off
contract. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press; The lightning port of an iPhone
7 is shown during an event to announce new Apple products on Sept. 7 in San
Francisco.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Daily Herald-Tribune (Grande Prairie)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             521 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Kingston Whig-Standard

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

New iPhone features are nice, but Apple will have a tough sell

BYLINE: Josh Mcconnell, The Whig-Standard

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. C7

LENGTH: 488  words


If it's September, there must be a brand new iPhone line from Apple Inc. And if
this year's iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year's iPhone, that's
because, well, it is.

Called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time
Apple has not followed one of its S-series with a design change - a deviation
from its usual two-year design cycle. The height, width and depth dimensions of
the new phones are all identical to the previous iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, though
the weight is slightly less.

The Financial Post was one of a few media outlets globally to receive early
review units of both phones to test all of the new features.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that's up to 40 per cent faster than
last year's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50 per cent better
graphics capabilities. The phones feel quicker in simple dayto-day tasks such as
web browsing, switching between apps or restarting. More intensive actions such
as photo or video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more
quickly. The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine
vibration that creates the illusion of the user pressing a button without
anything actually moving. Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them
water and dust resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help free up space internally for other technology, like a
bigger battery or the taptic engine. Regular headphones can now be connected
using an adapter, which will retail for only $10, for the device's Lightning
port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods that are releasing in October. The only real usability issue with a lack
of headphone jack is when you want to charge your phone while listening to
music, which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the
new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved lowlight photos with
better detail and less graininess.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hoping you'll pay
extra for, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that's permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now "zoom in" optically when taking
photos without losing quality.

If you have an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you won't see as much of a difference this
year other than the big camera upgrades. But if you have an even older iPhone,
then there is plenty to like about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Both will be available Sept. 16 starting at $899 and $1049, respectively,
offcontract. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press; The lightning port of an iPhone
7 is shown during an event to announce new Apple products on Sept. 7 in San
Francisco.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Kingston Whig-Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                             522 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Niagara Falls Review

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

New iPhone features are nice, but Apple will have a tough sell

BYLINE: Josh Mcconnell, Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 489  words


If it's September, there must be a brand new iPhone line from Apple Inc. And if
this year's iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year's iPhone, that's
because, well, it is.

Called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time
Apple has not followed one of its S-series with a design change - a deviation
from its usual two-year design cycle. The height, width and depth dimensions of
the new phones are all identical to the previous iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, though
the weight is slightly less.

The Financial Post was one of a few media outlets globally to receive early
review units of both phones to test all of the new features.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that's up to 40 per cent faster than
last year's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50 per cent better
graphics capabilities. The phones feel quicker in simple dayto-day tasks such as
web browsing, switching between apps or restarting. More intensive actions such
as photo or video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more
quickly. The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine
vibration that creates the illusion of the user pressing a button without
anything actually moving. Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them
water and dust resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help free up space internally for other technology, like a
bigger battery or the taptic engine. Regular headphones can now be connected
using an adapter, which will retail for only $10, for the device's Lightning
port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods that are releasing in October. The only real usability issue with a lack
of headphone jack is when you want to charge your phone while listening to
music, which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the
new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved lowlight photos with
better detail and less graininess.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hoping you'll pay
extra for, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that's permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now "zoom in " optically when taking
photos without losing quality.

If you have an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you won't see as much of a difference this
year other than the big camera upgrades. But if you have an even older iPhone,
then there is plenty to like about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Both will be available Sept. 16 starting at $899 and $1049, respectively, off
contract. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press; The lightning port of an iPhone
7 is shown during an event to announce new Apple products on Sept. 7 in San
Francisco.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Niagara Falls Review
                              All Rights Reserved


                             523 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Northern Daily News (Kirkland Lake)

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

New iPhone features are nice, but Apple will have a tough sell

BYLINE: Josh Mcconnell, Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 477  words


If it's September, there must be a brand new iPhone line from Apple Inc. And if
this year's iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year's iPhone, that's
because, well, it is.

Called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time
Apple has not followed one of its S-series with a design change - a deviation
from its usual two-year design cycle. The height, width and depth dimensions of
the new phones are all identical to the previous iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, though
the weight is slightly less.

The Financial Post was one of a few media outlets globally to receive early
review units of both phones to test all of the new features.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that's up to 40 per cent faster than
last year's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50 per cent better
graphics capabilities. The phones feel quicker in simple dayto-day tasks such as
web browsing, switching between apps or restarting. More intensive actions such
as photo or video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more
quickly. The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine
vibration that creates the illusion of the user pressing a button without
anything actually moving. Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them
water and dust resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help

free up space internally for other technology, like a bigger battery or the
taptic engine. Regular headphones can now be connected using an adapter, which
will retail for only $10, for the device's Lightning port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods that are releasing in October. The only real usability issue with a lack
of headphone jack is when you want to charge your phone while listening to
music, which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the
new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved lowlight photos with
better detail and less graininess.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hoping you'll pay
extra for, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that's permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now "zoom in" optically when taking
photos without losing quality.

If you have an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you won't see as much of a difference this
year other than the big camera upgrades. But if you have an even older iPhone,
then there is plenty to like about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Both will be available Sept. 16 starting at $899 and $1049, respectively,
offcontract.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press; The lightning port of an iPhone
7 is shown during an event to announce new Apple products on Sept. 7 in San
Francisco.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Northern Daily News (Kirkland Lake)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             524 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Packet & Times (Orillia)

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

New iPhone features are nice, but Apple will have a tough sell

BYLINE: Josh Mcconnell, Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 488  words


If it's September, there must be a brand new iPhone line from Apple Inc. And if
this year's iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year's iPhone, that's
because, well, it is.

Called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time
Apple has not followed one of its S-series with a design change - a deviation
from its usual two-year design cycle. The height, width and depth dimensions of
the new phones are all identical to the previous iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, though
the weight is slightly less.

The Financial Post was one of a few media outlets globally to receive early
review units of both phones to test all of the new features.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that's up to 40 per cent faster than
last year's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50 per cent better
graphics capabilities. The phones feel quicker in simple dayto-day tasks such as
web browsing, switching between apps or restarting. More intensive actions such
as photo or video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more
quickly. The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine
vibration that creates the illusion of the user pressing a button without
anything actually moving. Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them
water and dust resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help free up space internally for other technology, like a
bigger battery or the taptic engine. Regular headphones can now be connected
using an adapter, which will retail for only $10, for the device's Lightning
port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods that are releasing in October. The only real usability issue with a lack
of headphone jack is when you want to charge your phone while listening to
music, which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the
new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved lowlight photos with
better detail and less graininess.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hoping you'll pay
extra for, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that's permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now "zoom in" optically when taking
photos without losing quality.

If you have an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you won't see as much of a difference this
year other than the big camera upgrades. But if you have an even older iPhone,
then there is plenty to like about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Both will be available Sept. 16 starting at $899 and $1049, respectively,
offcontract. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press; The lightning port of an iPhone
7 is shown during an event to announce new Apple products on Sept. 7 in San
Francisco.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Packet & Times (Orillia)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             525 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                            October 24, 2016 Monday

@New screen S/C head;iPhone 7 sales begin in Korea in absence of Galaxy Note 7

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 341 words


The Korea Herald

Asia News Network

Seoul

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;

Apple's iPhone 7 kicked off its sales in South Korea amid the absence of the
Galaxy Note 7.

The sales of Apple's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus began in South Korea on Friday,
amid high expectations that the US tech giant could reap added success here in
the absence of Samsung Electronics' Galaxy Note 7.

Apple officially launched its latest iPhone series through Korea's three major
mobile carriers SK Telecom, KT and LG Uplus as well as local Apple retailer
Frisbee, with sales starting from 8am local time on Friday. South Korea has long
been a tough market for Apple, as Samsung has maintained its undisputed
leadership in the local smartphone business, with a market share of
approximately 70 per cent.

However, now, expectations are high that Apple could score new purchases from
Korean customers who may be willing to try out the new iPhone, as Samsung has
pulled its new smartphone from the market due to battery safety issues.

The 4.7-inch iPhone 7 and the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus are available in five
colours; rose gold, silver, gold, black and the popular jet black edition.
However, both run on the iOS 10 operating system.

Unlike previous models, the iPhone 7 series does not have earphone sockets and
are instead accompanied by wireless earphones â[#x20ac]" a design change made by
Apple to make the new devices waterproof. The iPhone 7 is priced at 869,000 won
(Bt27,000), while the iPhone 7 Plus costs 1.02 million won for the 32GB model.
Prices are higher for the 128 gigabite and 256GB models.

South Korea's three mobile carriers have begun a fierce competition to attract
more iPhone 7 customers to their own retailers, introducing varying subsidies
and discount promotions.

In terms of immediate savings, customers can choose to receive either an upfront
subsidy, which varies across carriers, or a unilateral 20 per cent discount on
the monthly payment plan of their choice.

The three firms have also introduced their own warranty programmes for new
iPhone customers.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             526 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                            October 24, 2016 Monday

@New screen S/C head;iPhone 7 sales begin in Korea in absence of Galaxy Note 7

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 341 words


The Korea Herald

Asia News Network

Seoul

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;

Apple's iPhone 7 kicked off its sales in South Korea amid the absence of the
Galaxy Note 7.

The sales of Apple's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus began in South Korea on Friday,
amid high expectations that the US tech giant could reap added success here in
the absence of Samsung Electronics' Galaxy Note 7.

Apple officially launched its latest iPhone series through Korea's three major
mobile carriers SK Telecom, KT and LG Uplus as well as local Apple retailer
Frisbee, with sales starting from 8am local time on Friday. South Korea has long
been a tough market for Apple, as Samsung has maintained its undisputed
leadership in the local smartphone business, with a market share of
approximately 70 per cent.

However, now, expectations are high that Apple could score new purchases from
Korean customers who may be willing to try out the new iPhone, as Samsung has
pulled its new smartphone from the market due to battery safety issues.

The 4.7-inch iPhone 7 and the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus are available in five
colours; rose gold, silver, gold, black and the popular jet black edition.
However, both run on the iOS 10 operating system.

Unlike previous models, the iPhone 7 series does not have earphone sockets and
are instead accompanied by wireless earphones â[#x20ac]" a design change made by
Apple to make the new devices waterproof. The iPhone 7 is priced at 869,000 won
(Bt27,000), while the iPhone 7 Plus costs 1.02 million won for the 32GB model.
Prices are higher for the 128 gigabite and 256GB models.

South Korea's three mobile carriers have begun a fierce competition to attract
more iPhone 7 customers to their own retailers, introducing varying subsidies
and discount promotions.

In terms of immediate savings, customers can choose to receive either an upfront
subsidy, which varies across carriers, or a unilateral 20 per cent discount on
the monthly payment plan of their choice.

The three firms have also introduced their own warranty programmes for new
iPhone customers.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             527 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           September 16, 2016 Friday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Jet black iPhone 7 a red-hot seller;
Nearly 70% of online buyers picked black

BYLINE: Jon Swartz, @jswartz, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 288 words


It's iPhone Friday, and the early buzz is  jet black is, well, the new black.

That shade of the new iPhone 7, and all models of the iPhone 7 Plus, sold out
during online pre-orders, according to Apple. Consumers can still order the new
smartphones online but might have to wait until November for some models.

As they have in past years, the biggest fans -- or maybe those just seeking the
media spotlight -- lined up hours and even days ahead at flagship stores in New
York, San Francisco and Sydney.

Apple's latest should rack up a healthy first weekend of sales, according to
financial analysts. Piper Jaffray's Gene Munster and Angelo Zino, a financial
analyst at S&P Global Market Intelligence, predict shipments of more than 13
million for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus this weekend, topping last year's
first weekend for iPhone 6S.

But the iPhone love could be short-lived: Zino anticipates a year-over-year
decline in quarterly iPhone sales in September (45 million vs. 48 million) and
December (70 million vs. 74.8 million), despite an extra week in September and
December because of the leap year.

"As the (10th-anniversary iPhone) nears, expect an air pocket in iPhone 7
sales," Zino says.

For now, however, Apple fans can't get their new iPhones fast enough.

In the first 48 hours of online availability, 55% of those who bought the new
model opted for the Plus.

Nearly 70% of iPhone 7 buyers chose models in black shades, according to a
report on purchase data released Thursday morning by market researcher Slice
Intelligence.

Anticipated demand for the water-resistant phones sent Apple shares up 3.4%
Thursday to $115.57, capping a four-day surge that has lifted the stock 12%.

Contributing: Brett Molina, Natalie DiBlasio

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo DON EMMERT, AFP/Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             528 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 4, 2016 Sunday 11:29 AM GMT

iPhone 7 to come in five colours and include one VERY useful feature for photo
fanatics;
If you like snapping photos on nights out, this feature could make the iPhone 7
a lot more attractive

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 501 words


New iPhone 7 details have emerged just days before Apple's big event in San
Francisco on September 7, where the company is widely expected to unveil its
next flagship smartphone.

The details come from well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities, who
issued a new research note on Saturday.

According to the note, the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for
photo fanatics - it will have four LED flash lights, up from two in the iPhone
6s .

Furthermore, two of these LEDs will be in cool colours, and two in warm colours,
and Apple is also expected to add an ambient light sensor to the iPhone 7.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Samsung halts sales of Galaxy Note 7 smartphone and issues recall after reports
of EXPLODING batteries

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 Plus camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses
- one wide angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical
zoom and light field camera applications.

The research note, seen by  AppleInsider  ,  also contains a few other juicy
tidbits.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

It will also be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up to 30 minutes - a
rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

To accommodate this waterproofing, it will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

The iPhone 7 will come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options , eliminating
both the 16GB and 64GB tiers, according to Kuo.

It will feature the same "True Tone" display technology the company unveiled
earlier this year on the 9.7-inch iPad Pro , and will come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Finally, Kuo reiterated the rumour that Apple will remove the 3.5mm headphone
jack . The iPhone 7 will reportedly ship with both Lightning EarPods and a
Lightning-to-headphone adapter in the box.

iPhone 7 to ship with wireless 'AirPod' earphones - as headphone jack looks
certain for the axe

The change has supposedly be made to make space for a second speaker with an
audio amplifier.

Apple is expected to unveil its iPhone 7 at an event in San Francisco on
September 7. For all the latest rumours, check out our full round-up here .

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             529 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 3:39 PM GMT

Google Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus - which smartphone will win when Google takes
on Apple?;
Buying a new phone in 2016 means choosing between Android and iOS - but which
tech company makes the better phone?

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 658 words


Investing in a new phone means choosing, inevitably, between one of Apple's
iOS-toting iPhones and a range of different Android phones.

Both operating systems offer advantages and disadvantages. While the
recently-released iPhone 7 Plus is pick of the bunch for iOS, Google's Android
has a few more options to choose from.

Google Pixel launch LIVE: Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and Daydream VR
expected at October 4 event

That being said, the Pixel XL comes straight from the Google stable and is the
only phone to arrive with the very latest version of Android - nicknamed
'Nougat' - preinstalled.

Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones: Specs, price, release date and rumours about
Google's new Android smartphones

What time is Google October 4 event? Google home release date, 4K chromecast and
more rumoured to be announced

The Pixel XL will be available on October 20th - meaning you'll be able to get
hold of one before the end of the month.

iPhone 7 Plus review: It feels like an iterative update

When it comes to brute power, then the momentum is clearly with Google for its
2016 flagship smartphone.

Google Pixel smartphone accidentally leaked by UK retailer the day before
official announcement

Both the iPhone 7 Plus and Google Pixel XL have 5.5-inch screens, but the
resolution on the latter is 1440p whilst the former only manages 1080p. The same
is true of random access memory - useful for multitasking - as the iPhone boasts
3GB whilst Pixel offers 4GB.

Both phones have fingerprint scanners - although while the iPhone puts it on the
front, Google's Pixel has it round the back.

Google doesn't pull ahead in every aspect though - as the iPhone 7 Plus boasts
Apple's first ever dual-lens camera. The company made a big deal about its
optical zoom and high dynamic range at the iPhone launch event.

We've yet to see Google's Pixel camera in action but if you use your phone to
take a lot of pictures, Apple could be the way to go.

Thanks to the speed of software development, many aspects of actually using the
phones are very similar.

iPhone 7 case brings back the missing headphone jack - and doesn't need an
adapter

For example, you can swipe up or down from the home screen to quickly access
shortcuts. Both have voice-enabled assistants - Google Now and Siri. And both
let you use fingerprint scanners to pay for items like coffee or groceries.

Even the apps are similar - Google Duo is very similar to FaceTime whilst big
hitters like Facebook, WhatsApp, Instagram and Snapchat are available on both
platforms.

The iPhone 7 Plus' big feature is the aforementioned dual lens camera while the
Pixel XL trumpets Google's advancements in artificial intelligence with the
Google Allo messaging app.

Oh, and the Pixel XL has a 3.5mm headphone jack - unlike the iPhone 7 Plus.

iPhone 7 HissGate: Apple customers report hearing hissing sounds coming from
their new iPhones

Google's Pixel XL surprised a few people with its high price.

It costs £719 for the 32GB model and £819 for the 128GB version.

How much will the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones cost? Best UK deals and where
to find them

Apple's iPhone 7 Plus also starts at £719 for the 32GB model.

What's more, we can't know for sure how long the 3,450mAh battery on the Pixel
XL lasts compared to the iPhone 7 Plus' 2,900mAh.

Apple has made it clear that iOS 10 is more efficient and that its phones now
last longer. But critics have still complained about both the battery life and
the slow charging time of the iPhones.

If you're looking for a simple-to-use phone that takes good pictures, then
Apple's iPhone 7 Plus is certainly the one to go for. You'll be paying more for
the privilege - but it will update faster and, generally, hold on to its value
if you want to upgrade again in a year's time.

However, if you need more power and want to tinker with settings and
appearances, Google's Pixel XL is probably more your cup of tea. It'll be
cheaper too, and the battery will probably last longer.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             530 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 3:39 PM GMT

Google Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus - which smartphone will win when Google takes
on Apple?;
Buying a new phone in 2016 means choosing between Android and iOS - but which
tech company makes the better phone?

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 658 words


Investing in a new phone means choosing, inevitably, between one of Apple's
iOS-toting iPhones and a range of different Android phones.

Both operating systems offer advantages and disadvantages. While the
recently-released iPhone 7 Plus is pick of the bunch for iOS, Google's Android
has a few more options to choose from.

Google Pixel launch LIVE: Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and Daydream VR
expected at October 4 event

That being said, the Pixel XL comes straight from the Google stable and is the
only phone to arrive with the very latest version of Android - nicknamed
'Nougat' - preinstalled.

Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones: Specs, price, release date and rumours about
Google's new Android smartphones

What time is Google October 4 event? Google home release date, 4K chromecast and
more rumoured to be announced

The Pixel XL will be available on October 20th - meaning you'll be able to get
hold of one before the end of the month.

iPhone 7 Plus review: It feels like an iterative update

When it comes to brute power, then the momentum is clearly with Google for its
2016 flagship smartphone.

Google Pixel smartphone accidentally leaked by UK retailer the day before
official announcement

Both the iPhone 7 Plus and Google Pixel XL have 5.5-inch screens, but the
resolution on the latter is 1440p whilst the former only manages 1080p. The same
is true of random access memory - useful for multitasking - as the iPhone boasts
3GB whilst Pixel offers 4GB.

Both phones have fingerprint scanners - although while the iPhone puts it on the
front, Google's Pixel has it round the back.

Google doesn't pull ahead in every aspect though - as the iPhone 7 Plus boasts
Apple's first ever dual-lens camera. The company made a big deal about its
optical zoom and high dynamic range at the iPhone launch event.

We've yet to see Google's Pixel camera in action but if you use your phone to
take a lot of pictures, Apple could be the way to go.

Thanks to the speed of software development, many aspects of actually using the
phones are very similar.

iPhone 7 case brings back the missing headphone jack - and doesn't need an
adapter

For example, you can swipe up or down from the home screen to quickly access
shortcuts. Both have voice-enabled assistants - Google Now and Siri. And both
let you use fingerprint scanners to pay for items like coffee or groceries.

Even the apps are similar - Google Duo is very similar to FaceTime whilst big
hitters like Facebook, WhatsApp, Instagram and Snapchat are available on both
platforms.

The iPhone 7 Plus' big feature is the aforementioned dual lens camera while the
Pixel XL trumpets Google's advancements in artificial intelligence with the
Google Allo messaging app.

Oh, and the Pixel XL has a 3.5mm headphone jack - unlike the iPhone 7 Plus.

iPhone 7 HissGate: Apple customers report hearing hissing sounds coming from
their new iPhones

Google's Pixel XL surprised a few people with its high price.

It costs £719 for the 32GB model and £819 for the 128GB version.

How much will the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones cost? Best UK deals and where
to find them

Apple's iPhone 7 Plus also starts at £719 for the 32GB model.

What's more, we can't know for sure how long the 3,450mAh battery on the Pixel
XL lasts compared to the iPhone 7 Plus' 2,900mAh.

Apple has made it clear that iOS 10 is more efficient and that its phones now
last longer. But critics have still complained about both the battery life and
the slow charging time of the iPhones.

If you're looking for a simple-to-use phone that takes good pictures, then
Apple's iPhone 7 Plus is certainly the one to go for. You'll be paying more for
the privilege - but it will update faster and, generally, hold on to its value
if you want to upgrade again in a year's time.

However, if you need more power and want to tinker with settings and
appearances, Google's Pixel XL is probably more your cup of tea. It'll be
cheaper too, and the battery will probably last longer.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             531 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 3:39 PM GMT

Google Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus - which smartphone will win when Google takes
on Apple?;
Buying a new phone in 2016 means choosing between Android and iOS - but which
tech company makes the better phone?

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 658 words


Investing in a new phone means choosing, inevitably, between one of Apple's
iOS-toting iPhones and a range of different Android phones.

Both operating systems offer advantages and disadvantages. While the
recently-released iPhone 7 Plus is pick of the bunch for iOS, Google's Android
has a few more options to choose from.

Google Pixel launch LIVE: Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and Daydream VR
expected at October 4 event

That being said, the Pixel XL comes straight from the Google stable and is the
only phone to arrive with the very latest version of Android - nicknamed
'Nougat' - preinstalled.

Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones: Specs, price, release date and rumours about
Google's new Android smartphones

What time is Google October 4 event? Google home release date, 4K chromecast and
more rumoured to be announced

The Pixel XL will be available on October 20th - meaning you'll be able to get
hold of one before the end of the month.

iPhone 7 Plus review: It feels like an iterative update

When it comes to brute power, then the momentum is clearly with Google for its
2016 flagship smartphone.

Google Pixel smartphone accidentally leaked by UK retailer the day before
official announcement

Both the iPhone 7 Plus and Google Pixel XL have 5.5-inch screens, but the
resolution on the latter is 1440p whilst the former only manages 1080p. The same
is true of random access memory - useful for multitasking - as the iPhone boasts
3GB whilst Pixel offers 4GB.

Both phones have fingerprint scanners - although while the iPhone puts it on the
front, Google's Pixel has it round the back.

Google doesn't pull ahead in every aspect though - as the iPhone 7 Plus boasts
Apple's first ever dual-lens camera. The company made a big deal about its
optical zoom and high dynamic range at the iPhone launch event.

We've yet to see Google's Pixel camera in action but if you use your phone to
take a lot of pictures, Apple could be the way to go.

Thanks to the speed of software development, many aspects of actually using the
phones are very similar.

iPhone 7 case brings back the missing headphone jack - and doesn't need an
adapter

For example, you can swipe up or down from the home screen to quickly access
shortcuts. Both have voice-enabled assistants - Google Now and Siri. And both
let you use fingerprint scanners to pay for items like coffee or groceries.

Even the apps are similar - Google Duo is very similar to FaceTime whilst big
hitters like Facebook, WhatsApp, Instagram and Snapchat are available on both
platforms.

The iPhone 7 Plus' big feature is the aforementioned dual lens camera while the
Pixel XL trumpets Google's advancements in artificial intelligence with the
Google Allo messaging app.

Oh, and the Pixel XL has a 3.5mm headphone jack - unlike the iPhone 7 Plus.

iPhone 7 HissGate: Apple customers report hearing hissing sounds coming from
their new iPhones

Google's Pixel XL surprised a few people with its high price.

It costs £719 for the 32GB model and £819 for the 128GB version.

How much will the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones cost? Best UK deals and where
to find them

Apple's iPhone 7 Plus also starts at £719 for the 32GB model.

What's more, we can't know for sure how long the 3,450mAh battery on the Pixel
XL lasts compared to the iPhone 7 Plus' 2,900mAh.

Apple has made it clear that iOS 10 is more efficient and that its phones now
last longer. But critics have still complained about both the battery life and
the slow charging time of the iPhones.

If you're looking for a simple-to-use phone that takes good pictures, then
Apple's iPhone 7 Plus is certainly the one to go for. You'll be paying more for
the privilege - but it will update faster and, generally, hold on to its value
if you want to upgrade again in a year's time.

However, if you need more power and want to tinker with settings and
appearances, Google's Pixel XL is probably more your cup of tea. It'll be
cheaper too, and the battery will probably last longer.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             532 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             coventrytelegraph.net

                     September 6, 2016 Tuesday 10:56 AM GMT

iPhone 7 to come in FIVE colours - all the latest updates, features and rumours;

All the latest news as Apple gets ready to launch new model in San Francisco

BYLINE: By James Rodger

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 416 words


The iPhone 7 is coming, according to reports, and new details are now emerging
ahead of the launch.

Apple will reportedly unveil the new smartphone model - which is eagerly
anticipated by millions across the globe, including Coventry and Warwickshire
residents - at a big event in San Francisco on September 7.

And the new details come from well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI
Securities, who issued a new research note on Saturday.

According to the note, the iPhone 7 model will include one very useful feature
for photo fanatics - it will have four LED flash lights, up from two in the
iPhone 6s.

Furthermore, two of these LEDs will be in cool colours, and two in warm colours,
and Apple is also expected to add an ambient light sensor to the iPhone 7.

Apple and Netflix customers targeted by new scam

These additions should improve image quality, according to experts, but it
remains to be seen whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7
or just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus.

The latter is also expected to feature a dual-lens camera capable of taking
SLR-quality photos.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 Plus camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses
- one wide angle, and one telephoto.

iPhone 7 launch date CONFIRMED by Apple - find out when

The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and light field camera
applications.

The research note, seen by AppleInsider, also suggests the iPhone 7 will come in
32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options, eliminating both the 16GB and 64GB
tiers, according to Kuo.

It will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose gold, dark black and "piano
black".

iPhone hackers can access your device with just ONE click

Recently, Apple has been facing issues in the form of the dreaded 'Touch
Disease', first spotted last week by gadget repair specialist iFixit.

According to reports, a growing number of customers have been sending their
iPhone 6 handsets in for repair after a grey, flickering bar appeared at the top
of their display.

Shortly after the appearance of this grey bar, the iPhone's touchscreen has
reportedly become unresponsive, rendering the device useless.

iFixit claims that the issue can be traced back to a structural design flaw in
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - meaning millions of handsets could potentially be
vulnerable.

Despite this revelation, it currently remains unclear how widespread the problem
is.

Several users have been left angry by their handset's vulnerability, with many
taking to the Apple website to report the issue.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBET


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             533 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Peterborough Examiner

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

New iPhone features are nice, but Apple will have a tough sell

BYLINE: Josh Mcconnell, Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 488  words


If it's September, there must be a brand new iPhone line from Apple Inc. And if
this year's iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year's iPhone, that's
because, well, it is.

Called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time
Apple has not followed one of its S-series with a design change - a deviation
from its usual two-year design cycle. The height, width and depth dimensions of
the new phones are all identical to the previous iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, though
the weight is slightly less.

The Financial Post was one of a few media outlets globally to receive early
review units of both phones to test all of the new features.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that's up to 40 per cent faster than
last year's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50 per cent better
graphics capabilities. The phones feel quicker in simple dayto-day tasks such as
web browsing, switching between apps or restarting. More intensive actions such
as photo or video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more
quickly. The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine
vibration that creates the illusion of the user pressing a button without
anything actually moving. Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them
water and dust resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help free up space internally for other technology, like a
bigger battery or the taptic engine. Regular headphones can now be connected
using an adapter, which will retail for only $10, for the device's Lightning
port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods that are releasing in October. The only real usability issue with a lack
of headphone jack is when you want to charge your phone while listening to
music, which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the
new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved lowlight photos with
better detail and less graininess.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hoping you'll pay
extra for, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that's permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now "zoom in" optically when taking
photos without losing quality.

If you have an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you won't see as much of a difference this
year other than the big camera upgrades. But if you have an even older iPhone,
then there is plenty to like about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Both will be available Sept. 16 starting at $899 and $1049, respectively,
offcontract. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press; The lightning port of an iPhone
7 is shown during an event to announce new Apple products on Sept. 7 in San
Francisco.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 The Peterborough Examiner
                              All Rights Reserved


                             534 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Stratford Beacon-Herald

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

New iPhone features are nice, but Apple will have a tough sell

BYLINE: Josh Mcconnell, Financial Post

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 488  words


If it's September, there must be a brand new iPhone line from Apple Inc. And if
this year's iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year's iPhone, that's
because, well, it is.

Called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time
Apple has not followed one of its S-series with a design change - a deviation
from its usual two-year design cycle. The height, width and depth dimensions of
the new phones are all identical to the previous iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, though
the weight is slightly less.

The Financial Post was one of a few media outlets globally to receive early
review units of both phones to test all of the new features.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that's up to 40 per cent faster than
last year's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50 per cent better
graphics capabilities. The phones feel quicker in simple day-to-day tasks such
as web browsing, switching between apps or restarting. More intensive actions
such as photo or video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more
quickly. The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine
vibration that creates the illusion of the user pressing a button without
anything actually moving. Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them
water and dust resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help free up space internally for other technology, like a
bigger battery or the taptic engine. Regular headphones can now be connected
using an adapter, which will retail for only $10, for the device's Lightning
port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods that are releasing in October. The only real usability issue with a lack
of headphone jack is when you want to charge your phone while listening to
music, which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the
new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved lowlight photos with
better detail and less graininess.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hoping you'll pay
extra for, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that's permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now "zoom in" optically when taking
photos without losing quality.

If you have an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you won't see as much of a difference this
year other than the big camera upgrades. But if you have an even older iPhone,
then there is plenty to like about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Both will be available Sept. 16 starting at $899 and $1049, respectively,
offcontract. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press; The lightning port of an iPhone
7 is shown during an event to announce new Apple products on Sept. 7 in San
Francisco.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Stratford Beacon-Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             535 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Sudbury Star

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

New iPhone features are nice, but Apple will have a tough sell

BYLINE: Josh McConnell, Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 488  words


If it's September, there must be a brand new iPhone line from Apple Inc. And if
this year's iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year's iPhone, that's
because, well, it is.

Called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time
Apple has not followed one of its S-series with a design change - a deviation
from its usual two-year design cycle. The height, width and depth dimensions of
the new phones are all identical to the previous iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, though
the weight is slightly less.

The Financial Post was one of a few media outlets globally to receive early
review units of both phones to test all of the new features.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that's up to 40 per cent faster than
last year's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50 per cent better
graphics capabilities. The phones feel quicker in simple dayto-day tasks such as
web browsing, switching between apps or restarting. More intensive actions such
as photo or video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more
quickly. The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine
vibration that creates the illusion of the user pressing a button without
anything actually moving. Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them
water and dust resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help

free up space internally for other technology, like a bigger battery or the
taptic engine. Regular headphones can now be connected using an adapter, which
will retail for only $10, for the device's Lightning port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods that are releasing in October. The only real usability issue with a lack
of headphone jack is when you want to charge your phone while listening to
music, which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the
new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved lowlight photos with
better detail and less graininess.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hoping you'll pay
extra for, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that's permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now "zoom in" optically when taking
photos without losing quality.

If you have an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you won't see as much of a difference this
year other than the big camera upgrades. But if you have an even older iPhone,
then there is plenty to like about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Both will be available Sept. 16 starting at $899 and $1049, respectively,
offcontract. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press; The lightning port of an iPhone
7 is shown during an event to announce new Apple products on Sept. 7 in San
Francisco.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Sudbury Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                             536 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Times-Journal (St.Thomas)

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

New iPhone features are nice, but Apple will have a tough sell

BYLINE: Josh Mcconnell, Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESS NEWS; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 488  words


If it's September, there must be a brand new iPhone line from Apple Inc. And if
this year's iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year's iPhone, that's
because, well, it is.

Called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time
Apple has not followed one of its S-series with a design change - a deviation
from its usual two-year design cycle. The height, width and depth dimensions of
the new phones are all identical to the previous iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, though
the weight is slightly less.

The Financial Post was one of a few media outlets globally to receive early
review units of both phones to test all of the new features.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that's up to 40 per cent faster than
last year's iPhone 6s

and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50 per cent better graphics capabilities. The
phones feel quicker in simple day-to-day tasks such as web browsing, switching
between apps or restarting. More intensive actions such as photo or video
editing and gaming also load faster or render much more quickly. The Home button
has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine vibration that creates the
illusion of the user pressing a button without anything actually moving.
Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them water and dust resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help free up space internally for other technology, like a
bigger battery or the taptic engine. Regular headphones can now be connected
using an adapter, which will retail for only $10, for the device's Lightning
port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods that are releasing in October. The only real usability issue with a lack
of headphone jack is when you want to charge your

phone while listening to music, which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the

iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the new phones feature a larger aperture, which means
improved lowlight photos with better detail and less graininess.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hoping you'll pay
extra for, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that's permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now "zoom in" optically when taking
photos without losing quality.

If you have an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you won't see as much of a difference this
year other than the big camera upgrades. But if you have an even older iPhone,
then there is plenty to like about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Both will be available Sept. 16 starting at $899 and $1049, respectively,
offcontract. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press; The lightning port of an iPhone
7 is shown during an event to announce new Apple products on Sept. 7 in San
Francisco.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Times-Journal (St.Thomas)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             537 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 15, 2016 Tuesday 5:04 PM GMT

Latest iPhone 7 leaked picture supposedly shows the back of Apple's gadget - but
can you see what's changed?;
There's something missing from the back of Apple's iPhone 7 - if this leaked
image is to be believed

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 267 words


A freshly leaked image has been circulated online supposedly showing the back of
the upcoming iPhone 7 .

In the picture, the back of the phone looks remarkably similar to the current
iPhone 6 and 6s - with one obvious change.

Eagle-eyed viewers will spot that the antenna lines that run horizontally across
the top and bottom of both the iPhone 6 and 6s have been removed.

However, there are still holes remaining for the camera lens and flash.

As with all such leaks, the authenticity can't be guaranteed but these pictures
have got gadget geeks discussing what Apple has planned for its next must-have
gadget .

As tech site BGR states : This leaked photo corroborates a previous report which
indicated that Apple, with the iPhone 7, was planning to remove the antenna
lines on the back while maintaining them "at the sides and around the top and
bottom edges..."

Leaked pictures supposedly showing the iPhone 7 in various stages of production
are becoming increasingly common.

iPhone SE release date, specs, features and price rumours ahead of Apple's new
mini iPhone launch

Some have even suggested that Apple will ditch the headphone socket on the new
version of its mobile - forcing everyone to use wireless headphones or buy an
adapter for the charging port.

Although the iPhone 7 isn't expected to be revealed until the autumn, Apple has
another event taking place next week.

The massive tech giant is expected to show off a smaller version of the current
iPhone as well as a new iPad.

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Will the iPhone 7 be the best phone of 2016?

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             538 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      IBNS

                    September 11, 2013 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple unveils iPhone 5C, 5S

BYLINE: India Blooms News Service

LENGTH: 1043  words


CUPERTINO, California-Sept 10 (IBNS) Apple on Tuesday introduced iPhone  5c,
featuring an all-new design, packed with what it called incredible features in
five gorgeous colors-blue, green, pink, yellow and white.

Apple also announced iPhone 5s, the most forward-thinking iPhone yet, featuring
an all-new A7 chip, making iPhone 5s the world's first smartphone with 64-bit
desktop-class architecture for blazing fast performance in the palm of ones
hand.

iPhone 5c is built on a foundation of features people know and love like the
beautiful 4-inch Retina  display, blazing fast performance of the A6 chip, and
the 8 megapixel iSight  camera-all while delivering great battery life.

iPhone 5c comes with more LTE bands than any other smartphone in the world, a
new FaceTime(R) HD camera, and iOS 7, the most significant iOS update since the
original iPhone.

"iPhone 5c is everything iPhone 5 was and more, in an all-new design packed with
great features," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of
Worldwide Marketing.

"iPhone 5c is designed with a beautiful polycarbonate enclosure that looks and
feels so solid in your hand."

iPhone 5c features an all-new design crafted from a single, hard-coated
polycarbonate body with a steel reinforced frame for a solid, sturdy feel. The
steel frame holds the internal components and also doubles as the iPhone 5c's
multiband antenna.

The enclosure is one continuous and seamless structure that is finished with a
hard coat for a durable and incredibly glossy surface. To complement the all-new
iPhone 5c design, Apple created soft, matte, microfiber-lined cases in a very
intentional contrast to the glossy, hard coat finish. These sleek silicone cases
with unique circular patterns let splashes of color show through, and with five
iPhone 5c colors and six cases to choose from, you can mix and match for dozens
of fun combinations.

iPhone 5c comes with all the features customers love in iPhone 5, and more. The
Apple-designed A6 chip provides incredible performance and power efficiency, all
while delivering great battery life, so almost everything you do on iPhone 5c is
blazing fast, from launching apps and loading web pages to downloading email
attachments. iPhone 5c features a stunning 4-inch Retina display and an 8
megapixel iSight camera, the most popular camera in the world. iPhone 5c also
includes a new FaceTime HD camera for even better FaceTime calls and
self-portraits, and with iOS 7, you can make audio-only FaceTime calls for the
first time.

iPhone 5c comes with iOS 7, the most significant iOS update since the original
iPhone, featuring a stunning new user interface, completely redesigned with an
elegant color palette, distinct, functional layers and subtle motion that make
it feel more alive. iOS 7 is designed to complement the gorgeous exteriors of
iPhone 5c, with matching wallpapers and translucency that carry the color
through the entire experience. iOS 7 has hundreds of great new features,
including Control Center, Notification Center, improved Multitasking,
AirDrop(R), enhanced Photos, Safari(R), Siri(R) and introduces iTunes Radio, a
free Internet radio service based on the music you listen to on iTunes(R).

Pricing & Availability

iPhone 5c comes in blue, green, pink, yellow and white and will be available in
the US for a suggested retail price of $99 (US) for the 16GB model and $199 (US)
for the 32GB model.

iPhone 5s

Apple said iPhone 5s redefined the best smartphone experience in the world with
amazing new features all packed into a remarkable thin and light design,
including an all-new 8 megapixel iSight camera with True Tone flash and
introducing Touch ID, an innovative way to simply and securely unlock your phone
with just the touch of a finger. iPhone 5s comes with iOS 7, the most
significant iOS update since the original iPhone, engineered for 64-bit
technology and featuring hundreds of great new features, including Control
Center, Notification Center, improved Multitasking, AirDrop(R), enhanced Photos,
Safari(R), Siri(R) and iTunes Radio.

"iPhone 5s is the most forward-thinking smartphone in the world, delivering
desktop class architecture in the palm of your hand," said Philip Schiller,
Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. "iPhone 5s sets a new
standard for smartphones, packed into its beautiful and refined design are
breakthrough features that really matter to people, like Touch ID, a simple and
secure way to unlock your phone with just a touch of your finger."

iPhone 5s comes with iOS 7, the most significant iOS update since the original
iPhone, engineered to support the A7 chip's 64-bit architecture, the new iSight
camera and Touch ID fingerprint sensor. iOS 7 features a stunning new user
interface, completely redesigned with an elegant color palette, distinct,
functional layers and subtle motion that make it feel more alive. iOS 7 has
hundreds of great new features, including Control Center, Notification Center,
improved Multitasking, AirDrop, enhanced Photos, Safari, Siri and introduces
iTunes Radio, a free Internet radio service based on the music you listen to on
iTunes(R).

iPhone 5s customers have access to the revolutionary App Store, which offers
more than 900,000 apps to iPhone, iPad(R) and iPod touch(R) users in 155
countries around the world. More than 50 billion apps have been downloaded from
the App Store to date, offering customers an incredible range of apps in 23
categories, including newspapers and magazines in Newsstand, games and
entertainment, business, news, sports, health and fitness and travel.

Designed specifically for iOS, iPhoto(R), iMovie(R), Pages(R), Numbers(R) and
Keynote(R) are among the most popular apps in the App Store and are now
available as free downloads with the purchase of iPhone 5s. iPhoto and iMovie
enable you to do more than you ever thought possible with your photos and
movies, and with Pages, Numbers and Keynote you can create, edit and share
stunning documents, spreadsheets and presentations on your iPhone, iPad or iPod
touch.

Pricing & Availability

iPhone 5s comes in gold, silver or space gray, and will be available in the US
for a suggested retail price of $199 (US) for the 16GB model and $299 (US) for
the 32GB model and $399 (US) for the 64GB model.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2013 India Blooms., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             539 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           September 13, 2016 Tuesday
                                National Edition

Iphone 7 may not spark much excitement; Better camera a plus, headphone jack a
minus

BYLINE: Josh McConnell, Financial Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP8

LENGTH: 558 words


Just like clockwork, September is here and with it a brand new iPhone line from
Apple Inc. And if this year's iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year's
iPhone, that's because, well, it is.

Called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time
Apple has not followed one of its S-series with a design change - a deviation
from its usual two-year design cycle. The dimensions of the new phones are
identical to the previous iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, though the weight is slightly
less.

The Financial Post was one of a few media outlets globally to receive early
review units of both phones to test all of the new features.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that's up to 40 per cent faster than
last year's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50-per-cent better
graphics capabilities. The phones feel quicker in simple day-to-day tasks such
as web browsing, switching between apps or restarting. More intensive actions
such as photo or video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more
quickly.

The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine vibration that
creates

the illusion of the user pressing a button without anything actually moving.
Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them water and dust resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help free up space internally for other technology, like a
bigger battery or the taptic engine. Regular headphones can now be connected
using an adapter, which will retail for only $10, for the device's Lightning
port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods that are releasing in October. The only real usability issue with a lack
of headphone

jack is when you want to charge your phone while listening to music.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
The new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved low-light photos
with better detail and less graininess. The smaller 4.4-inch iPhone is getting
optical stabilization as well, which features sensors that move the lens
slightly to fight against handshake movement and motion blur.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hoping you' ll pay
extra for, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that's permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now "zoom in" optically when taking
photos without losing quality. Software also uses both lenses to create a better
digital zoom up to 10 times, as opposed to the previous five times.

The iPhone continues to be among the best smartphones on the market, but the new
version could be a tough sell for some. The new features seem fairly
incremental.

If you have an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you won't see as much of a difference this
year other than the big camera upgrades. But if you have an even older iPhone,
then there is plenty to like about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Both will be available Sept. 16 starting at $899 and $1,049, respectively, off
contract. You can read a comprehensive review at financial-Post.com.

Twitter.com/joshmcconnell !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, The Associated Press; The only real usability
issue with the elimination of the headphone jack in the iPhone 7 is when you
want to charge your phone while listening to music. You won't be able to use
conventional headphones while charging.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             540 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 7 Event: Complete Coverage

BYLINE: Chandrakant 'CK' Isi

LENGTH: 240  words


The iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, and Watch Series 2 take the centre stage at Apple's
event.

At Apple Special Event, September 7, 2016, it was a duo of iPhones that took the
centre stage. Apple did not bother to refresh the design. However, the fans did
have something to cheer about as both the newly announced iPhones are water and
dust resistant. Apple took its sweet time, but finally you can challenge your
Galaxy edge wielding friends at a pool party.

iPhone 7

The iPhone 7 is a compact phone with a 4.7-inch screen. Apart from a beefy A10
Fusion processor, the handset comes with a 12-megapixel camera with OIS (Optical
Image Stabilisation). For more details, check out this article.

iPhone 7 Plus

For those with fat fingers, Apple has the iPhone 7 Plus. it sports a 5.5-inch
Full HD screen. This is the first iPhone to feature a dual-camera setup. It
comprises of a 12-megapixel OIS snapper coupled with a depth sensor. Such setup
enables you to alter the depth-of-focus of a photograph. To find out more
information, follow this link.

Watch Series 2

The Cupertino-based company also announced the next iteration of its smartwatch
to go with the new iPhones. Dubbed as the Watch Series 2, the newly launched
line-up is square and has the signature crown for scrolling and zooming. While
it looks like the predecessor, the biggest upgrade comes in the form of a
waterproof shell that can work 50 metres under water. Click here, for more
information.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             541 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                               Advertiser Edition

Apple prepares to ring in changes on its favourite gadget

BYLINE: ROD CHESTER NATIONAL TECHNOLOGY WRITER

SECTION: OPED; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 363  words


WHEN Apple CEO Tim Cook launches the iPhone 7 today, it will be a case of the
same iPhone you know but with more and less.

The more is expected to be a dual lens camera in the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus
"phablet" and the less is the expected removal of the headphone jack in the
iPhone 7 range, something that will make the phones slimmer but will also mean
people will be scrambling for an adaptor to plug in their favourite earphones.

There have been so many leaks in the past few months that it would be a genuine
surprise if the iPhone 7 Plus did not have a dual lens camera. But what is still
an unknown is exactly what the camera will do.

It could mean clearer pictures in a camera that works better in low light or it
could be an optical zoom. Time, and Tim Cook, will tell.

The smaller iPhone 7 seems, according to the leaks, unlikely to get a camera to
match the bigger phone but is still likely to be a step up from the previous
model.

Those iPhone fans hoping for a new look for their favourite smartphone are set
for disappointment.

The leaks suggest the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will have a similar form factor to the
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, aside from moving the antenna strip from the back of the
phone, the addition of the extra lens in the bigger phone and a second speaker
likely to replace the headphone port.

Apple is expected to release new headphones with the iPhone with some tipping a
new style of wireless beats called AirPods, based on leaked reports of
registered trade names ahead of today's event.

The front of the iPhone 7 is set to be noticeably different. 9To5Mac says the
home button will be incorporated flush into the screen but will still give the
feeling of being something you can press.

After years of calls falling on deaf ears, it seems likely this is the iPhone
that will have a waterproof rating.

Of course it's not all going to be about iPhones.

Apple is expected to release the second generation of Apple Watch, with the
addition of GPS making a far more useful watch for runners and cyclists.

There are a lot of predictions about new products but all will be revealed when
the event begins overnight.FIND OUT WHAT'S INCLUDED IN THE NEW PHONE.
ADVERTISER.COM.AU

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Advertiser


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             542 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 3, 2016 Saturday 1:23 PM GMT

iPhone 7 expected to launch at media event on Wednesday;
APPLE look like they are gearing up to launch the new iPhone 7 next week.

BYLINE: By Record Reporter

SECTION: NEWS,SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 606 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event in San Francisco next week.

The company are expected to launch the new iPhone 7 during the event, which will
take place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium on Wednesday September 7th.

The invite released gives very little away, simply stating "See you on the 7th".

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

Samsung to issue global recall of Galaxy Note 7 phones on day it was due to be
released in the UK after batteries catch fire

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket .

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones - although Apple may choose
to include some in the box.

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

Facebook's first satellite worth $200m DESTROYED in SpaceX test rocket explosion

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button, but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof . Smartphone
rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling
point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
is yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Some rumours suggest that there will no longer be a 16GB model , with the
minimum storage capacity on the iPhone 7 raised to 32GB. Apple is also expected
to introduce a new top-of-the-range iPhone with 256GB of storage .

The phone is also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your
phone will get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of
charging.

SpaceX Falcon 9 explosion was "catastrophic abort" as aftermath video shows
plumes of smoke across Cape Canaveral

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7 , suggesting Apple may be considering different colour options.

Alongside the iPhone 7, Apple is expected to unveil the Apple Watch 2 , and
potentially the iPad Mini 5 and the iPad Pro 2 - although it now looks like
Apple may be saving the iPads for a separate event in October .

We'll be following all the build-up to the launch, as well as the event itself,
on Mirror Online - so check the Technology homepage for regular updates.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             543 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          manchestereveningnews.co.uk

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 10:50 PM GMT

Apple iPhone 7: does it live up to the hype?;
Apple announced details of it's new iPhone 7 in San Fransisco - and the only
surprise was that there weren't many surprises

BYLINE: By Justin Connolly

LENGTH: 631 words


THE pattern is the same every year - the iPhone hype bubble is blown up to
bursting point in the run up to the big reveal... and then its decried as one
big let down when Apple finally shows its hand.

We're disappointed because we've convinced ourselves they're going to invent
something magical we can't even imagine. And then all they come up with is a
better phone.

It's frankly ridiculous. Because what Apple showed us this week with it's new
iPhone 7 and 7 Plus was a pair of devices that take already breathtakingly
brilliant bits of kit, and makes them better. A lot better.

So, peeling away the hyperbole and peering at what lies beneath, what do we
really see when we look at what Apple boss Tim Cook and his pals showed us this
week.

We don't need a headphone jack when we've got wireless headphones, do we? Not
just any old wireless headphones, though - Apple's new AirPods , when they hit
then shelves next month, will likely be wireless headphones done right - it was
telling that Apple didn't say they were bluetooth headphones. They look like
they connect using some kind of specially-built wireless technology which Apple
thinks is better than bluetooth.

They will undoubtedly be right. The AirPods don't come with the new iPhone,
though - you just get some wired buds connecting to the phone using the
lightning port - the phone has no headphone jack. Apple cleverly supplied an
adapter so we can continue to use our regular headphones if we want, though. And
so people can't complain about it. Too much.

It was almost thrown away at the start of the event, but the fact that Nintendo
is making a Mario game for iOS is huge news. Nintendo just don't make games that
run on other people's hardware. Obviously, they've cottoned on the the fact that
iOS is the world's biggest gaming platform. Nintendo underlined that fact by
sending video game god Shigeru Miyamoto - only the man who created Mario - to
make the announcement.

The game will be called Super Mario Run - it's an endless runner in which Mario
races to reach the flag at the end of the level before the time limit runs out.
There will be online multiplayer, and it will be playable one-handed. Next up
Zelda and Donkey Kong, please.

The iPhone camera is a phenomenon, and it's no surprise that they made it even
better this year. The camera on the iPhone 7 is an upgrade on the 6S, while the
iPhone 7 Plus gets an innovative dual-lens camera, one lens is wide-angle, the
other zoom.

This means two things - firstly, obviously, you can zoom 2x without using
software (so the image is of a better quality), but also that, using some kind
of software magic, you'll be able to take photos which reproduce the kind of
depth of field effect you can only get now from using a big DSLR - a special
portrait setting will, when an update is released next month, blur the
background of an image, making the subject pop.

You can order this Friday (September 9), and the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship
on September 16. Prices for all models: iPhone 7 - 32GB £599, 128GB £699, 256GB
£799. iPhone 7 Plus - 32GB £719, 128GB £819, 256GB £919. The AirPods will be out
in 'late October' and will cost £159. iOS 10 and watchOS 3 will come out as a
free upgrade on September 13.

Performance is massively improved in the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. There's a new chip
- the A10. Phil says the chip is a 'rocket ship', and that the new iPhone is 120
times faster than the original iPhone. The new graphic capabilities will bring
'console level' games to the phone, too. And pro apps like photo editors will
also benefit from the new power.

Battery life is better, too. On average, an iPhone 7 will last two hours longer
than an iPhone 6S, while a 7 Plus will go for an hour longer than a 6S Plus.
It's got the 'longest battery life of any iPhone ever'.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGMWNGMANC


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             544 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                             October 7, 2016 Friday

Flipkart iPhone 7 offer: CEO Binny Bansal turns delivery executive in big
'surprise'; who will get first smartphone, debut at 7 PM;
Apple iPhone 7 is all set to hit India and the ecommerce major Flipkart has put
in place a doorstep delivery strategy to push sales and spring a few surprises
too - personalised by CEO Binny Bansal too! The post Flipkart iPhone 7 offer:
CEO Binny Bansa...

BYLINE: FE Online

LENGTH: 368  words


Apple iPhone 7 is all set to hit India and the ecommerce major Flipkart has put
in place a doorstep delivery strategy to push sales and spring a few surprises
too - personalised by CEO Binny Bansal too!

Apple iPhone 7 is all set to hit India and the ecommerce major Flipkart has put
in place a doorstep delivery strategy to push sales and spring a few surprises
too - personalised by CEO Binny Bansal too! The iPhone 7 is one of the most
talked about smartphones in recent weeks and its India entry is keenly awaited,
not just by the Apple fans but rest of the smartphone-toting community which
wants to see how good the phone is as well as how it will stand vis a vis the
recently unveiled Google Pixel and Google Pixel XL. Flipkart, whose Big Billion
Days Diwali sale ended on October 5, saw its mobile phone category jump to the
top of its charts in terms of popularity and demand and is it is now eyeing the
iPhone 7 to retain the eyeballs as much as possible. The iPhone 7 is a premium
phone and its sales will be keenly watched by all.

According to Flipkart, the iPhone 7 will make its India debut at 7 PM on October
7, 2016 and the eretailer is ready to make the deliveries right at customers'
doorsteps 7 PM onwards today. The iPhone 7 will be available at Apple stores
across India, but unlike previous launches, this time it is unlikely to lead to
big queues forming there as the hype generated till now is not overwhelming.

Giving an inkling into the sales figures, Flipkart said thousands of customers
across India have already pre-ordered the iPhone 7. These buyers will get
delivery of their smartphone via Ekart, Flipkart's supply chain arm, which has
massed its delivery executives, to make sure they get their hands on their
phones right from 7 PM today. In fact, the ecommerce major says its executives
have fanned out across key cities to spring a surprise on some lucky customers
exactly when the clock strikes 7.

In a very personalised strategy brought to bear today, Flipkart CEO Binny Bansal
will turn into a delivery executives who will deliver the Apple iPhone 7 today
starting at 7 PM in Bangalore. The mystery is about who will be the first lucky
customer to get the first smartphone today?

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             545 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 15, 2016 Tuesday 5:09 PM GMT

Latest iPhone 7 leaked picture supposedly shows the back of Apple's gadget - but
can you see what's changed?;
There's something missing from the back of Apple's iPhone 7 - if this leaked
image is to be believed

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 274 words


A freshly leaked image has been circulated online supposedly showing the back of
the upcoming iPhone 7 .

In the picture, the back of the phone looks remarkably similar to the current
iPhone 6 and 6s - with one obvious change.

Eagle-eyed viewers will spot that the antenna lines that run horizontally across
the top and bottom of both the iPhone 6 and 6s have been removed.

However, there are still holes remaining for the camera lens and flash.

As with all such leaks, the authenticity can't be guaranteed but these pictures
have got gadget geeks discussing what Apple has planned for its next must-have
gadget .

Have your say in our comments section below

As tech site BGR states : This leaked photo corroborates a previous report which
indicated that Apple, with the iPhone 7, was planning to remove the antenna
lines on the back while maintaining them "at the sides and around the top and
bottom edges..."

Leaked pictures supposedly showing the iPhone 7 in various stages of production
are becoming increasingly common.

iPhone SE release date, specs, features and price rumours ahead of Apple's new
mini iPhone launch

Some have even suggested that Apple will ditch the headphone socket on the new
version of its mobile - forcing everyone to use wireless headphones or buy an
adapter for the charging port.

Although the iPhone 7 isn't expected to be revealed until the autumn, Apple has
another event taking place next week.

The massive tech giant is expected to show off a smaller version of the current
iPhone as well as a new iPad.

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Will the iPhone 7 be the best phone of 2016?

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             546 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 11:02 AM EST

iPhone 7 announcement: Could Apple be the next Nokia?

BYLINE: Steven Max Patterson

SECTION: NEWSANALYSIS

LENGTH: 964  words


Click for image

If the next Apple announcement is like this, it should be broadcast on Cable TV
so viewers can fast forward through the many boring parts. A GEICO insurance
commercial would have been a relief from the tedium of watching Tim Cook, Jony
Ive, and Phil Schiller shoveling superlative adjectives on features copied from
Android phone makers and other product companies.

Apple isn't selling innovation. It's selling its annual iPhone annual upgrade
plan, which costs users twice as much over a three-year period, in order to turn
around declining sales. Apple's innovation engine has stalled at producing
features that drive users to upgrade, so Apple is resorting to a financial
gimmick.

The expensive iPhone annual upgrade plan - Apple's solution to declining iPhone
sales

The entry level price of a new iPhone is always $650. Over three years, the
annual upgrade plan costs about $1,150, nearly twice as much. Consumers who
change their mind about the upgrade plan will have a fourth year to pay.

The trade-ins give Apple a supply of used iPhones to refurbish as hand-me-down
entry-level phones to sell to consumers who don't want to buy an overpriced new
iPhone to compete with equally capable lower cost Android phones.

Will Apple's plan to churn the iPhones of its most fashion conscious fans solve
its declining iPhone sales woes. ARC's mobile editor, Dan Rowinski who has been
following mobile for years, says the data isn't encouraging.

Without a new category of apps, iPhone users won't care if the iPhone 7 is
faster

The iPhone 7's A10 processor will beat older iPhones when benchmarked. But
benchmarks don't measure user experience running apps. It will be difficult for
users to perceive the difference when running apps like Instagram and WeChat or
browsing the web.

Compounding this problem, app developers are obsessed with making their apps run
well on older phones to prevent users from uninstalling them.

The iPhone 7 Camera has great potential despite Apple's limited vision

Apple overlooked explaining the two features that when combined represent the
greatest potential for an entirely new category of apps that could give users
rock-solid reasons to upgrade, the iPhone 7 Plus' dual camera and the A10
processor.

Two cameras act like the human eye giving the processor a human representation
of the three-dimensional world. The A10 and its GPU have the horsepower to
render the cameras' 3-D view into a meaningful context.

For example, the dual cameras and A10 could be used to create enhanced augmented
reality apps such as 3D Pokémon rendered standing on the ground instead of
floating in the air.

The iPhone 7 Plus camera as presented by Apple is unique in just one way, it has
an optical zoom. Although just a very modest 2X zoom, it fits into a thin
0.29-inch smartphone form factor. Apple engineered a first for a change!

A tiny mechanical assembly designed to move the lenses, adjusting the focal
length to zoom in on a subject without reducing the image's resolution, is a
significant engineering accomplishment. Except for 2X zoom, Android phone makers
have built similar cameras Everything else is just a copy.

The HTC One M8 had two cameras. And HTC has produced a number of excellent f/1.8
aperture cameras. HTC, Huawei, and Samsung have built phones with 12MP OIS
sensors with large 1.55µm pixel size.The HTC UltraPixel camera even has 2.0µm
pixel sensor and an f/2.0 aperture.

Apple won't have the software ready for the first shipments of the iPhone 7 Plus
which means that opening up the camera to its developers to build game-changing
apps that understand the 3D world won't happen until much later.

If HTC had announced a phone with two cameras, it would have demonstrated much
more than a 2X optical zoom.

The iPhone 7 is ip67 water and dustproof - it's been done

The Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7Edge and the Sony Xperia Z5 all meet the higher ip68
specification protecting them longer and at deeper depths than the iPhone 7
rated at ip67.

Eliminating the 3.5mm headphone jack has been done, and done better with USB-C

Eliminating the headphone jack has been done before. The Moto Z eliminated the
headphone jack, but for a real reason. Moto wanted to make the thinnest phone
possible so that combined with a Moto Mod, such as the Moto Insta-Share
Projector, or the Off-Grid Powerpack, it would feel as thin and natural as
possible.

The Moto Z's 0.20-inch thickness precluded a headphone jack, so Moto used the
industry-standard USB-C connector to replace the headphone jack.

Last year's iPhone 6s is 0.01-inch thinner than the iPhone 7 and 0.2-inches
thinner than the iPhone 7 Plus, but it still has a standard 3.5mm headphone
jack. There isn't a good reason that Apple is forcing iPhone fans to swap out
their headsets.

Android's USB-C is a standard that any consumer products company can use to
interface a peripheral to an Android phone. Apple, of course, chose its
proprietary Lightning connector over USB-C for an inexplicable reason, too.

Been there done that - Bluetooth earbuds

A bunch of companies have built Bluetooth earbuds including Samsung's IconX
earbuds. The recharging carrying case also has been done. Take a look at eBay
and Amazon's marketplaces where a bunch of Bluetooth earbuds and charging cases
can be found at prices ranging from $30 to $200.

What's so special about Apple's new earbuds then? Like the original iPod wired
earbuds, they make a statement that you might have the latest iPhone 7 in your
pocket.

Apple is in a tough spot unless it redefines how people use their iPhones with a
new category of apps such as AR and VR. Apple is hooked on fat margins paid by
the fashion conscious. New iPhones that are only a tiny increment better won't
maintain these margins or halt the decline of iPhone sales. Apple could be the
next Nokia.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             547 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      September 2, 2016 Friday 9:20 AM GMT

iPhone 7 to ship with wireless 'AirPod' earphones - as headphone jack looks
certain for the axe;
The iPhone 7 will launch alongside Apple's own wireless headphones called
AirPods, according to a patent

BYLINE: By Rhiannon Williams

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 352 words


Reports the iPhone 7 will be Apple's first without a headphone jack are
gathering credence after a Russian patent filing emerged detailing new wireless
headphones, called AirPods.

The new headphones, branded as "Apple" rather than "Beats", will connect to the
new iPhone using Bluetooth.

The filing was made to the regulatory body for the Eurasian Economic Union, the
EEC, which encompasses Russia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Armenia and Belarus, and
was found by mobiletelefon.ru .

iPhones currently come bundled with Apple's earpod wired headphones.

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone

The iPhone 7 rumour we know is NOT true about the controversial headphone jack

Another headphone rumour from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business Insider,
suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the iPhone 7
instead of a pair of headphones.

The audio dongle would presumably plug into the lightning port, meaning you
couldn't charge the iPhone whilst using a pair of wired headphones.

Apple is hosting an event on Wednesday 7 September in San Francisco, where it is
expected to showcase the iPhone 7 and a new version of the Apple Watch.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Persistent rumours include the removal of the white plastic antenna bands, which
stretch across the back of the current iPhone 6s generation, and waterproofing.

iPhone 7 launch date CONFIRMED - Apple to unveil its new smartphone next week

The physical home button could also be replaced by pressure-sensitive technology
used in newest MacBooks' trackpads, according to Bloomberg .

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click," it
said.

The new phone is expected to go on sale on 16 September, with pre-orders taken
from 9 September.

Apple's 2017 iPhone model could have a curved screen just like the Samsung
Galaxy S7 Edge

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             548 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                          February 17, 2016 Wednesday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Still Plenty Of Small-Screen iPhone Users; 26% Have 4-Inch Screens; Apple
expected to debut latest such smartphone in March, amid growth fears

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: INTERNET & TECHNOLOGY; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 629 words


More than two years since Apple shifted its focus to larger-screen iPhones
(4.7-inch and 5.5-inch models), 26% of U.S. iPhone owners still use handsets
with 4-inch screens, according to a December survey by Consumer Intelligence
Research Partners.

The Chicago-based research firm said 110 million iPhones were in use in the
fourth quarter in the U.S., up from 100 million in Q3 and 78 million in the
year-earlier period.

Of the 110 million iPhones in use last quarter, 74% were iPhone 6 or 6 S model
handsets, CIRP said. They included 62 million iPhone 6 and 6 Plus units and 19
million iPhone 6 S and 6 S Plus units. The remainder (29 million) were mostly
4-inch iPhone 5 C and 5 S models.

Apple continues to sell the iPhone 5 S, a model that hasn't changed since its
introduction in September 2013.

What isn't known is how many of the current users simply prefer a 4-inch handset
over the larger-screen models and who's leaning toward upgrading. Apple is about
to find out.

Apple is expected to introduce a 4-inch handset, dubbed the iPhone 5 SE, at a
product launch event next month. The iPhone 5 SE is rumored to include Apple's
latest A9 and M9 processors, an NFC (near field communication) chip for Apple
Pay, support for always-on Siri activation, and the iPhone 6's camera system, 9
to5 Mac reported.

The iPhone 5 SE likely will be introduced at a media event on March 15 and be
available in retail stores on March 18, 9 to5 Mac said. Besides the new
smartphone, Apple is rumored to be debuting its next-generation iPad Air tablet
and new Apple Watch software and wristbands next month.

Apple isn't expected to refresh its flagship smartphone lineup, with the iPhone
7, until this fall. That handset is expected to be thinner because of the
removal of the headphone jack and have a larger screen because of the removal of
the physical home button. Replacing the jack will be Bluetooth capability for
wireless headsets. As for the home button, the phone will use a
pressure-sensitive screen.

Robert W. Baird analyst William Power on Tuesday reiterated his outperform
rating on Apple stock with a price target of 130 after conducting a survey about
iPhone 7 demand. Apple stock rose 2.8% to above 96 in the stock market today,
but it's still down 23% from a seven-month high near 124 touched in November.

"Based on our latest online survey, 7% of respondents claim they plan to
purchase the iPhone 7, which is actually above the 4% planning to purchase the
iPhone 6 in our February 2014 survey," Power said in a research report. "An
additional 14% are maybes vs. 13% two years ago."

Baird surveyed 1,000 people in a U.S. online poll.

"Notably, interest was greatest among recent iPhone purchasers, reflecting the
ongoing upgrade opportunity," Power said. "We view the results as directionally
positive, particularly given the recent growth concerns."

About 21% of iPhone 6 and 6 S owners plan to purchase an iPhone 7, the survey
showed. That compares with 18% of iPhone 5 S owners and 10% of iPhone 5 and 5 C
owners who plan to purchase the iPhone 7, Power said.

Investors are concerned about Apple's growth prospects, especially with iPhone
sales poised to fall for the first time on a year-over-year basis this quarter.

Also Tuesday, UBS analyst Steven Milunovich maintained his buy rating on Apple
stock, with a 12-month price target of 120.

And Drexel Hamilton analyst Brian White on Tuesday reiterated his buy rating on
Apple stock, with a price target of 200.

"With a recent earnings reset, a new iPhone cycle on the horizon with the iPhone
7, the ramp of Apple Watch, the potential for increased levels of cash paid out
to shareholders and new geographic opportunities (e.g., India), we believe Apple
represents one of the best values in the tech world," White said in a report.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             549 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Canadians will have to pay more for new iPhone 7;
Apple's flagship device carries a hefty premium

BYLINE: Michael Lewis Toronto Star

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 633 words


Even after allowing for the currency differential, Apple aficionados north of
the border will be paying more for the latest iPhone vis-#224;-vis their
American cousins.

The after-exchange markup for Canadian consumers amounts to 7 or 8 per cent,
depending on the phone's size and storage capacity, for the iPhone 7 series
without a contract.

That's for an iPhone 7 largely similar to the iPhone 6, although its features
include improved camera function, better sound, greater water and dust
resistance and longer battery life.

The phone starts at $899 (Canadian) and $649 (U.S.), with preorders beginning
Friday.

"It's certainly nice ... but it's not really that different," said Sentry
Investments vice-president Andy Nasr. "And look, it's pricey."

Apple typically defends profit margins on hardware even if premium pricing
dissuades some buyers - and it also reserves the right to adjust pricing when it
launches the iPhone 7s, likely in mid 2017.

Moreover, Nasr said customers in Canada can receive a rebate on their legacy
iPhones if they exchange the handset for an iPhone 7 or 7 Plus at an Apple
retail outlet. An Apple Canada spokesperson did not immediately respond to a
request for comment.

Nasr said pricing the iPhone for international markets hints at the challenges
volatile currencies present to U.S.-based multinationals amid a strong
greenback, adding that iPhone 7 prices may have been set when the loonie was
worth less than it is today.

He also noted that the U.S.-Canada price gap has narrowed slightly since launch
of the iPhone 6 two years ago.

Apple, meanwhile, expressed confidence that the new iPhone will sell out, even
though it will not disclose first-weekend preorder volume, calling it "no longer
a representative metric."

Apple on Wednesday announced iPhone and Apple Watch upgrades that analysts said
lack the innovative punch to drive a consumer upgrade cycle in a saturated
global market.

Some analysts said buyers should hold off on a new iPhone until 2017, when
Cupertino, Calif.-based Apple will likely unveil a more radically re-engineered,
possibly all-glass iPhone 8 to mark the 10th anniversary of the world's most
popular consumer electronics device.

"If (the iPhone 7) is just more memory and a slightly better camera, then
there's less motivation (to upgrade)," said technology consultant Chetan Sharma.

Apple's product refresh follows slightly better-than-expected fiscal
third-quarter earnings for the company on revenue and iPhone and iPad sales that
topped forecasts.

Apple has also forecast fiscal fourth-quarter revenue ahead of expectations and
could benefit this quarter from a Samsung Galaxy recall due to overheating
batteries.

But some analysts question the company's capacity for innovation, suggesting
that it lags rivals including Samsung in areas such as messaging and hardware
waterproofing.

A key Apple advantage, however, is its proprietary ecosystem and the iPhone's
ability to draw customers to other products such as the iPad, as well as to
Apple services including its mobile wallet and the App Store.

The company has posted sharp growth in its software services business in recent
quarters as it seeks to reduce reliance on hardware after an extraordinary year
that has seen a waning trajectory for iPhone sales and a recent decision by the
EU ordering repayment of billions in allegedly illegal tax benefits.

Apple marketing chief Phil Schiller told employees and media at the event that
the headphone jack will disappear on the iPhone 7 series, meaning users will
need to use wireless Bluetooth or a lightning port to physically connect
headphones.

Schiller called the controversial move courageous even as critics took to social
media to bemoan the inconvenience of a port converter and the potential loss in
sound quality via a wireless connection.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                             550 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                       April 12, 2015 Sunday 02:50 PM EST

iPhone 7 rumor rollup: May the Force Touch be with you

BYLINE: Bob Brown

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 536  words


Click for image

Perhaps because of this past week's buzz about Apple Watch going on sale, the
iPhone 7 rumor mill has spit out relatively little for Apple fans and the media
to overreact about. About the biggest excitement has been figuring out if the
next phone will be called the iPhone 6C, 6S or 7.

Although the reason for that renaming is of interest. Namely, that Apple might
be planning to fit its next iPhone with a variation of the Force Touch
technology going into its Apple Watch and 12-inch Retina MacBook. Comments to
this effect from KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo made the rounds after he
issued a note to clients and the note was quoted by MacRumors: "We believe that
iPhone's Force Touch sensor doesn't directly detect the pressure applied by
fingers. Instead, it monitors the contact area on which the finger touches the
screen to decide how big the pressure is."

Such an advance would be waaaay too important to bury in a 6S iPhone, but would
be just right for an iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus (Kuo expects Apple to stick with
4.7- and 5.5-inch models, like with the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus).

And who's to argue with Kuo. He's been right on a number of Apple predictions
before, so much so that MacRumors cites his "respectable track record" and
International Business Times describes him as "renowned."

Though going with iPhone 7 would throw off a pattern of smartphone naming by
Apple in which it alternates going with straight number, then S model editions,
year by year.

If Apple is to make a major release of the iPhone 7 this year, its staff better
get cracking. Among the other things expected/hoped for in the next major iPhone
would be improved battery life, and Apple is said (by AppleInsider) to be hiring
plenty of new people to work on that, and water-proofing, as evidenced by a new
patent. Although Apple is expected to stick with LCD technology for its iPhone
displays rather than moving to OLED, as it has done for its smart watches, so
that could help move production along.

iPhone 6C speculation

All this speculation quickly buried buzz from earlier in the month after images
surfaced online of a supposed rear casing for an iPhone 6C, a new edition of
Apple's budget model iPhone. A bare-bones mobile blog called Future Supplier
initially shared the images, which some have suggested are Photoshopped, and in
true Upworthy form, tease readers with "You may get a shock by what we recently
found."

iDigital Times isn't sure it's buying the 6C photos. It notes that while there
are some slight differences between the 5C casing and the purported 6C one (such
as the hole where Apple's camera flash peeks out), it thinks the case would need
to be thicker to contain some of the 6C features at a time when Apple is
increasingly about thinning things down.

On to iPhone 8

If you're already tired of the 6 vs. 7 debate, then we invite you to take a look
at Mihael Merkler's vision of iPhone 8. The Macedonian designer has posted
images on the Behance site in which he envisions Apple bringing out a
laser-projected keyboard, allowing users to switch between battery-saving quad
core processor or a more powerful octo core processor, and packaging the whole
thing in glass, aluminum and carbon fiber.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             551 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 14, 2016 Sunday 7:26 PM GMT

The iPhone 7 rumour we know is NOT true about the controversial headphone jack;

The new iPhone controversially will be minus the headphone jack and everyone's
been guessing as to why - one rumour is definitely (probably) wrong

BYLINE: By Jo-Anne Rowney

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 224 words


Rumours have been flying everywhere in the lead up to the iPhone 7's release -
but now we know one is most likely wrong.

Most of the rumours have centered on the controversial removal of the headphone
jack.

In the lead-up to the announcement, expected on September 7, Apple fans have
been trying to make educated guesses as to why the company have dropped the
jack.

Some of the possible reasons have been floating around include Bluetooth taking
over, size and battery issues.

In leaked images of the alleged iPhone 7 and 7 Plus there are two speaker holes
on the bottom by the Lightning port.

iPhone 7 launch date leaked as new photos indicate a big change to the home
button

Nowhereelse.fr reports the schematic designs of the new iPhones suggest this is
not the case and, in fact, there will be no secondary speaker.

At the moment the iPhone has a single down-facing speaker.

Radical 'all-glass' iPhone 7 rumoured to be in development as Apple gears up for
September launch

Before the existing iPhone 6 the product had dual speaker grilles by the
connector port, but these were not stereo - no iPhone has stereo speakers.

The space shown on the iPhone 7 looks as if there isn't enough space for a
stereo speaker - but if this isn't the reason what is?

Why do you think Apple is ditching the headphone jacket? Leave your suggestions
in the comments below.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             552 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 8:25 AM GMT

The new Apple iPhone 7 is waterproof, wireless and comes with an upgraded camera
and new colours;
The tech giant revealed its latest iPhone and Watch in San Francisco

BYLINE: By walesonline

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 729 words


Apple has unveiled the new iPhone 7, making the phone water resistant for the
first time, removing the headphone jack and providing wireless headphones.

The tech giant's chief executive Tim Cook announced the phone at an event in San
Francisco.

There's also a new version of the Apple Watch, called the Series 2.

The Watch, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will go on sale on September 16, with
pre-orders beginning on Friday.

As was widely rumoured, Apple confirmed the removal of the headphone jack
connection on the base of the phone.

Instead, Apple said it now includes earphones in their boxes that connect to the
iPhone's Lightning connection, currently used for charging and data transfer.

An adaptor will also be included in the box that will enable traditional
headphone users to connect to the new iPhone and continue to use their existing
headset.

Some commentators had predicted a backlash from consumers if Apple completely
cut off wired connections in one move.

New "breakthrough" wireless EarPods called AirPods were also unveiled for those
wanting to go wireless.

The AirPods contain sensors that can tell when they are in a user's ears, and
can be connected to an iPhone or Apple Watch just by opening the smart box they
come in, that also charges them.

Apple said they would have five hours of battery life.

However, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that
plug into the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor
for people who want to hang onto their old headphones.

The wireless versions can be purchased for an additional £159.

A smoother, more metallic finish has been implemented, so the Jet Black version
of the iPhone 7 in particular looks a departure from previous generations.

A black finish has also been added alongside gold, silver and rose gold.

The iPhone 7 will also come with stereo speakers for the first time, with a
speaker now placed at the top and bottom of the device.

The iPhone 7 has also had its camera completely redesigned, with a much-rumoured
second lens being added to the larger iPhone 7 Plus that will enable users to
capture more zoomed images without losing picture quality. All the camera lenses
have also been given improved image stabilisation, a wider aperture that lets in
50% more light and a seven megapixel front-facing camera.

The lenses across the two phones now contain a 12 megapixel sensor.

It will allow the iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate
the background from the foreground to achieve amazing portraits once possible
only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

The new home button is "force-sensitive", meaning it provides haptic feedback
when you use it in different ways.

Apple also unveiled the Apple Watch Series 2 at its launch event, which looks
almost identical to its predecessor.

However, while the first Apple Watch was "splash" proof, the second edition
Series 2 is "swim" proof - completely water resistant to a depth of 50 meters,
in both swimming pools and open water.

The Apple Watch 2 also has built-in GPS, so it can record precise distance, pace
and speed for outdoor workouts such as walking, running or cycling.

The Apple Watch 2 is available in two different case sizes - 38 mm and 42 mm -
and three different colours - gold, rose gold, silver or space grey.

The Apple Watch 2 will be available in gold, rose gold, silver or space grey
aluminium, or silver or space black stainless steel cases paired with a wide
variety of bands starting at £369.In the UK, Apple said the iPhone 7 will be
available from a starting price of £599 for the cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB
version is £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a whopping £799.

Mr Cook said of the smartphone: "It has become the industry gold standard.

"iPhone is the phone by which all others are measured and it has become a
cultural phenomenon."

In July, the tech giant revealed it had sold the one billionth unit of the
device, while Mr Cook said the Apple Watch was now the world's second most
popular watch brand and most popular smartwatch.

The new batch of emojis is about to appear but there's still no Welsh flag

Many had predicted that the iPhone 7 would change little of Apple's smartphone,
with eyes on next year's 10th anniversary.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             553 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Business Times Singapore

                          September 17, 2016 Saturday

Consumers will have to wait to buy jet-black iPhones

BYLINE: , Consumers will have to wait to buy jet-black iPhones

SECTION: CONSUMER; Editorial

LENGTH: 405 words


Washington

APPLE hasn't released any preorder numbers for its latest pair of iPhones, but
the company has let slip one nugget about sales: If you want the jet-black
iPhone, you may have to wait awhile.

The company says its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus phones in the new, glossy black
finish will not be on shelves in Apple stores on Friday. It said in a statement
to The Washington Post: "We couldn't be happier with the initial response to
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

"During the online pre-order period, initial quantities of iPhone 7 Plus in all
finishes and iPhone 7 in jet black sold out and will not be available for
walk-in customers." The jet-black iPhone models come only in the phone's
higher-storage capacities, 128 gigabyte and 256 gigabyte.

Shoppers may have luck finding the jet-black phones at carrier stores or other
retail stores, such as Best Buy or Target, but are advised to call ahead of
going to the store or camping out in line, to ensure they can get what they
want.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus also comes in rose gold, gold, silver and Apple's
other black finish; the firm said shoppers will be able to find these hues in
Apple stores and other retail stores from Friday.

Those who really want the shiny jet-black finish can still order the phone they
want - though it will require patience. Orders for the jet-black iPhone on
Apple's website have shipping dates stretching into November.

Apple has said it will not release pre-order sales information for this pair of
smartphones, as had been its custom, because it thought that the phones will
sell out and that sales will be limited only by supply.

Skeptics have said that Apple's decision indicates it is worried that the latest
phones - which are more of an incremental update than many had hoped - will not
sell in the way that has come to be expected from Apple. It is a valid concern,
given that some may look at the new phones and decide not to upgrade so quickly.

Early statements from major US carriers, however, indicate that pre-orders are
on pace with past years or better. Verizon's executive vice-president Marni
Walden said at a mobile industry conference that iPhone preorders were "business
as usual", Bloomberg reported.

Meanwhile, AT&T, Sprint and T-Mobile have said that preorders are higher than
for the iPhone 6S.

Sprint, a smaller carrier, said pre-orders were "up more than 375 per cent" from
the first three days of iPhone sales last year. WP

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WILL YOU WAIT? Orders for the jet-black model on Apple's website have
shipping dates stretching into November.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             554 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

After all the rumors, the big question: Has iPhone scored?

BYLINE: Liu Zheng in San Francisco

LENGTH: 850  words


After listening to months of rumors, finally the climax: a mega product launch
event which once again caught the media spotlight for Apple Inc in September.

Apple CEO Tim Cook shows an iPhone 7 to performer Maddie Ziegler during an event
to announce new products on Wednesday in San Francisco. [Photo provided to China
Daily]

Mega product launch, guaranteed media spotlight, but Apple's magic under
scrutiny

After listening to months of rumors, finally the climax: a mega product launch
event which once again caught the media spotlight for Apple Inc in September.

Moving on from initially being cheered up without a second's thought about the
new features of the latest generation of iPhones, which are equipped with dual
rear cameras and dust and water resistance features, a series of questions
popped up: does the design look familiar? Is Apple just following the trends
being set by the Huawei P9 and Samsung S7, rather than being innovative as it is
used to be?

I found the answer during my chats with online subscribers, who stayed up too
late to follow Apple's new business move on a live-streaming platform.

Some of them are independent IT critics who specialize in smartphone
photography. Some, who asked to be anonymous, said that the technologies and
algorithms behind the iPhone 7 Plus and Huawei P9 are different as the latter
provides a dual camera with one capturing monochrome and the other providing
color photos.

The dual camera system of the iPhone 7 Plus allows the two cameras to shoot as
one, for a high resolution optical zoom at two times.

"The new iPhone carries out the design theory of Apple, which is being simple,
fashion and user friendly," said James Yan, research director at Counterpoint
Technology Market Research.

Yan said there was no big surprises for the new iPhones, as the rumors prior to
the launch seemed to have disclosed most of the details. But he believes that
the products "will do well" in the first five months in China, and afterward,
the market performance will rely on whether its domestic competitors follow its
footsteps and launch products with similar technologies.

Meanwhile, the most regrettable thing for me this year is Augmented Reality
(AR).

As AR hardware manufacturing and investment has witnessed rapid growth from last
year in China[#xff0d]and Pokemon Go, the location-based AR game, became a global
hit[#xff0d]the market had been expecting to see Apple spread its wings.

Rumors linked to Apple's future VR strategy appeared online and drew the
industry's attention as CEO Tim Cook commented on the technology publicly, which
was interpreted as a sign Apple was about to extend into the AR sector.

But the "One More Thing" part of the event, described as the company's
traditional disclosure of a trend or innovative ideas that will be implemented
in its products, was not shown in the end.

People tend to think that Apple won't disclose any details until it's fully
ready to do so.

Sound bites

"Generally speaking, I am kind of disappointed with the iPhone 7 series. The new
series is not as innovative as I thought previously. Before the event, I really
look forward to the news that Apple may ditch the home button. But now Apple is
still keeping it. And since my iPhone 6s can meet my need for taking selfies, I
won't buy the new iPhone 7 or 7 plus. I would only buy one if I made a fortune."

Liu Yujing, 20, junior at North China University of Technology

"I have used the iPhone for around 7 years. Compared to other mobile phones,
iPhone is the best. So I always want to try Apple's new products. Seeing the
event, I really want to buy an iPhone 7 plus. Now I have a 64GB iPhone 6, and I
always need to delete stuff for new photos of my kid or news conferences. So I
really need a new one with enough space. And since the iPhone 7 plus packs dual
cameras, I will choose that instead of the iPhone 7."

Gao Suying, 39, chief editor at Bei-jing-based China Business Journal

"Compared with last year's iPhone 6s, I feel the new iPhone 7 series does not
bring any big change. Of course, there are some bright spots, such as the
waterproof feature and the final launch of the Super Mario Run for iPhone. For
me, the best part of the new series is the A-10 processor. Due to my Sony Xperia
Z3's small internal storage, I might consider buying an iPhone 6 plus or iPhone
6s. As you know, there definitely will be a price reduction on them."

Zhen Xiang, 26, staff member at Yiai Lake Park Administration in Huanggang,
Hubei province

"In design, the iPhone 7 series has not done enough on the innovation front. The
worst thing is the removal of the 3.55mm headphone jack, which will cause
inconvenience for users. Now users need to buy an extra convert-er for
headphones. What's more, consumers have to pay more money for more storage
space. So I certain-ly would not buy a new iPhone, Actually I have more fondness
for my own Huawei Honor 6 plus, which came out with dual cameras two years ago.
And the price is much better."

Zhu Yi, project manager at Research & Development Center (Jiaxing, Zhejiang
province) at Minth Group Ltd, a leading supplier of exterior auto parts

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             555 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                               September 9, 2016

After all the rumors, the big question: Has iPhone scored?

BYLINE: Liu Zheng in San Francisco

LENGTH: 850  words


After listening to months of rumors, finally the climax: a mega product launch
event which once again caught the media spotlight for Apple Inc in September.

Apple CEO Tim Cook shows an iPhone 7 to performer Maddie Ziegler during an event
to announce new products on Wednesday in San Francisco. [Photo provided to China
Daily]

Mega product launch, guaranteed media spotlight, but Apple's magic under
scrutiny

After listening to months of rumors, finally the climax: a mega product launch
event which once again caught the media spotlight for Apple Inc in September.

Moving on from initially being cheered up without a second's thought about the
new features of the latest generation of iPhones, which are equipped with dual
rear cameras and dust and water resistance features, a series of questions
popped up: does the design look familiar? Is Apple just following the trends
being set by the Huawei P9 and Samsung S7, rather than being innovative as it is
used to be?

I found the answer during my chats with online subscribers, who stayed up too
late to follow Apple's new business move on a live-streaming platform.

Some of them are independent IT critics who specialize in smartphone
photography. Some, who asked to be anonymous, said that the technologies and
algorithms behind the iPhone 7 Plus and Huawei P9 are different as the latter
provides a dual camera with one capturing monochrome and the other providing
color photos.

The dual camera system of the iPhone 7 Plus allows the two cameras to shoot as
one, for a high resolution optical zoom at two times.

"The new iPhone carries out the design theory of Apple, which is being simple,
fashion and user friendly," said James Yan, research director at Counterpoint
Technology Market Research.

Yan said there was no big surprises for the new iPhones, as the rumors prior to
the launch seemed to have disclosed most of the details. But he believes that
the products "will do well" in the first five months in China, and afterward,
the market performance will rely on whether its domestic competitors follow its
footsteps and launch products with similar technologies.

Meanwhile, the most regrettable thing for me this year is Augmented Reality
(AR).

As AR hardware manufacturing and investment has witnessed rapid growth from last
year in China[#xff0d]and Pokemon Go, the location-based AR game, became a global
hit[#xff0d]the market had been expecting to see Apple spread its wings.

Rumors linked to Apple's future VR strategy appeared online and drew the
industry's attention as CEO Tim Cook commented on the technology publicly, which
was interpreted as a sign Apple was about to extend into the AR sector.

But the "One More Thing" part of the event, described as the company's
traditional disclosure of a trend or innovative ideas that will be implemented
in its products, was not shown in the end.

People tend to think that Apple won't disclose any details until it's fully
ready to do so.

Sound bites

"Generally speaking, I am kind of disappointed with the iPhone 7 series. The new
series is not as innovative as I thought previously. Before the event, I really
look forward to the news that Apple may ditch the home button. But now Apple is
still keeping it. And since my iPhone 6s can meet my need for taking selfies, I
won't buy the new iPhone 7 or 7 plus. I would only buy one if I made a fortune."

Liu Yujing, 20, junior at North China University of Technology

"I have used the iPhone for around 7 years. Compared to other mobile phones,
iPhone is the best. So I always want to try Apple's new products. Seeing the
event, I really want to buy an iPhone 7 plus. Now I have a 64GB iPhone 6, and I
always need to delete stuff for new photos of my kid or news conferences. So I
really need a new one with enough space. And since the iPhone 7 plus packs dual
cameras, I will choose that instead of the iPhone 7."

Gao Suying, 39, chief editor at Bei-jing-based China Business Journal

"Compared with last year's iPhone 6s, I feel the new iPhone 7 series does not
bring any big change. Of course, there are some bright spots, such as the
waterproof feature and the final launch of the Super Mario Run for iPhone. For
me, the best part of the new series is the A-10 processor. Due to my Sony Xperia
Z3's small internal storage, I might consider buying an iPhone 6 plus or iPhone
6s. As you know, there definitely will be a price reduction on them."

Zhen Xiang, 26, staff member at Yiai Lake Park Administration in Huanggang,
Hubei province

"In design, the iPhone 7 series has not done enough on the innovation front. The
worst thing is the removal of the 3.55mm headphone jack, which will cause
inconvenience for users. Now users need to buy an extra convert-er for
headphones. What's more, consumers have to pay more money for more storage
space. So I certain-ly would not buy a new iPhone, Actually I have more fondness
for my own Huawei Honor 6 plus, which came out with dual cameras two years ago.
And the price is much better."

Zhu Yi, project manager at Research & Development Center (Jiaxing, Zhejiang
province) at Minth Group Ltd, a leading supplier of exterior auto parts

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             556 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

After all the rumors, the big question: Has iPhone scored?

BYLINE: Liu Zheng in San Francisco

LENGTH: 863  words


After listening to months of rumors, finally the climax: a mega product launch
event which once again caught the media spotlight for Apple Inc in September.

Apple CEO Tim Cook shows an iPhone 7 to performer Maddie Ziegler during an event
to announce new products on Wednesday in San Francisco. [Photo provided to China
Daily]

Mega product launch, guaranteed media spotlight, but Apple's magic under
scrutiny

After listening to months of rumors, finally the climax: a mega product launch
event which once again caught the media spotlight for Apple Inc in September.

Moving on from initially being cheered up without a second's thought about the
new features of the latest generation of iPhones, which are equipped with dual
rear cameras and dust and water resistance features, a series of questions
popped up: does the design look familiar? Is Apple just following the trends
being set by the Huawei P9 and Samsung S7, rather than being innovative as it is
used to be?

I found the answer during my chats with online subscribers, who stayed up too
late to follow Apple's new business move on a live-streaming platform.

Some of them are independent IT critics who specialize in smartphone
photography. Some, who asked to be anonymous, said that the technologies and
algorithms behind the iPhone 7 Plus and Huawei P9 are different as the latter
provides a dual camera with one capturing monochrome and the other providing
color photos.

The dual camera system of the iPhone 7 Plus allows the two cameras to shoot as
one, for a high resolution optical zoom at two times.

"The new iPhone carries out the design theory of Apple, which is being simple,
fashion and user friendly," said James Yan, research director at Counterpoint
Technology Market Research.

Yan said there was no big surprises for the new iPhones, as the rumors prior to
the launch seemed to have disclosed most of the details. But he believes that
the products "will do well" in the first five months in China, and afterward,
the market performance will rely on whether its domestic competitors follow its
footsteps and launch products with similar technologies.

Meanwhile, the most regrettable thing for me this year is Augmented Reality
(AR).

As AR hardware manufacturing and investment has witnessed rapid growth from last
year in China[#xff0d]and Pokemon Go, the location-based AR game, became a global
hit[#xff0d]the market had been expecting to see Apple spread its wings.

Rumors linked to Apple's future VR strategy appeared online and drew the
industry's attention as CEO Tim Cook commented on the technology publicly, which
was interpreted as a sign Apple was about to extend into the AR sector.

But the "One More Thing" part of the event, described as the company's
traditional disclosure of a trend or innovative ideas that will be implemented
in its products, was not shown in the end.

People tend to think that Apple won't disclose any details until it's fully
ready to do so.

Sound bites

"Generally speaking, I am kind of disappointed with the iPhone 7 series. The new
series is not as innovative as I thought previously. Before the event, I really
look forward to the news that Apple may ditch the home button. But now Apple is
still keeping it. And since my iPhone 6s can meet my need for taking selfies, I
won't buy the new iPhone 7 or 7 plus. I would only buy one if I made a fortune."

Liu Yujing, 20, junior at North China University of Technology

"I have used the iPhone for around 7 years. Compared to other mobile phones,
iPhone is the best. So I always want to try Apple's new products. Seeing the
event, I really want to buy an iPhone 7 plus. Now I have a 64GB iPhone 6, and I
always need to delete stuff for new photos of my kid or news conferences. So I
really need a new one with enough space. And since the iPhone 7 plus packs dual
cameras, I will choose that instead of the iPhone 7."

Gao Suying, 39, chief editor at Bei-jing-based China Business Journal

"Compared with last year's iPhone 6s, I feel the new iPhone 7 series does not
bring any big change. Of course, there are some bright spots, such as the
waterproof feature and the final launch of the Super Mario Run for iPhone. For
me, the best part of the new series is the A-10 processor. Due to my Sony Xperia
Z3's small internal storage, I might consider buying an iPhone 6 plus or iPhone
6s. As you know, there definitely will be a price reduction on them."

Zhen Xiang, 26, staff member at Yiai Lake Park Administration in Huanggang,
Hubei province

"In design, the iPhone 7 series has not done enough on the innovation front. The
worst thing is the removal of the 3.55mm headphone jack, which will cause
inconvenience for users. Now users need to buy an extra convert-er for
headphones. What's more, consumers have to pay more money for more storage
space. So I certain-ly would not buy a new iPhone, Actually I have more fondness
for my own Huawei Honor 6 plus, which came out with dual cameras two years ago.
And the price is much better."

Zhu Yi, project manager at Research & Development Center (Jiaxing, Zhejiang
province) at Minth Group Ltd, a leading supplier of exterior auto parts

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/53/147341286919.jpg

b083fe955aa1193c3cd509.jpg

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             557 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                               September 9, 2016

After all the rumors, the big question: Has iPhone scored?

BYLINE: Liu Zheng in San Francisco

LENGTH: 850  words


After listening to months of rumors, finally the climax: a mega product launch
event which once again caught the media spotlight for Apple Inc in September.

Apple CEO Tim Cook shows an iPhone 7 to performer Maddie Ziegler during an event
to announce new products on Wednesday in San Francisco. [Photo provided to China
Daily]

Mega product launch, guaranteed media spotlight, but Apple's magic under
scrutiny

After listening to months of rumors, finally the climax: a mega product launch
event which once again caught the media spotlight for Apple Inc in September.

Moving on from initially being cheered up without a second's thought about the
new features of the latest generation of iPhones, which are equipped with dual
rear cameras and dust and water resistance features, a series of questions
popped up: does the design look familiar? Is Apple just following the trends
being set by the Huawei P9 and Samsung S7, rather than being innovative as it is
used to be?

I found the answer during my chats with online subscribers, who stayed up too
late to follow Apple's new business move on a live-streaming platform.

Some of them are independent IT critics who specialize in smartphone
photography. Some, who asked to be anonymous, said that the technologies and
algorithms behind the iPhone 7 Plus and Huawei P9 are different as the latter
provides a dual camera with one capturing monochrome and the other providing
color photos.

The dual camera system of the iPhone 7 Plus allows the two cameras to shoot as
one, for a high resolution optical zoom at two times.

"The new iPhone carries out the design theory of Apple, which is being simple,
fashion and user friendly," said James Yan, research director at Counterpoint
Technology Market Research.

Yan said there was no big surprises for the new iPhones, as the rumors prior to
the launch seemed to have disclosed most of the details. But he believes that
the products "will do well" in the first five months in China, and afterward,
the market performance will rely on whether its domestic competitors follow its
footsteps and launch products with similar technologies.

Meanwhile, the most regrettable thing for me this year is Augmented Reality
(AR).

As AR hardware manufacturing and investment has witnessed rapid growth from last
year in China[#xff0d]and Pokemon Go, the location-based AR game, became a global
hit[#xff0d]the market had been expecting to see Apple spread its wings.

Rumors linked to Apple's future VR strategy appeared online and drew the
industry's attention as CEO Tim Cook commented on the technology publicly, which
was interpreted as a sign Apple was about to extend into the AR sector.

But the "One More Thing" part of the event, described as the company's
traditional disclosure of a trend or innovative ideas that will be implemented
in its products, was not shown in the end.

People tend to think that Apple won't disclose any details until it's fully
ready to do so.

Sound bites

"Generally speaking, I am kind of disappointed with the iPhone 7 series. The new
series is not as innovative as I thought previously. Before the event, I really
look forward to the news that Apple may ditch the home button. But now Apple is
still keeping it. And since my iPhone 6s can meet my need for taking selfies, I
won't buy the new iPhone 7 or 7 plus. I would only buy one if I made a fortune."

Liu Yujing, 20, junior at North China University of Technology

"I have used the iPhone for around 7 years. Compared to other mobile phones,
iPhone is the best. So I always want to try Apple's new products. Seeing the
event, I really want to buy an iPhone 7 plus. Now I have a 64GB iPhone 6, and I
always need to delete stuff for new photos of my kid or news conferences. So I
really need a new one with enough space. And since the iPhone 7 plus packs dual
cameras, I will choose that instead of the iPhone 7."

Gao Suying, 39, chief editor at Bei-jing-based China Business Journal

"Compared with last year's iPhone 6s, I feel the new iPhone 7 series does not
bring any big change. Of course, there are some bright spots, such as the
waterproof feature and the final launch of the Super Mario Run for iPhone. For
me, the best part of the new series is the A-10 processor. Due to my Sony Xperia
Z3's small internal storage, I might consider buying an iPhone 6 plus or iPhone
6s. As you know, there definitely will be a price reduction on them."

Zhen Xiang, 26, staff member at Yiai Lake Park Administration in Huanggang,
Hubei province

"In design, the iPhone 7 series has not done enough on the innovation front. The
worst thing is the removal of the 3.55mm headphone jack, which will cause
inconvenience for users. Now users need to buy an extra convert-er for
headphones. What's more, consumers have to pay more money for more storage
space. So I certain-ly would not buy a new iPhone, Actually I have more fondness
for my own Huawei Honor 6 plus, which came out with dual cameras two years ago.
And the price is much better."

Zhu Yi, project manager at Research & Development Center (Jiaxing, Zhejiang
province) at Minth Group Ltd, a leading supplier of exterior auto parts

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             558 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                      July 13, 2016 Wednesday 03:32 PM EST

iPhone 7 to have nearly 15% bigger battery than the iPhone 6s

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 286  words


Click for image

Noted iPhone leaker OnLeaks (aka Steve Hemmerstoffer of Nowhereelse.fr)
published an interesting tweet earlier today indicating that the iPhone 7 may
finally address one of the more longstanding complaints about Apple's iconic
smartphone: battery life. To be clear, Apple has made tremendous improvements in
the iPhone's battery technology over the years, but as we continue to demand
more and more from our smartphones, many people find that they can't even go a
full day on their iPhone with a single charge.

That being the case, OnLeaks's tweet relays that the iPhone 7's battery will
have nearly 15% more capacity than the iPhone 6s battery.

ltrenPretty reliable (not 100% but almost...) source told me #iPhone7 battery =
1960mAh (#iPhone6s = 1715mAh)

- OnLeaks (@OnLeaks) July 13, 2016

This should be encouraging news but we should stress that battery life is
determined by any number of factors. So even though the battery on the iPhone 7
might be able to store more juice, it's entirely possible that new components or
technologies included on the iPhone 7 may demand more power than previous
models. In such a scenario, battery life on the iPhone would more or less remain
the same.

At the same time, with rumors suggesting that the iPhone 7 will be short on
exciting new features, perhaps Apple's key selling points will consist of three
separate factors: improved battery life, more bang for the buck with respect to
storage, and a huge leap forward in camera technology.

One thing is for sure, though. With reports that Apple this past quarter
experienced yet another year-over-year decline in iPhone sales, the iPhone 7
will be released with a whole lot of pressure to succeed right out of the gate.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             559 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                           September 23, 2016 Friday

Apple, Flipkart enter into partnership to sell iPhone 7 in India

LENGTH: 131  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 23 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Bengaluru: If you are planning to buy the newly launched iPhone 7, then you
have a buying option in Flipkart.


 Apple has partnered with the e-marketplace Flipkart to sell iPhone in India
from October 7.
 It is the first time that Flipkart will be directly sourcing iphones from
Apple, unlike earlier when it used to buy iPhones from the third-party sellers.
 A new microsite on Flipkart announced that the iPhone 7 is coming soon.
 Apple will launch the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in India on October 7.
 Prices for the iPhone 7 start from Rs 60,000 for the 32GB variant and go up to
Rs 80,000 for the 256GB variant. Prices for the iPhone 7 Plus, on the other
hand, start from Rs 72,000 for the 32GB variant, and go up to Rs 92,000 for the
256GB variant.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             560 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

Is the iPhone 7 a worthy upgrade?

LENGTH: 741  words

DATELINE: Hyderabad


Hyderabad, Sept. 15 -- The disappearance of the 3.5mm audio socket and the
rework of the home button were already staple mentions on gossip columns and
tech websites much before the launch of the iPhone 7. Steve Jobs would have been
furious with such laxity.


 Yet, there are a few surprising new features in the pair of new iPhones that
Apple unveiled last week. Design is certainly not one of them. The overall look
and shape of the new iPhones have remained the same over the past three
iterations, save the changes to the antenna line in the new ones.
 So, should you go in for the upgrade if you already own an iPhone? And if you
are planning to jump ship from Android, are the upgrades in the iPhone 7 and 7
Plus worth emptying your wallet for upward of [#x20b9]60,000? Or should you wait
for that deal on the 6s?
 Design and display
 The screen on the iPhone 7 is the same Retina HD display as on the 6s - it's
just that it's now 25 per cent brighter and shows a wider gamut of colours.
 The new Home button with Taptic engine feedback could be an interesting
addition, but it is too fringe to become a factor influencing a buy call. A
similar point would be the new dust and water resistance feature, where Apple is
by now only a follower, not a trendsetter. The new Jet Black body finish looks
awesome in pictures, but our guess is that if you are a heavy user, the matt
black might be the one to choose. The super glossy Jet Black finish is
guaranteed to be prone to fingerprints and scratches.
 Upgraded camera
 The iPhone 7 gets a new 12MP camera with an f/1.8 aperture lens and optical
image stabilisation. This is a big jump in performance over the 6s, because the
new lens will allow more light into the sensor (50 per cent more than 6s) and
the optical stabilisation will deliver much better results than the kind of
stabilisation that can be achieved by software. So, low light photography should
produce much better, less grainy results. Flash photos should be better too
thanks to the the quad LEDs. But, it is the iPhone 7 Plus that gets two cameras
positioned side by side and both 12MP each. This arrangement is meant to deliver
greater depth to your photos and to be able to generate that key 'Bokah' effect
for portraits and close-ups. But, one capability that will be unique to the 7
Plus is optical zoom upto 2X.
 The new cameras are great but unless you're quite a phone photography
enthusiast, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus cameras are fantastic in themselves. There
are a lot of apps that can also help add depth and Bokeh in post-processing.
 Processor power
 The iPhone 7's new A10 Fusion chip offers an incremental improvement in
processing power, graphics speeds and battery efficiency. The numbers are only
impressive compared to the iPhone 6 and much less attractive when compared to
the 6s. So, unless you are an Apple loyalist or a performance addict, the 6s'
performance should suffice from the perspective of processing power. That would
be the recommendation even if you are big into gaming on your phone.
 But, the reason the iPhone 7 could be more attractive is the doubling of
memory. With apps taking over our lives, the need for higher capacity has never
been more urgent. And there are no memory cards with Apple devices, so the
larger capacity is most welcome. With the iPhone 7's camera capable of shooting
in RAW format and also taking 4K videos the larger memory will definitely be
useful. Many of today's games take up space and even their updates (like Asphalt
8 Airborne's) are larger than 1GB.
 Sound of music
 The stereo speakers on the iPhone 7 are welcome, not so the elimination of the
3.5mm audio socket. But then, you can't complain since Apple is including the
lightning to 3.5mm adapter in the box. Also, with the lighting socket doubling
up as the audio port and with the possibility of it delivering power for
headphones with active noise cancellation, this could turn out to be a blessing
eventually.
 Down to cash
 True iPhone fans need little persuasion to move to the next version. But it
comes down to whether you want to spend the cash on an iteration of what already
works quite well. If you're using a really old version of the iPhone, and can
spare the money, certainly look at the new iPhone 7's. If not, wait for a good
deal on the iPhone 6s or 6s Plus. As far as software goes, the operating system
is now upgrading for everyone, with the release of iOS 10 and new features will
come in on old devices.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             561 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

NEW IPHONE GETS RID OF AUDIO JACK;
APPLE TOUTS BETTER CAMERA AT UNVEILING

BYLINE:  Brandon Bailey and Michael Liedtke  Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 774 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Apple's latest iPhone might be more notable for what's missing than what's been
added, as the tech giant tries to revive demand for its top-selling product and
nudge consumers closer to its vision of a wireless world.

That's a world where, in Apple's view, consumers will use the same wireless
earbuds to shift seamlessly from listening to music on their iPhone to talking
with their Apple Watch and other Apple gadgets.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus unveiled Wednesday come with a faster processor, longer
battery life and better cameras - including a new dual lens system in the
pricier 7 Plus model that provides higher quality zooming. But the new phones
won't have the analog headphone jack that's been a staple for decades in just
about every consumer electronics device that can play audio.

Apple is betting its legions of loyal fans will embrace the shift - or that they
won't mind using a new style of earbuds that plug into the iPhone's "Lightning"
charging port.

The redesigned earbuds - with cord - will be included with the new iPhones. Also
in the box: an adapter that will let older headphones plug into the digital
charging port. But Apple would clearly prefer to push consumers to make the leap
into what it envisions as a "wireless future."

"The reason to move on is courage," Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice
president of worldwide marketing, said during the company's fall product event.
"The courage to move on and do something new that will benefit all of us."

As part of the transition, Apple introduced wireless "AirPods" that will sell
for

$160. They're powered by an Apple-designed processor and special software that
Schiller said will let users easily sync the wireless buds to their iPhone,
Apple Watch and other Apple devices. Apple is also promising a new line of
high-end wireless speakers from its Beats division.

Getting rid of the

3.5 millimeter headphone jack helped Apple make room for a second iPhone speaker
designed for playing stereo sound. The iPhone 7 is also water resistant, a
popular feature that rivals such as Samsung Electronics have already introduced.

Schiller portrayed the move to drop the headphone jack as a step toward
improving user experience. "It makes no sense to tether ourselves with cables to
our mobile devices," he said.

The company is trying to reverse its first decline in iPhone sales since the
company's founder, Steve Jobs, unveiled the trendsetting device in

2007. It's

also seen a drop in demand for the Apple Watch since its introduction last year.

Though the company sold nearly

92 million iPhones in the first six months of this year, that's about 15 percent
fewer than the same period last year. Industry analysts say the iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus, which Apple introduced last fall, didn't offer many compelling new
features over the previous year's models.

With the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, Apple could face a similar challenge.

Apple delivered virtually all the features that had been promised in news leaks
over recent weeks, but analyst Bob O'Donnell of Technalysis Research said the
changes from last year's iPhones were "modest" overall. The dual-lens camera in
the iPhone 7 Plus could be impressive, he said, but it's only available in the
larger and more expensive phone, limiting its appeal.

APPLE'S MAJOR ANNOUNCEMENTS

IPHONE 7 AND 7 PLUS: Apple's new iPhone is getting a faster processor, an
updated home button and will come with water and dust protection. Apple says the
iPhone 7 home button is now force sensitive, so responses can differ based on
how hard you press it. It's similar to what Apple has done with a trackpad in
its MacBook. Apple estimates that the 7 Plus will have an additional hour of
battery life compared to the 6S.

CAMERA: Camera improvements include a new flash with four LEDs rather than two
for greater brightness. High-end photographers can get images in RAW format,
which allows for more versatile editing, matching what many leading cameras now
have. The iPhone 7 Plus will have two lenses to boost the zoom capabilities of
the camera. The camera can now zoom in twice as much without losing sharpness.
Both cameras take 12 megapixel photos.

PRICING AND STORAGE: TheiPhone 7 will start at $650, the same as the 6S it
replaces. The larger Plus model is increasing to $770 from $750. They come in
silver, gold, rose gold, black andthe new jet-black finish. Storagehas been
doubled, so Apple joins rival phone makers in making the starter model 32
gigabytes, rather than 16 gigabytes before. Apple is doubling storage in
higher-priced models, too - to 128 and 256 gigabytes. The new phones will ship
Sept. 16, with orders to start this Friday.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             562 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            November 23, 2015 Monday

Apple iPhone 7 to be waterproof

LENGTH: 184  words


By tbreak Staff -

After the success of the Apple iPhone 6s, rumors of the Apple iPhone 7 have
already started to make its way around the Internet.

The Apple iPhone 7 will most probably come with updated features, mainly 3GB of
RAM and a waterproof body. Similar to how the iPhone 6 had a 6s and Plus
variants, the iPhone 7 might also come with a Plus variant. However, the
increased RAM will not be a part of the Plus variant, as it may not be the
flagship. The iPhone 7 might be coming with a 5.5 inch screen. It may come with
a 4.0 inch screen iPhone C models early next year, but it is not confirmed if
the other variants will come out at the same time.

There are also rumors that the iPhone 7 might be waterproof. Apple has never
waterproofed their devices, so this might be a game changer for Apple and might
help Apple to cross the next milestone. Other details of the iPhone 7 have not
been confirmed by Apple so far.

Apple is also expected to ship 260 million iPhones in 2016, thus creating a gain
of 12.5 percent when compared to the 2015 shipments.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/23/144836424006.jpg



LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             563 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus: India price starts at Rs 60,000, launch date and
specs revealed

BYLINE: Robin Sinha

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 425 words


NEW DELHI: Apple Inc. finally put an end to all iPhone rumours by launching the
iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus smartphones. The handsets were announced in the
company's keynote event at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium.

Both the devices will be available starting September 16, 2016 in the US.The
Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus come in Silver, Gold, Rose Gold, Black and Jet
Black colour variants in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB storage versions. The company has
added the aluminium-finish Jet Black and mirrorless-finish Black variants
instead of the earlier Space Grey one. The phones will be available in India
from 7 October and the price starts at Rs 60,000 (32GB). There is also an iPhone
upgrade programme for users in the US, UK and China. The pre-orders in the US
starts this Friday and the shipping will commence from September 16.The antenna
lines, which previously ran across the back panel on top and bottom, now run on
the sides giving an overall cleaner look. Another feature hitting the iPhone
models for the first time is the IP67 rating signifying the fact that it is
water and dust resistant. The models also have a new home button which is now
touch sensitive and uses a new Taptic engine for better response. Besides
featuring stereo speakers with a high dynamic range the new handsets, the
handsets as rumoured before, have ditched the 3.5mm headphone jack and replaced
it with the Lightning port-based connectors. The iPhone 7 features a 4.7-inch
Retina HD display while the iPhone 7 Plus comes with a 5.5-inch Retina HD
display. The camera segment is governed by a new 12MP rear camera with a better
f/1.8 aperture, 6 Element lens, 4 flash LEDs, flicker sensor and more for a
better photography experience. The camera also makes use of an Image signal
processor to apply machine learning to distinguish between a human and an object
in the image and adjust its brightness, noise and more.It is worth noting that
while the iPhone 7 features a single 12MP rear camera, the larger screen variant
comes with two 12MP rear camera with 2x optical zooming capability upto 56mm.
Both sport a 7MP FaceTime camera for selfies and video chats. Talking about the
performance, the two iPhone 7 handsets are powered by the new quad-core Apple
A10 Fusion processor. The processor has two high performance cores and two high
efficiency cores for a longer battery life. It also has a new 6-core GPU which
is 50% faster than the Apple A9 processor. Apple also launched the Apple Watch 2
with new features and design.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             564 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

After all the rumors, the big question: Has iPhone scored?

BYLINE: Liu Zheng in San Francisco

LENGTH: 928  words


After listening to months of rumors, finally the climax: a mega product launch
event which once again caught the media spotlight for Apple Inc in September.

Mega product launch, guaranteed media spotlight, but Apple's magic under
scrutiny

After listening to months of rumors, finally the climax: a mega product launch
event which once again caught the media spotlight for Apple Inc in September.

Moving on from initially being cheered up without a second's thought about the
new features of the latest generation of iPhones, which are equipped with dual
rear cameras and dust and water resistance features, a series of questions
popped up: does the design look familiar? Is Apple just following the trends
being set by the Huawei P9 and Samsung S7, rather than being innovative as it is
used to be?

I found the answer during my chats with online subscribers, who stayed up too
late to follow Apple's new business move on a live-streaming platform.

Some of them are independent IT critics who specialize in smartphone
photography. Some, who asked to be anonymous, said that the technologies and
algorithms behind the iPhone 7 Plus and Huawei P9 are different as the latter
provides a dual camera with one capturing monochrome and the other providing
color photos.

The dual camera system of the iPhone 7 Plus allows the two cameras to shoot as
one, for a high resolution optical zoom at two times.

"The new iPhone carries out the design theory of Apple, which is being simple,
fashion and user friendly," said James Yan, research director at Counterpoint
Technology Market Research.

Yan said there was no big surprises for the new iPhones, as the rumors prior to
the launch seemed to have disclosed most of the details. But he believes that
the products "will do well" in the first five months in China, and afterward,
the market performance will rely on whether its domestic competitors follow its
footsteps and launch products with similar technologies.

Meanwhile, the most regrettable thing for me this year is Augmented Reality
(AR).

As AR hardware manufacturing and investment has witnessed rapid growth from last
year in China - and Pokemon Go, the location-based AR game, became a global hit
- the market had been expecting to see Apple spread its wings.

Rumors linked to Apple's future VR strategy appeared online and drew the
industry's attention as CEO Tim Cook commented on the technology publicly, which
was interpreted as a sign Apple was about to extend into the AR sector.

But the "One More Thing" part of the event, described as the company's
traditional disclosure of a trend or innovative ideas that will be implemented
in its products, was not shown in the end.

People tend to think that Apple won't disclose any details until it's fully
ready to do so.

liuzheng@chinadaily.com.cnSound bites

Sound bites

"Generally speaking, I am kind of disappointed with the iPhone 7 series. The new
series is not as innovative as I thought previously. Before the event, I really
look forward to the news that Apple may ditch the home button. But now Apple is
still keeping it. And since my iPhone 6s can meet my need for taking selfies, I
won't buy the new iPhone 7 or 7 plus. I would only buy one if I made a fortune."

Liu Yujing, 20, junior at North China University of Technology

"I have used the iPhone for around 7 years. Compared to other mobile phones,
iPhone is the best. So I always want to try Apple's new products. Seeing the
event, I really want to buy an iPhone 7 plus. Now I have a 64GB iPhone 6, and I
always need to delete stuff for new photos of my kid or news conferences. So I
really need a new one with enough space. And since the iPhone 7 plus packs dual
cameras, I will choose that instead of the iPhone 7." Gao Suying, 39, chief
editor at Bei-jing-based China Business Journal

"Compared with last year's iPhone 6s, I feel the new iPhone 7 series does not
bring any big change. Of course, there are some bright spots, such as the
waterproof feature and the final launch of the Super Mario Run for iPhone. For
me, the best part of the new series is the A-10 processor. Due to my Sony Xperia
Z3's small internal storage, I might consider buying an iPhone 6 plus or iPhone
6s. As you know, there definitely will be a price reduction on them."

Zhen Xiang, 26, staff member at Yiai Lake Park Administration in Huanggang,
Hubei province

"In design, the iPhone 7 series has not done enough on the innovation front. The
worst thing is the removal of the 3.55mm headphone jack, which will cause
inconvenience for users. Now users need to buy an extra convert-er for
headphones. What's more, consumers have to pay more money for more storage
space. So I certain-ly would not buy a new iPhone, Actually I have more fondness
for my own Huawei Honor 6 plus, which came out with dual cameras two years ago.
And the price is much better."

Zhu Yi, project manager at Research & Development Center (Jiaxing, Zhejiang
province) at Minth Group Ltd, a leading supplier of exterior auto parts

Apple CEO Tim Cook shows an iPhone 7 to performer Maddie Ziegler during an event
to announce new products on Wednesday in San Francisco. Provided To China Daily

(China Daily 09/09/2016 page16)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/61/147355556750.jpg

eca86bda350e193c5baf01.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/18/147355556845.jpg

eca86bda350e193c5bc303.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/24/147355556940.jpg

eca86bda350e193c5bc906.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/63/147355557028.jpg

eca86bda350e193c5bcf0a.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/14/147355557124.jpg

eca86bda350e193c5b9800.jpg

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             565 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                      August 29, 2016 Monday 09:40 AM EST

iPhone 6s owners won't care if the iPhone 7 is faster

BYLINE: Steven Max Patterson

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 644  words


Click for image

iPhone 6s users won't care that the iPhone 7 will be much faster. Its A10 SoC
that will power the iPhone 7 will be much faster based on projecting the
Geekbench3 benchmarks of the A10's predecessors by Primate Labs. On average, the
A10 could be 50% faster than the A9. But for most apps, iPhone 6s users won't
perceive the speed.

Benchmarks don't matter, Visual Reaction Time does

Benchmarks like the one run by Primate Labs below are useful for comparing
processors but not application performance. Benchmarks do not account for the
user's interaction with the device. The A10 performance projections were made
based on the average incremental performance improvement of A6 through A9.

How Visual Response Time was measured

YouTube game reviewer Mad Matt TV posted two videos showing speed comparisons
between the iPhone 6 Plus and the iPhone 6s Plus: one that compared the
execution time of various apps, and the other that showed the time for the
fingerprint reader Touch-Id to unlock both devices. There's no question that in
most tests the 6s Plus won, but except for a few apps, users won't perceive the
difference.

The chart at the top of the story compares the difference in load times of the
apps on the iPhone 6s Plus to its predecessor the 6 Plus. The comparison of the
performance of the iPhone 6 and 6s can be expected to be very close. The
difference is measured by comparing the completion times of the app load times
in the videos measured in hundredths of seconds. To give the response times
context , the red line represents the mean visual reaction time (331
milliseconds, or about one-third of a second; 331 milliseconds was cited as the
mean visual reaction time in a paper titled Comparison between Auditory and
Visual Simple Reaction Times in Neuroscience & Medicine.) Visual reaction time
is the time to perceive a visual stimulus and react, which researchers generally
peg at 300 to 500 milliseconds. If you want to explore this idea further, you
can test your visual reaction time on this website.

The performance differences in three apps were below the visual reaction time,
and two more were near the visual reaction time. Only three apps, Apple App
Store, Apple Maps and Angry Birds ran perceptively faster.

With a few exceptions such as high-end games, app developers don't build apps to
take advantage of the fastest, newest phones. Quite the contrary, they optimize
apps to run well on most phones shipped during the last two years. A recent
visit to Facebook's automated mobile testing lab showed how Facebook monitors
and tests new software releases to make sure that performance doesn't become
sluggish or battery draining.

+ ALSO ON NETWORK WORLD iPhone 7 rumored to feature fast-charging capability +

There is too much competition among app developers to let app performance drift
because users will uninstall the offending app and install a better performing
one like it. In most cases, the speed and performance differences between the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s are barely perceptible. The performance of the iPhone 7
compared to the iPhone 6s will probably be the same, meaning iPhone 6s users
will need other incentives than performance to upgrade.

Apple will need to offer other incentives to motivate iPhone 6s users to upgrade

The iPhone 7, like its predecessors, will be beautifully designed. The new
design and probably a new color will show that a user has bought the newest most
fashionable iPhone. Buying an iPhone 7 is a waste of money for iPhone 6s users
unless they have opted into the one-year upgrade plan when they bought the
iPhone 6s.

On Sept. 7, Apple will tout the A10's feature size shrink to 14-nm, faster clock
rate, and benchmarks, not the barely imperceptible app performance compared to
its predecessor. Apple isn't growing the number of users of its phones, so it
has to convince them to upgrade.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             566 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                              June 26, 2016 Sunday

iPhone 7 might have a huge camera

LENGTH: 183  words


New screenshots suggest a large camera

While news of the iPhone 7 keeps making rounds over the Internet, one rumor that
has been constant is the larger camera for the next iPhone. Also, with September
creeping closer, you can expect a lot more of iPhone 7 rumors.

New leaks of the iPhone 7's camera module show a much larger CMOS sensor for a
new camera, which also hints that the camera is let in a lot of light, thus
performing better in low light. The leaked image for the 4.7inch iPhone 7 shows
a much different camera that the iPhone 7 Plus. This 5.5 inch variant is rumored
to come with a dual lens camera, which also hints at a larger iPhone.

However, since these are just leaks, we still dont know if they are genuine just
yet. However, since they tie in with earlier rumors and come from reliable
sources, they can be believed. Additionally, from what we heard last, the iPhone
7 and Plus, will come with the 3.5mm headphone jack. There are also rumors that
there are three iPhone models this year, which is set to replace the iPhone 6
and maybe even a dual SIM slot. Only time will tell.

Source

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             567 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

After all the rumors, the big question: Has iPhone scored?

BYLINE: Liu Zheng in San Francisco

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 796 words


Mega product launch, guaranteed media spotlight, but Apple's magic under
scrutiny

After listening to months of rumors, finally the climax: a mega product launch
event which once again caught the media spotlight for Apple Inc in September.

Moving on from initially being cheered up without a second's thought about the
new features of the latest generation of iPhones, which are equipped with dual
rear cameras and dust and water resistance features, a series of questions
popped up: does the design look familiar? Is Apple just following the trends
being set by the Huawei P9 and Samsung S7, rather than being innovative as it is
used to be?

I found the answer during my chats with online subscribers, who stayed up too
late to follow Apple's new business move on a live-streaming platform.

Some of them are independent IT critics who specialize in smartphone
photography. Some, who asked to be anonymous, said that the technologies and
algorithms behind the iPhone 7 Plus and Huawei P9 are different as the latter
provides a dual camera with one capturing monochrome and the other providing
color photos.

The dual camera system of the iPhone 7 Plus allows the two cameras to shoot as
one, for a high resolution optical zoom at two times.

"The new iPhone carries out the design theory of Apple, which is being simple,
fashion and user friendly," said James Yan, research director at Counterpoint
Technology Market Research.

Yan said there was no big surprises for the new iPhones, as the rumors prior to
the launch seemed to have disclosed most of the details. But he believes that
the products "will do well" in the first five months in China, and afterward,
the market performance will rely on whether its domestic competitors follow its
footsteps and launch products with similar technologies.

Meanwhile, the most regrettable thing for me this year is Augmented Reality
(AR).

As AR hardware manufacturing and investment has witnessed rapid growth from last
year in China and Pokemon Go, the location-based AR game, became a global hit
the market had been expecting to see Apple spread its wings.

Rumors linked to Apple's future VR strategy appeared online and drew the
industry's attention as CEO Tim Cook commented on the technology publicly, which
was interpreted as a sign Apple was about to extend into the AR sector.

But the "One More Thing" part of the event, described as the company's
traditional disclosure of a trend or innovative ideas that will be implemented
in its products, was not shown in the end.

People tend to think that Apple won't disclose any details until it's fully
ready to do so.

Sound bites

"Generally speaking, I am kind of disappointed with the iPhone 7 series. The new
series is not as innovative as I thought previously. Before the event, I really
look forward to the news that Apple may ditch the home button. But now Apple is
still keeping it. And since my iPhone 6s can meet my need for taking selfies, I
won't buy the new iPhone 7 or 7 plus. I would only buy one if I made a fortune."

Liu Yujing, 20, junior at North China University of Technology

"I have used the iPhone for around 7 years. Compared to other mobile phones,
iPhone is the best. So I always want to try Apple's new products. Seeing the
event, I really want to buy an iPhone 7 plus. Now I have a 64GB iPhone 6, and I
always need to delete stuff for new photos of my kid or news conferences. So I
really need a new one with enough space. And since the iPhone 7 plus packs dual
cameras, I will choose that instead of the iPhone 7."

Gao Suying, 39, chief editor at Bei-jing-based China Business Journal

"Compared with last year's iPhone 6s, I feel the new iPhone 7 series does not
bring any big change. Of course, there are some bright spots, such as the
waterproof feature and the final launch of the Super Mario Run for iPhone. For
me, the best part of the new series is the A-10 processor. Due to my Sony Xperia
Z3's small internal storage, I might consider buying an iPhone 6 plus or iPhone
6s. As you know, there definitely will be a price reduction on them."

Zhen Xiang, 26, staff member at Yiai Lake Park Administration in Huanggang,
Hubei province

"In design, the iPhone 7 series has not done enough on the innovation front. The
worst thing is the removal of the 3.55mm headphone jack, which will cause
inconvenience for users. Now users need to buy an extra convert-er for
headphones. What's more, consumers have to pay more money for more storage
space. So I certain-ly would not buy a new iPhone, Actually I have more fondness
for my own Huawei Honor 6 plus, which came out with dual cameras two years ago.
And the price is much better."

Zhu Yi, project manager at Research & Development Center (Jiaxing, Zhejiang
province) at Minth Group Ltd, a leading supplier of exterior auto parts

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                             568 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          manchestereveningnews.co.uk

                      October 3, 2016 Monday 11:45 AM GMT

iPhone 7 review;
Apple's new iPhone is better that its predecessor in every way - and even the
lack of a headphone jack can't change that...

BYLINE: By Justin Connolly

LENGTH: 827 words


LET'S hit this one head on - the newiPhone 7has no audio jack, and lots of
people have made a lot of noise about how angry they are about it.

So, for the hard of understanding let me spell it out simply - any headphones
you have been using with a previous generation iPhone can be used with the
iPhone 7. Any of them. Any at all.

If you have wireless Bluetooth headphones, they will work with the iPhone 7.

If you have a set of headphones with a standard 3.5mm jack, you can still use
them - Apple provides an adapter (yes, in the box with every new iPhone 7, and
at no extra cost) so you can plug it into the iPhone's lightning port.

And even if you don't have any headphones at all, you are covered - there's a
set of (admittedly not very good) headphones with a lightning jack in the box
(yes, at no extra cost).

So, let's be clear about this, you can use ANY headphones you already have that
worked with any other smartphone with the iPhone 7, without spending a single
penny more.

The only slight drawback to the new iPhone 7 set-up is that you cannot plug in a
charger and a pair of headphones at the same time without using an iPhone dock,
or one of the third-party adapters springing up. When I say slight, I mean
slight.

So, now we've cleared that one up, what is the phone actually like...

The new colours for iPhone this year are black and black. Or rather, matte black
and shiny black (above left).

Both are stunning in the hand, with the matte version my favourite.

The shiny one - Apple calls it jet black - is a little bling for my tastes.

It looks as if it might be a little slippery, too, but actually the opposite is
true - although it is rather more prone to scratching than the other iPhone
colours, so don't expect it to stay pristine for long (and you can, of course,
still get silver, gold, and rose gold iPhones).

The speakers in the iPhone 7 are much-improved, and the phone is a lot louder
that its predecessors.

As well as producing sound from the bottom speaker when watching video or
listening to music, the iPhone 7 also has a speaker at the top of the device,
where the earpiece is next to the front-facing camera - so you get a more
clearly defined stereo effect.

It's not going to replace your hi-fi, but it's as loud and as good as many
Bluetooth speakers.

It is still, more than a week after I started testing the iPhone 7 Plus, weird
that the home button is not a real button.

It's a solid state circle that gives haptic feedback when pressure is applied to
it. It works well - but it does not feel like you are pressing a button.

It suggests that enough, though, for you to allow yourself to be fooled
(although it doesn't work as well when the phone is resting on a table, making
it quite hard to tell if you have pressed at all, and it won't work at all if
you gave gloves on).

The different behaviour of the home button in iOS 10 makes the experience of
unlocking the phone doubly different and not a little confusing at first.

There is no 'slide to unlock' - the phone now comes on automatically when you
pick it up, and you press the home button to unlock (it reads your fingerprint
if you use Touch ID, or the passcode entry screen pops up if you don't). It
takes some getting used to, but I'm finally there.

The cameras on the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are the best cameras you can get on a
smartphone.

The images they produce are stunning, and although they do not produce photos to
rival proper cameras with big sensors, there is now no need to buy a point and
shoot camera if you have one of these.

I'm less sold on the dual-lens system in the 7 Plus - which sports a normal
wide-angle lens and a telephoto lens.

The x2 magnification it provides isn't powerful enough to make owners of the
smaller iPhone 7 too jealous. And the x10 digital zoom is unusable.

My advice would be to zoom with your feet.

Well, the screen is brighter and better, with a wider colour range, and the
thing is a whole lot faster, as well as being water and dust resistant.

The battery life is better, too. In my testing, using the 7 Plus a lot more than
I usually would have, I've barely hit 50% of battery left at the end of the day.

You can get hold of an iPhone 7 usingApple's new upgrade programme, too. This
allows you to sign a two-year contract with Apple for a new phone (it's unlocked
so you can get your sim-only mobile service wherever you like), and pay for it
in monthly installments interest free. And after 11 months you can hand it back
to Apple and upgrade to the newest model. It's a bit like renting the phone, as
you just trade it in and sign a new two-year contract. If you opt not to
upgrade, and pay for the full two years, the phone is yours.

Is the iPhone 7 worth upgrading to? Of course it is. Everything is better than
the previous generation, and all the things we all do with our mobiles these
days can be done more quickly, and with better quality.

It might look a lot like an iPhone 6 S, but it's enough of a step up for me to
say - go for it.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGMWNGMANC


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             569 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       August 29, 2016 Monday 6:51 PM GMT

iPhone 7 launch date CONFIRMED - Apple to unveil its new smartphone next week;
Apple appears to have confirmed the launch date of its long-awaited iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 483 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event next week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name "
iPhone 7", as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured bubbles, which may relate to
the rumour that Apple is planning to introduce new coloured handsets.

However, these bubbles could also be water droplets - which would be relevant if
Apple was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket.

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones.

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that it the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button, but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof. Smartphone rivals
like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling point
for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Earlier rumours suggested that the new handset will no longer come in a 16GB
model - but that the top-of-the-range iPhone will now offer 256GB of storage.

It's also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your phone will
get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7, suggesting Apple may be considering different colour options.

We'll be following all the build-up to the iPhone 7 launch, and the event itself
on Mirror Online, so stay tuned.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             570 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 29, 2016 Monday 6:51 PM GMT

iPhone 7 launch date CONFIRMED - Apple to unveil its new smartphone next week;
Apple appears to have confirmed the launch date of its long-awaited iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 483 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event next week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name "
iPhone 7", as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured bubbles, which may relate to
the rumour that Apple is planning to introduce new coloured handsets.

However, these bubbles could also be water droplets - which would be relevant if
Apple was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket.

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones.

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that it the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button, but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof. Smartphone rivals
like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling point
for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Earlier rumours suggested that the new handset will no longer come in a 16GB
model - but that the top-of-the-range iPhone will now offer 256GB of storage.

It's also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your phone will
get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7, suggesting Apple may be considering different colour options.

We'll be following all the build-up to the iPhone 7 launch, and the event itself
on Mirror Online, so stay tuned.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             571 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             July 21, 2016 Thursday

Supplier hopes rest on iPhone 7

BYLINE: Fan Feifei

LENGTH: 583  words


Apple Inc's expected September launch of its iPhone 7 series is still more than
a month away, but the tech market is abuzz with talk of whether that would help
bail out Apple's suppliers of parts and components.

An employee works at a Foxconn Technology Group factory in Wuhan, Hubei
province. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple Inc's expected September launch of its iPhone 7 series is still more than
a month away, but the tech market is abuzz with talk of whether that would help
bail out Apple's suppliers of parts and components.

The latter have been on a rough ride ever since the global tech giant announced
a sharp drop in its January-March revenue, or its fiscal 2016 Q2 earnings.

Suppliers in Taiwan province may be in recession for the first time this year,
affected by Apple's flagging performance and falling demand for smartphones
globally.

But market research firm International Data Corp is bullish on the iPhone 7
series. It said Apple's suppliers will likely benefit from them.

But Jason Low, tech industry expert at Canalys, is not so sure. "As the iPhone 7
has not yet been released, we don't know whether Apple has made some
revolutionary changes in design and added new functions. So we couldn't decide
whether it could boost sales and have a more positive impact on its suppliers."

There are positive signs though. The Economic Daily News reported that Apple has
started mass production of the iPhone 7, and some companies were hiring staff as
they prepared to assemble the newest model.

The United Daily News reported that Apple has asked its suppliers to produce 72
million to 78 million iPhone 7 units by the end of this year.

The figure marks the highest yield target in the past two years, and far
surpasses the predictions of Wall Street analysts, reflecting Apple's confidence
that sales of its new model will beat expectations.

The United Daily News report said Apple's chief manufacturing partner Foxconn
Technology Group, also known as Hon Hai Precision Industry Co, has obtained
major assembly orders for the iPhone 7.

That's not all. Pegatron Corp, another Apple supplier, apparently received some
orders. Apple has not offered any comment or confirmation so far in this regard.

Yet, tech markets expect the iPhone 7 smartphone and the iPhone 7 Plus phablet
to sport new designs and new features. Unconfirmed market talk is one of the
highlights of the iPhone 7 series will be a dual-lens rear camera.

James Yan, a Beijing-based analyst at Counterpoint Technology Market Research,
estimates the upcoming iPhone 7 series should be better than iPhone 6S,
considering its reported higher-level configuration.

That may not help revive Apple's declining smartphone fortunes. Its global
market share dropped to 15.3 percent in the January-March quarter as growth in
smartphone sales worldwide stayed nearly flat, according to IDC.

Sales of its latest flagship iPhone 6S and 6S Plus failed to reach the levels of
their predecessors. Some 51.2 million units were sold during the first three
months of this year, lower than 61.2 million units in the same quarter of 2015.
Apple had an 18.3 percent market share then.

However, IDC estimates shipments from the global smartphone assembly firms are
expected to increase slightly in the April-June quarter, compared with the
previous quarter.

In the smartphone assembly industry globally, Samsung Electronics Co Ltd tops
the list of shipments, followed by Hon Hai and Pegatron.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/32/146906472677.jpg

b083fe955aa118fa57101b.jpg

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             572 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                          September 10, 2016 Saturday

Oops, Apple iPhone 7's slogan has a naughty meaning in Hong Kong

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 331 words


NEW DELHI: Apple is almost as well-known for its product marketing campaigns as
it is for its iPhones, and the company's product marketing (e.g. videos,
branding) is generally among the best out there. However, everyone can make
mistakes and Apple just made quite an amusing one.The company recently launched
its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus smartphones at its keynote event, held at the
Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco, California. The company has
chosen a rather straightforward sounding slogan - This is 7, for its new
smartphones.

As it turns out, it's not that straightforward when translated to
Cantonese.China is among the Cupertino-based tech company's biggest markets and
Apple products are hugely popular there. But the company's 'This is 7' slogan
translates to something rather 'naughty' in Cantonese, the dominant dialect of
Chinese spoken in Hong Kong, a Special Administrative Region (SAR) of China.In
Cantonese, 'seven' is pronounced as tsat, which is also slang for the male
genitalia. So the literal translation of the iPhone 7's slogan turns out to be
'This is Penis'. Not exactly the kind of marketing we think Apple was aiming
for.Apple is yet to take a corrective action (that is, if it feels that an
action is necessary) but it seems that people in Hong Kong are enjoying this. As
per a report in Quartz website, a Hong Konger, who is seemingly not happy with
iPhone's new design, commented in a Facebook post about the Chinese translations
of the phone's new slogan that already has 39,000 reactions.Apple recently
launched its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus smartphones. In terms of specifications,
the iPhone 7 features a 4.7-inch display with 3D touch, whereas the iPhone 7
Plus has a 5.5-inch Retina HD display (again, with 3D Touch). Both smartphones
are powered by a new quad-core Apple A10 Fusion processor, which the company
claims is 40% faster than the A9 chipset that powers Apple iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             573 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

Rumoured iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus specifications leaked online

BYLINE: dna Web Team

LENGTH: 241  words


Apple's September 7 event is drawing closer and judging by the secret message
inside its invitation, the company will probably use this opportunity to launch
the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Recently, a few alleged specifications of the smartphones has been leaked online
and it looks very similar to the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

Alleged specifications of the iPhone 7

According to a report from techtastic, the Phone 7 will sport a 4.7-inch screen
with its branded "Retina HD Display" -- 7501334pixel resolution -- and 2GB
LPDDR4 RAM. Both of which are on to the iPhone 6s. It will be powered by a
beefier A10+M10 Processor and a larger 1960mAh battery.

It is also reportedly packing a 12-megapixel camera with 1/2.6-inch sensor,
F/1.9 and 1:3 microns pixels.

Alleged specifications of the iPhone 7 Plus

On the other hand, the iPhone 7 Plus features a 5.5-inch with a 1080x1920
resolution, identical to the iPhone 6s Plus. Powered by an upgraded A10+M10
processor, the smartphone also has 3GB of RAM which is an extra GB compared to
the iPhone 6s.

The smartphone is reported coming with a 2910mAh battery, an upgrade from the
2750mAh on the previous iteration.

The device is supposedly equipped with two 12 megapixel cameras with a 1/3-inch
sensor and F/1.9.

Whether these reported specifications are accurate is anyone's guess as of now.
We will know more at Apple's September 7th event which we will be covering live,
right here on dnaindia.com and on Twitter (@dna).

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             574 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

ROTTEN APPLE Listen, Bud, you're screwed on 'AirPods'

BYLINE: BY MEG WAGNER NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 609 words


APPLE DOESN'T know jack about headphones.

With the introduction of its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus - which start at
$649 and $769 respectively - Apple is phasing out the 3.5-mm. headphone port
standard on virtually every other smartphone.

Instead, the tech giant is urging its famously loyal customers to pony up for a
pair of plastic-fantastic "AirPods" that wirelessly connect to the new phones -
for a cool $159 a pop.

The move is nothing less than a profile in courage, to hear it from a top Apple
exec.

"Courage," Phil Schiller, the company's senior vice president, said at a
much-hyped Wednesday unveiling, "the courage to move on to do something new that
betters all of us."

Apple will begin taking preorders for the latest version of its wildly popular
iPhone on Friday, with the first devices shipping on Sept. 16.

For those who don't want to fork over the extra scratch for the AirPods, the new
iPhones will be boxed with earbuds that plug not into a 3.5-mm. hole, but the
devices' "Lightning" ports. You'll also be able to plug your old earbuds into
the new phones with the use of an adapter known by the not-so-elegant name of
"dongle."

Fans have already started to give Apple an earful about the new gear. Twitter
was full of remarks saying the AirPods are the perfect accessory to lose on the
subway, among other problems.

As far as new features go, the larger iPhone 7 Plus packs three cameras - dual
wide-angle and telephoto lenses on the back and a selfie camera on the front -
while the iPhone 7 maintains the standard of two cameras.

The new line comes in five finishes, including Apple's usual gold, silver and
rose gold colors. The company replaced its charcoal-like "space gray" with a new
deep matte shade simply called black. Apple also rolled out a glossy "jet black"
finish - the first shiny iPhone since its glass-back iPhone 4S and its
candy-colored plastic iPhone 5c.

Both of the latest versions of the iPhone also have a storage boost. Their
memory capacity starts at 32 gigabytes, while previous generations offered a
16-GB option. The biggest phone will hold 256 GB, twice the maximum storage of
older models.

Apple also unveiled a water-resistant version of its Apple Watch on Wednesday.

The $369 Apple Watch Series 2 is water-resistant up to 150 feet. The previous
generation of the device was merely splash-proof.

The new model also features a faster processor and a built-in GPS system,
replacing the old watch's work-around way of using the GPS system of the iPhone
it's paired with. The new technology means users can navigate running, biking
and hiking trails without lugging their phones with them.

Series 2 comes in aluminum, stainless steel and white ceramic finishes and can
be paired with any Apple Watch band. A special model designed with Nike, the
Apple Watch Nike Plus, features a breathable band and a lightweight aluminum
body.

The original Apple Watch - which now features a snappier processor and is
rebranded as the Series 1 - will cost $269.

mwagner@nydailynews.com

Sidebar:

WHAT THEY COST

iPhone 7: Starts at $649

iPhone 7 Plus: Starts at $769

Apple Watch Series 2: $369

AirPod headphones: $159

WHAT YOU GET

iPhone 7: More storage, a new home button, improved mobile payment service, new
colors.

iPhone 7 Plus: All that, along with three cameras.

Apple Watch Series 2: Water resistance, faster processor than original model,
own GPS, new looks.

AirPods: No wires, but worries about getting lost.

WHY PEOPLE

WANT 'EM

iPhone 7: Keeping up with the Joneses, of course.

iPhone 7 Plus: Ability to snap high-res, wide-angle pix.

Apple Watch Series 2: You don't have to lug iPhone to get GPS.

AirPods: They love looking for small lost items.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple honcho Phil Schiller, touting pricey AirPods (left) and upgrade
to watch (below), said moves required "courage." AP; REUTERS; EPA

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Daily News, L.P.


                             575 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 5, 2016 Monday 11:17 PM GMT

iPhone 7 could be WATERPROOF, new report claims ahead of big Apple launch this
week;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 today and there's already been a huge
amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 634 words


The internet is awash with speculation that Apple's next mobile handset, thought
to be called the iPhone 7, will be WATERPROOF.

If true it could herald an end to the misery that results from dropping your
iPhone down the toilet, plonking it into your pint glass, or forgetting to take
it out of your pocket before diving into the swimming pool.

It would also bring the mobile phone handset in line with competitors like the
Samsung Galaxy S7 - which can be fully submerged underwater for 30 minutes at a
time.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone

Apple hasn't previously advertised water-resistance on any of its iPhones -
which, while they can endure the odd splash, are rendered next to defunct with
any water submersion.

Passionate Apple users will find out for sure when a press conference organised
by the manufacturer is held tonight..

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

However, well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities issued a detailed
research note over the weekend, in which he stated that the new iPhone will
indeed be water resistant.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 It will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for
up to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch
.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

This will bring it almost into line with Samsung Galaxy S7, which has a rating
of IP68, meaning the device is completely protected against dust, and it is
water-resistant in up to 1.5 metres of water for up to 30 minutes.

This is not the first leak to suggest the iPhone 7 will be resistant against
water.

The invitation to Apple's event on September 7 contains images blurry coloured
circles, which some believe to be water droplets - leading to speculation of a
water-based announcement.

Meanwhile, a report in the China-based Commercial Times earlier this year claims
the manufacturer had been working on a new "compound material" that repels
water.

It will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of plastic that run
across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow mobile signals to
reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

For all the latest rumours, check out our full round-up here .

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             576 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 5, 2016 Monday 11:17 PM GMT

iPhone 7 could be WATERPROOF, new report claims ahead of big Apple launch this
week;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 today and there's already been a huge
amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 634 words


The internet is awash with speculation that Apple's next mobile handset, thought
to be called the iPhone 7, will be WATERPROOF.

If true it could herald an end to the misery that results from dropping your
iPhone down the toilet, plonking it into your pint glass, or forgetting to take
it out of your pocket before diving into the swimming pool.

It would also bring the mobile phone handset in line with competitors like the
Samsung Galaxy S7 - which can be fully submerged underwater for 30 minutes at a
time.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone

Apple hasn't previously advertised water-resistance on any of its iPhones -
which, while they can endure the odd splash, are rendered next to defunct with
any water submersion.

Passionate Apple users will find out for sure when a press conference organised
by the manufacturer is held tonight..

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

However, well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities issued a detailed
research note over the weekend, in which he stated that the new iPhone will
indeed be water resistant.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 It will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for
up to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch
.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

This will bring it almost into line with Samsung Galaxy S7, which has a rating
of IP68, meaning the device is completely protected against dust, and it is
water-resistant in up to 1.5 metres of water for up to 30 minutes.

This is not the first leak to suggest the iPhone 7 will be resistant against
water.

The invitation to Apple's event on September 7 contains images blurry coloured
circles, which some believe to be water droplets - leading to speculation of a
water-based announcement.

Meanwhile, a report in the China-based Commercial Times earlier this year claims
the manufacturer had been working on a new "compound material" that repels
water.

It will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of plastic that run
across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow mobile signals to
reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

For all the latest rumours, check out our full round-up here .

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             577 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                       June 26, 2016 Sunday 03:17 PM EST

iPhone 7 Rumor Rollup: 10th anniversary is when the iPhone fun will really start

BYLINE: Bob Brown

SECTION: NEWSANALYSIS

LENGTH: 458  words


Click for image

Much of this past week in iPhone 7 rumorville was occupied with rehashing and
debunking a lot of the most popular scuttlebutt (dual cameras, no more 3.5mm
headphone jack, etc.) about Apple's next flagship smartphone, which is expected
to debut in September.

Plenty continues to be said as well about how boring the new iPhones promise to
be (though Apple will need to try really hard to make it duller than its recent
Worldwide Developers Conference bounty). Macworld's Macalope column rips into
those who don't have faith in Apple to do the right thing, including a writer
for The Verge who urges Apple shoppers to have "Have some dignity" over buying
what Apple is reportedly selling this time around.

"If there is anything that more represents dignity than a headphone jack then
the Macalope hasn't heard of it," The Macalope quips, referring to the outrage
over Apple possibly ditching the traditional. 3.5mm headphone jack in iPhone 7.

MORE:14 fascinating facts about Apple's iPhone

One point that has increasingly begun to get mentioned is that Apple is going to
hold off on the really good stuff until next year, when the iPhone turns 10.

"Next year marks the tenth anniversary of the original iPhone. There's no
question Apple was going to save its big new launch for 2017, and according to
rumors it's indeed going to be big," writes Yahoo Tech.

Cranking out iPhone 7s

While we might need to wait until next year for the really exciting new iPhone
features (curved screen, etc.), rumor has it that Apple has already begun
cranking up production of the iPhone 7.

Super-leaker OnLeaks tweeted out that "Mass production of 4.7" #iphone7 has
slowly started at Pegatron factory..." and various sites, such as Phones Review,
ran with that. FoxConn is perhaps the better known Apple manufacturer of iPhones
.

There's no turning back now, and leaked images of iPhone 7 could be coming
faster and more furiously now.

Touchy subject: iPhone 7 home button

New leaks surfacing on the Mobipicker website supposedly show the front of an
iPhone 7 and point to the traditional home button being replaced by a
touch-sensitive pad built right into the display.

"Sources say the new 'button' will be flush with the body of the smartphone,
instead of protruding from the bottom bezel, and users will have to perform
tapping actions to activate specific functions," according to the UK Daily Mail.

Forbes contributor Gordon Kelly mentions that "learning new combinations could
prove problematic," but that getting rid of a moving part should enhance the
iPhone's durability.

And if Apple really is going to stretch out the time between when it releases
major iPhone upgrades, customers might start weighing durability higher than
style in the years ahead.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             578 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 5, 2016 Monday 11:17 PM GMT

iPhone 7 could be WATERPROOF, new report claims ahead of big Apple launch this
week;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 on Wednesday and there's already a huge
amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 636 words


The internet is awash with speculation that Apple's next mobile handset, thought
to be called the iPhone 7, will be WATERPROOF.

If true it could herald an end to the misery that results from dropping your
iPhone down the toilet, plonking it into your pint glass, or forgetting to take
it out of your pocket before diving into the swimming pool.

It would also bring the mobile phone handset in line with competitors like the
Samsung Galaxy S7 - which can be fully submerged underwater for 30 minutes at a
time.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone

Apple hasn't previously advertised water-resistance on any of its iPhones -
which, while they can endure the odd splash, are rendered next to defunct with
any water submersion.

Passionate Apple users will find out for sure when a press conference organised
by the manufacturer is held on Wednesday evening.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

However, well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities issued a detailed
research note over the weekend, in which he stated that the new iPhone will
indeed be water resistant.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 It will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for
up to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch
.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

This will bring it almost into line with Samsung Galaxy S7, which has a rating
of IP68, meaning the device is completely protected against dust, and it is
water-resistant in up to 1.5 metres of water for up to 30 minutes.

This is not the first leak to suggest the iPhone 7 will be resistant against
water.

The invitation to Apple's event on September 7 contains images blurry coloured
circles, which some believe to be water droplets - leading to speculation of a
water-based announcement.

Meanwhile, a report in the China-based Commercial Times earlier this year claims
the manufacturer had been working on a new "compound material" that repels
water.

It will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of plastic that run
across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow mobile signals to
reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

For all the latest rumours, check out our full round-up here .

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             579 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 5, 2016 Monday 11:17 PM GMT

iPhone 7 could be WATERPROOF, new report claims ahead of big Apple launch this
week;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 on Wednesday and there's already a huge
amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 636 words


The internet is awash with speculation that Apple's next mobile handset, thought
to be called the iPhone 7, will be WATERPROOF.

If true it could herald an end to the misery that results from dropping your
iPhone down the toilet, plonking it into your pint glass, or forgetting to take
it out of your pocket before diving into the swimming pool.

It would also bring the mobile phone handset in line with competitors like the
Samsung Galaxy S7 - which can be fully submerged underwater for 30 minutes at a
time.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone

Apple hasn't previously advertised water-resistance on any of its iPhones -
which, while they can endure the odd splash, are rendered next to defunct with
any water submersion.

Passionate Apple users will find out for sure when a press conference organised
by the manufacturer is held on Wednesday evening.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

However, well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities issued a detailed
research note over the weekend, in which he stated that the new iPhone will
indeed be water resistant.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 It will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for
up to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch
.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

This will bring it almost into line with Samsung Galaxy S7, which has a rating
of IP68, meaning the device is completely protected against dust, and it is
water-resistant in up to 1.5 metres of water for up to 30 minutes.

This is not the first leak to suggest the iPhone 7 will be resistant against
water.

The invitation to Apple's event on September 7 contains images blurry coloured
circles, which some believe to be water droplets - leading to speculation of a
water-based announcement.

Meanwhile, a report in the China-based Commercial Times earlier this year claims
the manufacturer had been working on a new "compound material" that repels
water.

It will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of plastic that run
across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow mobile signals to
reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

For all the latest rumours, check out our full round-up here .

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             580 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 6:25 PM GMT

Apple iPhone 7 unveiled early in Twitter blunder - with waterproof design;
Details on the brand new handset came before Tim Cook's presentation

BYLINE: Ben Travis

SECTION: TECH AND GAMING

LENGTH: 232 words


Apple fans hoping for the first glimpse of the iPhone 7 were asked to tune in to
the tech giant's live stream for official information.

But their Twitter account was ahead of the game - and unveiled the handset
before Apple head honcho Tim Cook was able to.

A now-deleted video on the official Apple Twitter account introduced the 'new
water-resistant iPhone 7'.

The clip included a shot of the handset being splashed by water.

Read more

iPhone 7: launch date, rumours, and what you need to know

The phone in the video seems to indicate the larger camera lens thatleaked in
recent images.

Water-resistance was a rumoured new feature of the iPhone 7, catching up with
recent Sony and Samsung models with a similar function.

As of writing, Tim Cook has not unveiled the new handset - but more details will
be forthcoming as the Apple presentation continues.

Apple iPhone 7 vs 7 Plus | SpecOut

Watch the evolution of the iPhone

Read more

iPhone 7: Apple set to unveil latest smartphone as host of new features expected

How to free up space on your iPhone without deleting your apps

iPhone bug allows hackers to steal passwords unless users update devices

Cook's update on the App Store revealed that a brand new Super Mario game from
Nintendo will be launching along with iOS 10, with Mario creator Shigeru
Miyamoto presenting footage of the new title.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2016 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             581 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Business Times Singapore

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Apple ditches earphone jack with iPhone 7;
Also new are S$238 AirPods wireless headphones which have a five-hour battery
life and a charging case

BYLINE: Christopher Lim , Apple ditches earphone jack with iPhone 7

SECTION: CONSUMER; Top Stories

LENGTH: 616 words


Singapore

APPLE cut its last remaining non-proprietary physical standard from its new
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, which was announced yesterday in San Francisco.

Gone is the 3.5mm headphone jack. Instead, the new EarPods that come with the
new models plug into Apple's proprietary Lightning port. A 3.5mm earphone jack
adapter comes free with the new phones.

Apple has also launched its first wireless headphones, the AirPods (S$238),
which have a five-hour battery life and come with a charging case.

The home button is still there but it no longer has any moving parts. Screen
size remains unchanged, as do physical dimensions, although both models are a
few grammes lighter than their predecessors. Storage memory now starts at 32GB,
and goes up to 256GB for the first time.

The iPhone 7 makes do with a single 12-megapixel rear camera with optical image
stabilisation, a new lens, flash and image processor. The iPhone 7 Plus adds an
additional 12-megapixel rear camera, which gives more zoom options. This is
Apple's first dual-camera product. Both models sport new 7-megapixel front
cameras.

A new main processor helps give the iPhone 7 Plus up to an hour more battery
life than the 6s Plus, while the iPhone 7 gains up to two hours of battery life
over the 6s.

Singtel, M1 and StarHub have all confirmed that they will start selling the new
iPhone models on Sept 16, and are now letting users register their interest
online. The new iPhone models will start at S$1,048 from Apple without a
contract.

Apple has also updated its smart watch. Most of the improvements in the Apple
Watch Series 2 are internal, and the regular models look very similar to the
ones that they replace, with the same 38mm and 42mm case sizes.

An exception is the new Apple Watch Nike+ model, which features special watch
bands, along with exclusive virtual watch faces and Siri voice commands.

Apple's collaboration with Hermes has also been updated with a new band design.
The Double Cuff in Swift and Epsom calfskin leathers will cost S$2,328. The
Single Tour style also gets a new Deployment Buckle option (S$2,188). Existing
Hermes band options will remain.

Gone though are the Yellow Gold and Rose Gold Apple Watch Edition models, the
most expensive of which cost S$25,500. A single ceramic model replaces them at
S$1,818.

Fitness buffs will welcome 50m of water resistance across all Apple Watch Series
2 models, along with built-in GPS, which will make the smart watch more useful
standalone.

The price of admission to the Apple Watch Series 2 will be S$548 for both 38mm
aluminium and stainless steel cases - S$30 more than the previous cheapest
Series 1 model. The Series 1 will continue to be sold, but with an entry price
of S$398 - a S$120 price drop.

Orders for all Apple Watch Series 2 models start now, with availability on Sept
16 with the exception of the Apple Watch Nike+, which will be available in late
October.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus launches come on the heels of Samsung's latest and
greatest, the Galaxy Note 7, which went on sale here last month.

"Apple's new products match, rather than exceed, the technological envelope
already created by competitors in the audio and mobile accessories markets,"
said IHS Technology senior analyst Paul Erickson.

Ian Fogg, IHS Technology's head of mobile analysis, said: "Apple needs the
iPhone 7 to be a major success because it is the main driver of growth for the
whole company."

"The iPhone drives acquisition for Apple's entire ecosystem, supports up-sell of
Apple Watch, Macs and iPads," Mr Fogg added. "The more iPhones Apple sells, the
larger the addressable audience for accessories such as Apple Watch Series 2."

Apple shares closed at US$108.36 on Wednesday.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Instead of the 3.5mm headphone jack, EarPods come with the iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus that plug into Apple's proprietary Lightning port.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             582 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                            September 9, 2016 Friday
                               Australian Edition

Apple takes bite from competitors' ideas, but phone is nothing to ring home
about

BYLINE: Chris Griffith San Francisco

SECTION: THENATION; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 408  words


The iPhone 7 is Apple's best iPhone yet, but would I go out of my way to buy it?
The phone's signature feature is the dumping of the standard audio port and its
replacement with a second speaker for stereo sound.

It's Apple's most controversial change, given that the 3.5mm connector has been
part of iPhone since i2007. Existing headsets are potentially redundant with the
port axed.

To save the day, Apple says it will ship iPhone 7/7 Plus with -special earpods
that plug into the remaining lightning connector. It also will ship a lightning
adaptor for existing earpods and headset with iPhone 7.

This will do the job, but again iPhone devotees are being asked to carry around
an awkward adapt-or if they want connectivity.

Absence of the 3.5mm socket means there is room in the phone for a second
speaker and stereo sound. Alternatively, you can use a Bluetooth headset, and
Apple has this option covered with headsets available from Beats Electronics,
which it bought in 2014.

Using Bluetooth can be a frustrating experience; sometimes headsets don't pair
or take a lot of fiddling to pair with a handset.

To overcome this, Apple has developed a "W1" chip that it says revolutionises
wireless connectivity, with it happening in a flash.

Of all the technology on display, the W1 chip is something that could
revolutionise Bluetooth connectivity and benefit us all. It's an innovation that
I felt was truly disruptive.

In other ways, iPhone 7 is a case of playing catch-up. Sure, it is
water-resistant and dustproof and capable of surviving rain.

But it's not as highly rated as this year's Samsung Galaxy S7 phones, which can
be used in water. There are reports that Apple's warranty doesn't cover -liquid
damage.

The fact that iPhone storage has been upgraded with 32GB, 128GB and 256GB
options again is compensation for Android offering 256GB extra storage.

Apple's upgrade to the camera on iPhone 7 brings the promise of better
lower-light photos with a wider-aperture lens. On iPhone 7 Plus you get two
lenses: a wide-angle lens and telephoto lens that work seamlessly to offer
optical magnification and stabilisation on both models. But Apple has had to
respond to Android cameras that outperformed iPhone 6s.

I doubt I'd feel compelled to buy iPhone 7, but if I'm an Apple user already,
iPhone 7 and 7 Plus may be enough to stop me defecting to the Android
opposition.

Chris Griffith travelled to Apple's launch in San Francisco courtesy of
AppleLIFE P12

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             583 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              birminghammail.co.uk

                     September 16, 2016 Friday 8:15 AM GMT

Queues for iPhone 7 today in Birmingham Bullring but can you still get one?;
Up to 40 people were queuing outside the Apple shop in Birmingham as iPhone 7
released today

BYLINE: By Graham Young

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 357 words


Dozens of people have been queuing since early this morning to get their hands
on the new iPhone 7 in Birmingham which comes out today.

One man had been outside the Bullring store since midnight and others arrived at
6am to get their hands on the new flagship smartphone.

But the Bullring store had already sold out of the iPhone 7 Plus and the iPhone
7 in black to pre-orders before it opened its doors at 9.30am.

Staff said there were no Iphone7s available to those who hafn't pre ordered and
from 8am to 9.30am it was only letting in those who had pre-ordered.

New Apple store in Birmingham reveals opening date

Radio WM presenter Daz Hale was outside the store to see the queues and broke
the news live on air to the eager customer who had camped outside since 12am
that there would be no IPhone7 Plus available today.

At first the young lad was in disbelief but then despondently said he would head
home back to bed.

There were some IPhone 7 phones available first thing this morning but many had
pre-ordered online to secure the device.

Second year BCU hospitality student Ivan Wang, 19, was one of the first to buy
the new phone.

He left with a new 32G iPphone 7 which cost £599.

Ivan, who is from the mainland of China and hopes to do a masters degree, had
lost his iPhone 6 and has most recently been using an iPhone 4.

The new device is waterproof and the larger model comes with an dual lens camera
capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

The iPhone 7 is available from a starting price of £599 for the cheapest 32GB
option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a
whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus is even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

When does the new Apple store in Birmingham open?

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

If you want to buy the phone outright, the best thing to do is head straight to
Apple's website and pre-order it from there.

Forget your iPhone 7, your old iPod Classic could be worth even more

Here's what happened when iPhone 6 came out in Birmingham...

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             584 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 10:08 AM GMT

How much does the new iPhone 7 and Apple Watch cost?;
The Watch, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will soon go on sale and these are the
prices for the new devices

BYLINE: By Victoria Jones

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 216 words


Apple has unveiled new iPhones with plenty of new features.

A new version of the Apple Watch, called the Series 2 and with greater focus on
health and exercise tracking, was also announced, including a special Nike+
version for runners.

The Watch, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will go on sale on September 16, with
pre-orders for the devices beginning on Friday, September 9.

The iPhone 7, with a 4.7-inch display costs £599 for the 32GB option, the 128GB
phone is £699 and the 256GB phone is £799.

The iPhone 7 Plus, with a 5.5-inch display costs £719 for the 32GB option, the
128GB phone is £819 and the 256GB phone is £919.

A smoother, more metallic finish has been implemented, so the jet black version
of the iPhone 7 in particular looks a departure from previous generations.

The new Apple iPhone 7 is waterproof, wireless and comes with an upgraded camera
and new colours

A black finish has also been added alongside gold, silver and rose gold.

The Apple Watch 2 is available in two different case sizes - 38 mm and 42 mm -
and three different colours - gold, rose gold, silver or space grey.

The Apple Watch 2 will be available in gold, rose gold, silver or space grey
aluminium, or silver or space black stainless steel cases paired with a wide
variety of bands starting at £369 and going up to £1,249.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             585 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             March 14, 2016 Monday

Latest images of the iPhone 7 chassis gets leaked

LENGTH: 263  words


By tbreak Staff -

Following the release of the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus and the news of the new
smaller 4 inch iPhone 5se confirmed, it is now season for the new Apple iPhone 7
rumors and leaks.

Latest leaks and images show the technical drawings for the iPhone 7 chassis.
These images only show the back of the phone, and it looks like the horizontal
antenna lines have been removed, while the lines on the edges remain. Looking at
the images closely also reveals that the camera has changed from the iPhone 6s.
The new camera seems to be significantly larger than the older one, which hints
at a potential upgrade. The new camera also sits closer to the edge of the
phone. However, this may mean that the rumored dual camera system might come
with the iPhone 7 but there are chances it might come for the iPhone 7 Plus.
Since the leak only shows the back of the phone, there is no confirmation
regarding the headphone jack.

A user also went ahead and created a Photoshop mock of what the iPhone 7 might
look like according to the leaked images. These images suggest that the iPhone 7
might have more of a minimalist appearance which does in fact make it more
appealing. According to the source of the leak, the phone also appears to be
slimmer by comparison to other iPhones.

Although these are just rumors, and are to be taken with some skepticism, it is
worth noting that similar images leaked before the iPhone 6 came out, which also
accurately predicted the design of it.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/45/145795490641.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/39/145795490713.jpg



LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             586 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

China's online chatter muted ahead of Apple iPhone 7 launch

LENGTH: 748  words

DATELINE: Bengaluru


Bengaluru, Sept. 7 -- Judging by the volume of online chatter, there's a lot
less buzz in China ahead of the launch of the new Apple Inc iPhone, and people
on the street say they're more likely to "wait and see" what the latest device
offers than rush out to buy.


 Posts on China's popular Sina Weibo microblogging site show the iPhone 6, which
took China by storm in 2014 with its new, larger screen, attracted around 15
times more comments in the month before launch than this year's model.
 Wait and see
 The muted online anticipation for the iPhone 7 underlines the challenge Apple
faces to revive growth in China, where an economic slowdown has slammed the
brakes on what was once touted as the firm's next big growth engine.
 Apple's Greater China sales dropped by a third in April-June, albeit after more
than doubling a year earlier, and revenue was down by more than a quarter to
$8.8 billion - around a fifth of its total sales. Its 7.8 per cent market share
ranked fifth in China, trailing local vendors Huawei Technologies Co Ltd, OPPO
and Vivo, which together accounted for 47 per cent, according to IDC data.
 The California-based company's online stores for iBooks and movies was also
closed in China after Beijing imposed strict curbs in March on online
publishing, and Apple has been on the losing side of intellectual property
battles here.
 Beijing student Wang Yue, 23, said she was in no hurry to buy an iPhone 7. "I'm
looking forward to the launch, but I won't rush to buy anything," Wang, who uses
an iPhone 6S that was launched last year, told Reuters. "I want to know what new
functions it's got. My feeling is there are no real major changes from the 6S,
so I think I'll hold off for a while."
 Apple is set to unveil the new iPhone 7 at an event in San Francisco on
Wednesday. The company, which doesn't give a regional breakdown for its iPhone
sales, didn't respond to requests for comment.
 Among half a dozen consumers Reuters spoke to most said they would first check
out the new phone's functions or wait for the price to drop. Only one planned to
definitely buy any new model.
 "The word among consumers is the updates are not going to be revolutionary, but
smaller changes," said Ben Cavender, Shanghai-based director at China Market
Research Group, who described current consumer interest in China as "muted".
 iPhone fatigue
 More than anything else, the upcoming iPhone 7 may be a victim of the success
of the iPhone 6.
 China sales of the iPhone 6 soared in the first quarter of last year, helping
drive up Apple's China revenues by 71 per cent. A year later, weaker sales of
the 6S contributed to the company's first global decline in iPhone sales and
first revenue drop in 13 years - though globally the 6S was the top-selling
smartphone in April-June, according to Strategy Analytics.
 The research firm estimates iPhone shipments in China will decline 20 per cent
in the second half of this year to 21 million from a year ago.
 "Apple is struggling with consumer 'iPhone fatigue' in China, while competition
from Huawei, Oppo and others remains fierce," said Strategy Analytics analyst
Neil Mawston.
 Weibo chatter in the run-up to the iPhone 7 launch has, however, topped levels
seen ahead of last year's 6S launch.
 Wait for iPhone 8
 Some Chinese shoppers are even already eyeing a potential iPhone 8 model that
could be launched with more significant changes next year, the 10th anniversary
of the first iPhone.
 "Because it's just one year, lots of people are choosing to wait for the iPhone
8," said Wang Bo, a finance worker in his thirties at a securities firm in
Shanghai. "The changes with the 8 will be much bigger, which I think will be a
drag on sales of the new phone this year."
 Wang, who uses both an iPhone 6S and a Huawei P9, said he plans to buy this
year's new iPhone when it's released in China.
 But convincing other shoppers in China - and the United States - to replace
their smartphone is a tougher sell today than in 2014, when many Chinese were
buying an iPhone for the first time.
 Concerns that Apple has hit "peak iPhone" have buffeted the firm's shares this
year, with the stock price up just 2.35 per cent, lagging the benchmark S&P 500
Index.
 "The biggest thing that's changed since 2014 is that the iPhone is widely
available," said Ben Thompson, who analyses the technology sector at
Stratechery. "There's a lot more growth potential when people have their first
chance to buy an iPhone, but that potential has now been realised."

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             587 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             July 21, 2016 Thursday

Supplier hopes rest on iPhone 7

BYLINE: Fan Feifei

LENGTH: 565  words


Apple Inc's expected September launch of its iPhone 7 series is still more than
a month away, but the tech market is abuzz with talk of whether that would help
bail out Apple's suppliers of parts and components.

The latter have been on a rough ride ever since the global tech giant announced
a sharp drop in its January-March revenue, or its fiscal 2016 Q2 earnings.

Suppliers in Taiwan province may be in recession for the first time this year,
affected by Apple's flagging performance and falling demand for smartphones
globally.

But market research firm International Data Corp is bullish on the iPhone 7
series. It said Apple's suppliers will likely benefit from them.

But Jason Low, tech industry expert at Canalys, is not so sure. "As the iPhone 7
has not yet been released, we don't know whether Apple has made some
revolutionary changes in design and added new functions. So we couldn't decide
whether it could boost sales and have a more positive impact on its suppliers."

There are positive signs though. The Economic Daily News reported that Apple has
started mass production of the iPhone 7, and some companies were hiring staff as
they prepared to assemble the newest model.

The United Daily News reported that Apple has asked its suppliers to produce 72
million to 78 million iPhone 7 units by the end of this year.

The figure marks the highest yield target in the past two years, and far
surpasses the predictions of Wall Street analysts, reflecting Apple's confidence
that sales of its new model will beat expectations.

The United Daily News report said Apple's chief manufacturing partner Foxconn
Technology Group, also known as Hon Hai Precision Industry Co, has obtained
major assembly orders for the iPhone 7.

That's not all. Pegatron Corp, another Apple supplier, apparently received some
orders. Apple has not offered any comment or confirmation so far in this regard.

Yet, tech markets expect the iPhone 7 smartphone and the iPhone 7 Plus phablet
to sport new designs and new features. Unconfirmed market talk is one of the
highlights of the iPhone 7 series will be a dual-lens rear camera.

James Yan, a Beijing-based analyst at Counterpoint Technology Market Research,
estimates the upcoming iPhone 7 series should be better than iPhone 6S,
considering its reported higher-level configuration.

That may not help revive Apple's declining smartphone fortunes. Its global
market share dropped to 15.3 percent in the January-March quarter as growth in
smartphone sales worldwide stayed nearly flat, according to IDC.

Sales of its latest flagship iPhone 6S and 6S Plus failed to reach the levels of
their predecessors. Some 51.2 million units were sold during the first three
months of this year, lower than 61.2 million units in the same quarter of 2015.
Apple had an 18.3 percent market share then.

However, IDC estimates shipments from the global smartphone assembly firms are
expected to increase slightly in the April-June quarter, compared with the
previous quarter.

In the smartphone assembly industry globally, Samsung Electronics Co Ltd tops
the list of shipments, followed by Hon Hai and Pegatron.

An employee works at a Foxconn Technology Group factory in Wuhan, Hubei
province. Reuters

(China Daily 07/21/2016 page15)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/95/146911629862.jpg

eca86bda350e18fa62bd17.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/29/146911629949.jpg

eca86bda350e18fa62c218.jpg

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             588 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               London Free Press

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

New iPhone features are nice , but Apple will have a tough sell

BYLINE: Josh McConnell, Financial Post

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. NP7

LENGTH: 489  words


If it ' s September, there must be a brand new iPhone line from Apple Inc. And
if this year ' s iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year ' s iPhone, that
' s because, well, it is.

Calledthe iPhone 7andthe iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time Apple
has not followed one of its S -series with a design change - a deviation from
its usual two-year design cycle. The height, width and depth dimensions of the
new phones are all identical to the previous iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, though the
weight is slightlyless.

TheFinancialPost was one of afew media outlets globally to receive early
reviewunits of both phones to test all of the new features.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that ' s up to 40 per cent faster
than lastyear ' s iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50 per cent better
graphics capabilities. The phones feel quicker in simple day-to-day tasks such
as web browsing, switchingbetween apps or restarting. More intensive actions
such as photo or video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more
quickly. The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine
vibration that creates the illusion of the user pressing a button without
anything actually moving. Removingthe button helps seal the phones, making them
water and dust resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help free up space internally for other technology, like a
bigger battery or the taptic engine. Regular headphones can nowbe connected
using an adapter, which will retail for only $10, for the device ' s Lightning
port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple ' s
newEarPods that are releasing in October. The only real usability issue with a
lack of headphone jack is when you want to charge your phone while listening to
music, which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the
new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved lowlight photos with
better detail and less graininess.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hopingyou ' ll
payextrafor, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that ' s permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now " zoom in " optically when
takingphotos without losing quality.

Ifyouhave an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you won ' t see as much of a difference this
year other than the big camera upgrades. But if you have an even older iPhone,
then there is plenty to like about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Both will be available Sept. 16 starting at $899 and $1049, respectively, off
contract. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press; The lightning port of an iPhone
7 is shown during an event to announce new Apple products on Sept . 7 in San
Francisco .;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 London Free Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             589 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   Gulf Times

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

iPhone 7 pre-orders from Ooredoo on September 16

LENGTH: 146  words


iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus

Doha

Ooredoo will accept pre-orders for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus from September 16
and offer delivery from September 24, it was announced.

Both the models will be available in retail shops and online at ooredoo.qa. The
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be compatible with Ooredoo's latest Supernet
enhancement- Category 9 LTE-Advanced Standard, which enables customers to access
download speeds of up to 325Mbps.

Ooredoo has a range of data plans available, ranging from QR 3 daily for 150MB
on Hala, to QR 500 for unlimited Shahry monthly data.

"The salient features of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus include an all-new advanced
camera system, dust and water resistant design, stereo speaker system, the
powerful A10 Fusion chip and the best battery life ever in an iPhone," Ooredoo
added in a statement.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/60/183/39/147345887994.jpg



LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 183


                      Copyright 2016 Gulf Times Newspaper
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             590 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             July 16, 2016 Saturday

Alleged iPhone 7 makes a video appearance

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 287 words


NEW DELHI: Recently, some images leaked, claiming to show Apple iPhone 7's new
EarPods with a lightning connector. And now, a video has popped up online
claiming to show the unannounced smartphone itself. The video shows two iPhone 7
smartphones in Silver and Space Grey colour options.

Unfortunately, the 7-second video only shows the iPhone 7 from the back.
Interestingly, the appearance of the back panel corroborates with previous
rumours and leaked images. The handset featured in the video features a large
rear camera along with LED flash and antenna lines running along the side edges.
The 3.5mm headphone jack is absent as well.While the iPhone 7 will likely
feature a 4.7-inch display, both the rumoured Plus and Pro variants are expected
to have 5.5-inch displays. The displays might see a bump in resolution and will
most probably have 3D Touch support.The next line-up of iPhones will be powered
by Apple's A10 processor. While the iPhone 7 is expected to come with 2GB RAM,
Apple might offer as much as 4GB RAM in the bigger iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 7
Pro variants. Also, both Plus and Pro will be powered by the same CPU but with
increased clock speeds.The alleged prices of the iPhone 7 models have already
been leaked via a post on Chinese microblogging website Weibo. The base 32GB
version of iPhone7 is rumoured to be priced at CNY 5288, while the 64GB and
256GB versions will likely cost CNY 6088 and CNY 7088 respectively in China.
These prices roughly translate to Rs 53,000, Rs 61,000 and Rs 71,000
respectively. The iPhone7 Plus and the iPhone7 Pro (32GB as base variant) are
rumoured to start at CNY 6088 or around Rs 61,000 and CNY 7088 or Rs 71,000
respectively.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             591 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                     August 31, 2016 Wednesday 03:31 PM EST

iPhone 7 Plus may come with a 256GB storage option

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 166  words


Click for image

One of the more interesting iPhone 7 rumors suggests that Apple's next-gen
iPhone will come with a 256GB storage options. While 256GB of storage may seem
excessive, it perhaps stands to reason that the iPhone 7 Plus -- on account of
its dual camera system which will take presumably large high-res photos -- will
need more storage than many are anticipating.

That said, an interesting iPhone 7 leak hit the Apple blogosphere earlier today
when a spec sheet purporting to be for the iPhone 7 was posted on the Chinese
microblogging website Weibo. As evidenced via the photo below, a 256GB iPhone 7
Plus model may be announced next week at Apple's special media event.

As for other late-breaking iPhone 7 rumors, there are new rumblings suggesting
that the iPhone 7 will come with a lightning to 3.5mm headphone jack adapter
free of charge. This should prove to be welcome news for users wary of opting
for either an Apple-branded headphone solution or Bluetooth headphones.

via MacRumors

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             592 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 8:57 PM GMT

Apple unveils waterproof iPhone 7 and wireless headphones;
The tech giant has been revealing its latest gadgets in San Francisco

BYLINE: By walesonline

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 639 words


Apple has unveiled the new iPhone 7, having made the phone water resistant for
the first time and removed the headphone jack.

The tech giant's chief executive Tim Cook announced the phone at an event in San
Francisco, though a social media glitch saw the firm's Twitter account - only
recently activated - accidentally reveal the news early.

A new version of the Apple Watch, called the Series 2 and with greater focus on
health and exercise tracking, was also announced, including a special Nike+
version for runners.

The Watch, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will go on sale on September 16, with
pre-orders for the devices beginning on Friday.

As was widely rumoured, Apple confirmed the removal of the headphone jack
connection on the base of the phone.

Instead, Apple said it now includes earphones in their boxes that connect to the
iPhone's Lightning connection, currently used for charging and data transfer.

An adaptor will also be included in the box that will enable traditional
headphone users to connect to the new iPhone and continue to use their existing
headset.

Some commentators had predicted a backlash from consumers if Apple completely
cut off wired connections in one move.

New "breakthrough" wireless EarPods called AirPods were also unveiled for those
wanting to go wireless.

The AirPods contain sensors that can tell when they are in a user's ears, and
can be connected to an iPhone or Apple Watch just by opening the smart box they
come in, that also charges them.

Apple said they would have five hours of battery life.

The iPhone 7 will also come with stereo speakers for the first time, with a
speaker now placed at the top and bottom of the device.

The iPhone 7 has also had its camera completely redesigned, with a much-rumoured
second lens being added to the larger iPhone 7 Plus that will enable users to
capture more zoomed images without losing picture quality.

The lenses across the two phones now contain a 12 megapixel sensor.

Mr Cook said of the smartphone: "It has become the industry gold standard.

"iPhone is the phone by which all others are measured and it has become a
cultural phenomenon."

In July, the tech giant revealed it had sold the one billionth unit of the
device, while Mr Cook said the Apple Watch was now the world's second most
popular watch brand and most popular smartwatch.

The new batch of emojis is about to appear but there's still no Welsh flag

Many had predicted that the iPhone 7 would change little of Apple's smartphone,
with eyes on next year's 10th anniversary.

However, the tech giant unveiled new smartphones that not only are different in
how they are made, but also in some of their core features.

A smoother, more metallic finish has been implemented, so the Jet Black version
of the iPhone 7 in particular looks a departure from previous generations.

A black finish has also been added alongside gold, silver and rose gold.

The home button on the phone has also been given Apple's vibration-based taptic
engine that responds to a user's touch.

In terms of the second generation Apple Watch the company revealed it was making
the wearable "swim-proof" for the first time.

The new Watch comes with a speaker that is able to eject any water that gets
inside the speaker grill.

Apple has patented an infrared blocker to stop people taking pictures and videos
at concerts

Apple chief Tim Cook said that since launching the Apple Watch in 2015, it has
become the second most popular watch brand globally and the most popular
smartwatch.

Called Apple Watch Series 2, Apple has completely overhauled the internals of
the device, with a new display as well as a new processor that makes the Watch
"up to 50%" faster, Apple's Jeff Williams said.

Apple also revealed that built-in GPS will appear on the wearable for the first
time, enabling users to run without needing to take their phone with them.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             593 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                      June 23, 2016 Thursday 02:57 PM EST

iPhone 7 won't include game-changing features, report claims

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 452  words


Click for image

With WWDC now behind us, the next big event on Apple's schedule is its highly
anticipated iPhone 7 unveiling. Likely to take place sometime this coming
September, the iPhone 7 will be under a lot of pressure to boost sales. Of
course, iPhone sales are still incredibly strong, but Apple in 2016 experienced
its first year-over-year drop in iPhone sales in history. In other words,
analysts and pundits will be looking at the iPhone 7 to deliver in a big way.

That said, a recent report from The Wall Street Journal suggests that the iPhone
7 may not include any game-changing features. Specifically, the report relays
that Apple's traditional schedule of implementing major design changes to the
iPhone every two years will be adjusted ever so slightly.

Apple Inc. plans to break with its recent pattern of overhauling the design of
its flagship iPhone every two years, and make only subtle changes in the models
it will release this fall, according to people familiar with the matter.

Among other things, those people said, Apple's newest phones will maintain the
current 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch displays. Those are the sizes of the
larger-display models Apple introduced in 2014, and refreshed with newer models
last fall.

The biggest planned change in this year's phones is the removal of the headphone
plug, which will make the phone thinner and improve its water resistance, said
people familiar with the matter.

If this report pans out, it will be interesting to see how iPhone 7 sales fare.

Complicating matters is Apple's rumored decision to completely abandon the
tried-and-true 3.5mm headphone jack. Recently, there has been no shortage of
passionate debates regarding the wisdom (or perhaps stupidity) behind Apple
completely eliminating a worldwide standard. Some well-known industry figures
have even taken to calling Apple's rumored design move (which we should point
out isn't official by any means) "user-hostile and stupid."

Interestingly, Apple has a history of phasing out established technologies.
Remember, the iMac shipped without a floppy drive and Apple, with the MacBook
Air, shipped a laptop with no optical drive.

All in all, it appears that Apple and iPhone fans will have to wait for 2017's
iPhone 7s for some major iPhone changes to take foot. From what we've gathered
thus far, Apple's 2017 iPhone will likely feature a curved OLED display with an
embedded home button and Touch ID sensor.

As a final point, the one wild card in all of this is the iPhone 7's camera. If
the iPhone 7's camera truly represents a tremendous leap forward in quality,
then perhaps that's the big selling point Apple is banking on this year.
Thankfully, we won't have to wait too much longer to find out.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             594 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

It"s here: iPhone 7 arrives in New Zealand

SECTION: BUSINESS; General

LENGTH: 286 words


The highly anticipated iPhone 7 has landed in New Zealand into the hands of
customers who pre-ordered Apple"s newest device last week.

Apple unveiled the high-spec device at an event in San Francisco live-streamed
by millions around the world.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are the latest generation of Apple"s smartphone that
exploded onto the market nine years ago.

Spark has sold out of the new phone already and some customers who pre-ordered
the device missed out on the first drop.

The telco said it will be getting more stock over the next few weeks which will
go first to pre-orders and then to general release.

Vodafone"s flagship store on Queen Street had Apple fans lining up from as early
as 8pm last night to be among the first in the country to buy the iPhone 7.

Max Grant, 25, was the first customer to get his hands on his pre-ordered phone
at Spark"s Queen St store.

There were no overnight camp-outs on Queen St for Grant, he knew one of the
Alpha 1 robots was queuing up for him.

The waterproof feature of the iPhone 7 was the biggest selling point for him, he
said.

Irene Hu of Auckland received her iPhone 7 Plus by drone. She was one of the
first Vodafone customers to pre-order the phone online last week.

Vodafone delivered the new iPhone in a drone that flew from the telco"s
headquarters in Viaduct Harbour to the Hilton Hotel on Princes Wharf.

Die-hard Aussie Apple fans began forming a queue to get their hands on the
iPhone 7 nearly 48 hours before the new iPhone was due to hit the Apple store in
Sydney this morning.

Late yesterday, Apple announced there would be no iPhone 7 Plus or jet black
iPhone 7 units available in stores around the world for walk-in customers
because they were already sold out.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             595 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            September 4, 2016 Sunday

iPhone 7 might just have new colors, chips and even waterproofing

LENGTH: 199  words


iPhone 7 gets a few more rumors before its big reveal

Apple is all set to reveal the new iPhone this week, or so we hope, but for now,
we have some more rumors for the iPhone 7.

According to KGI Securities Analyst Ming Chi Kuo, Apple will rock a new Apple
A10 chip on the iPhone 7, which is clocked at 2.4 GHz, making it faster than the
A9 chip. There are going to be two new colours, "dark black" and "piano black",
while the classic silver grey look is going to be retired, he says. He also
mentions that the next iPhone will have the same rating as the Apple Watch in
terms of waterproofing, meaning it should be able to last for 30 minutes under 1
meter of water.

Other rumors include the end of the 3.5mm headphone jack, along with the new
dual lens camera for the larger 5.5 inch iPhone 7. The iPhone 7 Plus will also
get 3GB of RAM to help with image processing, while the standard model will get
2GB of RAM. The new iPhone will also ditch 16GB and 64GB options, leaving users
to opt for 32GB, 128GB and 256GB. There might also be some minor upgrades too.

We will get to know more about the Apple iPhone 7 this week, as Apple has
announced that there will be an iPhone 7 event on Wednesday.

Source

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             596 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                        July 18, 2016 Monday 1:59 PM GMT

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s;
A video supposedly showing a finished version of the iPhone 7 matches it up to
Apple's existing handset - and it looks like little will change

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 223 words


Excitement for the next version of the iPhone 7 is increasing with each new
"leak" appearing on the internet.

The latest example is a video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that
matches up the new iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

Finished iPhone 7 PICTURED for the first time? Viral photo is clearest image yet
of Apple's next gadget

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

How to download US iPhone and iPad apps on your UK device - get Pokémon GO game
TODAY

But do we expect more from Apple this time around? Have your say in the comments
section below.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             597 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

The Apple iPhone 7 Plus Flaunts A Dual-Camera Setup

BYLINE: Chandrakant 'CK' Isi

LENGTH: 267  words


The Cupertino-based company has priced pegged the 32 GB base model at $769.

At the event held in San Francisco, Apple unveiled two new handsets - The iPhone
7 and iPhone 7 Plus. One of the highlights of today's keynote has been the
dual-camera setup, which comprises of a 12-megapixel snapper and a depth sensor.
This arrangement is quite reminiscent of Huawei's Honor 6 Plus. Such setup
enables you to alter the depth-of-focus of a photograph. Apple has kept this
killer-feature exclusive to the iPhone 7 Plus. It is a shame that those who will
purchase the iPhone 7 will have to miss out on this. The new "Quad-LED True
Tone" flash is said to be 50 percent brighter than iPhone 6s. For narcissist
grown-ups, Apple has thrown-in a 7-megapixel FaceTime HD camera.

The handset features a 5.5-inch IPS display with 1920x1080 pixels. Much like its
younger sibling, the iPhone 7 Plus supports 3D touch. It is powered by the same
Apple A10 Fusion chipset, which powers the iPhone 7. Rest of the features remain
the same, the iPhone 7 Plus is water and dust resistant. It does away with the
3.5 mm jack in favour of lightening port. The home button hosts a pressure
sensitive fingerprint sensor.

The iPhone 7 Plus will be up for pre-order from this Friday in more than 25
countries. It will hit the stores on 16th of September. The handset will be
available in gold, rose gold (pink), silver, and two black options. The 32 GB
base model is pegged at $769 (approx Rs 51,000). The 128 GB version can be yours
for $869 (roughly Rs 58,000), whereas the 256 GB variant will burn a $969 (Rs
65,500) hole in your pocket.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             598 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 10:33 AM GMT

The new iPhone7 is due to be released today - here is what we know so far;
Apple is expected to reveal the latest iPhone7 today and there is already a lot
of speculation

BYLINE: By Cathy Owen

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1073 words


The new iPhone7 is expected to be revealed to the world later on today.

Tech giant Apple usually updates its smartphone lineup in early September so it
can see out the end of the year on a high.

Apple sent out invitations last week for an event that is taking place at 6pm UK
time today.

Highlights are likely to include a new dual-camera and the loss of the headphone
port.

Apple launches new smaller and cheaper iPhone - the iPhone SE

But what else do we know?

Apple have sent out invitations for an event next week, they are for September 7
and it is widely expected that the new iPhone will be unveiled today.

The event is taking place in San Francisco's Bill Graham Civic Auditorium at
10am, which will be 6pm in the UK.

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away. It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may
allude to the name of the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

There have been lots of rumours and several supposed leaks of images, but they
do not really show very much. All you can make out is what the casing or
materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone look like.

It has been reported that you can get it in silver, gold and rose gold. It is
also likely to come in two different sizes - one with a 4.7-inch display, and
one with a 5.5-inch display.

Not much is expected to change as Apple is tipped to be saving up big design
changes for the 2017 iPhone which will mark the iPhones 10th anniversary.

But it is thought that the new phones will have a new dual-camera at the rear
(it's been described as "a monumental leap forward in smartphone camera
quality"), and there will be no headphone jack so it can be skinnier than ever.
It means users will have to buy an adaptor that lets them plug headphones in.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6S camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

Rumours also suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

Apple has patented an infrared blocker to stop people taking pictures and videos
at concerts

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead or iPhone7
Plus.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, some rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion".

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology , the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

The new batch of emojis is about to appear but there's still no Welsh flag

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based  Commercial Times  , Apple is working
on a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone
.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

It is expected to go on pre-order straight after the launch on September 7, and
it is likely to go on sale in the UK on September 16.

The price is widely reported to be £539 for a 16GB version, £619 for 64GB, and
£699 for the 128GB iPhone 7. Rumour has it, though, that there may well be a
256GB model of iPhone 7, although that's unlikely. If there is, however, expect
it to be well into the region of £800.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             599 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 10:33 AM GMT

The new iPhone7 is due to be released today - here is what we know so far;
Apple is expected to reveal the latest iPhone7 today and there is already a lot
of speculation

BYLINE: By Cathy Owen

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 1073 words


The new iPhone7 is expected to be revealed to the world later on today.

Tech giant Apple usually updates its smartphone lineup in early September so it
can see out the end of the year on a high.

Apple sent out invitations last week for an event that is taking place at 6pm UK
time today.

Highlights are likely to include a new dual-camera and the loss of the headphone
port.

Apple launches new smaller and cheaper iPhone - the iPhone SE

But what else do we know?

Apple have sent out invitations for an event next week, they are for September 7
and it is widely expected that the new iPhone will be unveiled today.

The event is taking place in San Francisco's Bill Graham Civic Auditorium at
10am, which will be 6pm in the UK.

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away. It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may
allude to the name of the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

There have been lots of rumours and several supposed leaks of images, but they
do not really show very much. All you can make out is what the casing or
materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone look like.

It has been reported that you can get it in silver, gold and rose gold. It is
also likely to come in two different sizes - one with a 4.7-inch display, and
one with a 5.5-inch display.

Not much is expected to change as Apple is tipped to be saving up big design
changes for the 2017 iPhone which will mark the iPhones 10th anniversary.

But it is thought that the new phones will have a new dual-camera at the rear
(it's been described as "a monumental leap forward in smartphone camera
quality"), and there will be no headphone jack so it can be skinnier than ever.
It means users will have to buy an adaptor that lets them plug headphones in.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6S camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

Rumours also suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

Apple has patented an infrared blocker to stop people taking pictures and videos
at concerts

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead or iPhone7
Plus.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, some rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion".

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology , the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

The new batch of emojis is about to appear but there's still no Welsh flag

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based  Commercial Times  , Apple is working
on a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone
.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

It is expected to go on pre-order straight after the launch on September 7, and
it is likely to go on sale in the UK on September 16.

The price is widely reported to be £539 for a 16GB version, £619 for 64GB, and
£699 for the 128GB iPhone 7. Rumour has it, though, that there may well be a
256GB model of iPhone 7, although that's unlikely. If there is, however, expect
it to be well into the region of £800.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             600 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 16, 2016 Friday
                                Regional Edition

Consumers will have to wait to buy jet-black iPhones from Apple stores

BYLINE: Hayley Tsukayama

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 415 words


Apple hasn't released any preorder numbers for the latest pair of iPhones, but
the company has let one nugget about sales slip out: If you want a jet-black
iPhone, you may have to wait awhile.

The company says phones with the new, glossy black finish for the iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus won't be on shelves in Apple stores on Friday.

"We couldn't be happier with the initial response to iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus," Apple said in a statement to The Washington Post. "During the online
preorder period, initial quantities of iPhone 7 Plus in all finishes and iPhone
7 in jet black sold out and will not be available for walk-in customers."

The jet-black iPhone models come only in the phone's higher storage capacities,
128 gigabyte and 256 gigabyte.

Shoppers may have luck finding the jet-black phones at carrier stores or other
retail stores, such as Best Buy or Target. But you may want to call ahead before
you go to the store (or camp out in line) to make sure you can get what you
want.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are also available in rose gold, gold, silver and
Apple's other black finish. The firm said shoppers will be able to find all of
those hues in Apple stores and other retail stores starting Friday.

Those who really want the shiny jet-black finish can still order the phone they
want - though it will require patience. Orders for the jet-black iPhone on
Apple's website have shipping dates that push into November.

Apple has said that it will not release preorder sales information for this pair
of smartphones, as had been its custom, because it thought that the phones will
sell out and that sales will be limited only by supply.

Skeptics have said that Apple's decision indicates it's worried that the latest
phones, which are more of an incremental update than many had hoped, won't sell
in the way we have come to expect from Apple. That's a valid concern, given that
some may look at the new phones and decide not to upgrade so quickly.

Early statements from major U.S. carriers, however, indicate that preorders are
on pace with past years or better. Verizon Executive Vice President Marni Walden
said at a mobile industry conference that iPhone preorders were "business as
usual," according to a report from Bloomberg News. Meanwhile, AT&T, Sprint and
T-Mobile have said that preorders are higher than for the iPhone 6S. Sprint, a
smaller carrier, said preorders were "up more than 375 percent" from the first
three days of iPhone sales last year.

hayley.tsukayama@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             601 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                        July 15, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 7 Prices Leak

BYLINE: Malavika Subramanyan

LENGTH: 410  words


A leak on Chinese social networking site Weibo has revealed the (expected)
prices of all three variants of the upcoming smartphone.

It seems the cat's out of the bag; 'cat' in this case being the hitherto
hush-hush prices of the upcoming iPhone 7 and its variants. The Chinese social
networking site Weibo is responsible for the dramatic reveal.

It seems that the 32GB variant of the iPhone 7 is expected to be priced at CNY
5288 (INR 52,983), while the 64GB variant of the same may cost CNY 6088 (INR
60,999), and the 256GB version at CNY 7088 (INR 71,018).

As for the iPhone 7 Plus, the 32GB variant may be priced at CNY 6088 (INR
60,999), and the 128GB and 256GB versions are rumoured to be priced at CNY 6888
(INR 69,014), CNY 7888 (INR 79,014) respectively.

Finally, the iPhone 7 Pro is thought to be priced at CNY 7088 (INR 71,018) for
the 32GB base variant, CNY 7888 for the 128GB variant (INR 79,014), and CNY 8882
( INR89,000) for the 256GB variant.

That's... a lot of big numbers.

However, there's a chance that prices in India will be lower than in China. Last
year, initial sales figures for the iPhone 6 and its variants fell short of
estimated numbers due to the high pricing when the phones were launched. So
Indian Apple fans can reasonably expect a 5-10K difference in comparison to
Chinese prices.

The iPhone 7 will see some interesting changes. Rumour has it that Apple has
nixed the headphone jack and the home button. Previous leaks also suggest that
the iPhone 7 may come with a waterproof chassis. There are also suggestions of a
design overhaul that will see the antenna stripes from the rear of the device
being removed. Analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, famous for his iPhone predictions, stated
at a call to investors that the iPhone 7 Plus would feature a dual-camera
imaging system with optical zoom capabilities.

So, to recap: three variants of the iPhone 7: plain ol' iPhone 7, slightly more
interesting Plus, and probably drool-worthy Pro (this is starting to sound like
a high school movie). Each has three varieties that differ in storage capacity
(because hierarchy is everything). The higher the storage capacity, the higher
the price. (naturally). Prices very high to begin with. Might be lower in India,
because we can apparently even tell Apple, "sahi daam batao, bhaiyya!" Some
nifty little changes that are at the halfway-to-sure house.

All will be revealed in September, when the phone is actually launched, and
Apple puts us out of our misery.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             602 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          manchestereveningnews.co.uk

                       August 29, 2016 Monday 7:35 PM GMT

iPhone 7 to be unveiled at special Apple event next week;
The tagline says "see you on the 7th" but gives no other clues about what may be
launched

BYLINE: By Andrew Stuart

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 478 words


Apple has confirmed the date of its next big launch event where it is widely
expected to unveil the iPhone 7.

They've sent out media invitations for an event on September 7 - at the usual
time of 10am in San Francisco (6pm in the UK).

It's set to take place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium, but the invite for
journalists doesn't give many clues to what's going to happen - unlike normal.

It simply says "see you on the 7th" - which has led to speculation the iPhone 7
will indeed be launched.

The background of translucent coloured bubbles may relate to the rumour that
Apple is planning to bring in new coloured handsets.

Some people have also speculated they could be water droplets - pointing to a
possible waterproof iPhone.

Tech news sites and blogs have been posting rumour upon rumour about the new
iPhone for months. Leaks from what appear to be people involved in the
production of the iPhone have kept the interest up.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket.

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones.

The iPhone 7 is on the way - here's what to expect

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that it the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button, but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof. Smartphone rivals
like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling point
for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Earlier rumours suggested that the new handset will no longer come in a 16GB
model - but that the top-of-the-range iPhone will now offer 256GB of storage.

It's also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your phone will
get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7, suggesting Apple may be considering different colour options.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGMWNGMANC


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             603 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Yorkshire Evening Post

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

Hoax iPhone 7 images hit the internet - but what can we expect from the next
iPhone?

LENGTH: 386  words


It's that time of year again - no, not Christmas - but time for internet cads to
fire up their copy of Photoshop and attempt to dupe Apple fans with images
claiming to be leaked photos of the next generation iPhone.

The latest images to do the rounds on social media purport to be the iPhone 7 -
due to come out in 2016 - and feature an iPhone 6, stretched comically to
accommodate a Blackberry-style QUERTY keyboard.

Many users on social media seemed to buy in to the hoax, although it was quickly
recognised as a joke by many others.

But what do we know about the iPhone 7?

Well as usual, no one outside of Apple or their supply chain knows very much for
certain. The organisation has kept the project under wraps, with no release date
confirmed for the device although there are rumours of an Autumn 2016 release.
Here are some of the other rumoured features:

No home button - According to reports in Forbes
(http://www.forbes.com/sites/ewanspence/2015/12/04/apple-news-digest-iphone-7
-leak-iphone-6s-review/), the next generation iPhone is likely to have an
edge-to-edge display. Instead of using the home button, the fingerprint scanner
will be built in to the phone display.

Thinner handset - In the same report, Forbes' Gordon Kelly indicates that a
number of factors, including Apple's rumoured choice of a processor manufactured
by TSMC, indicate that one of the firm's goals for the new iPhone is for it to
be thinner than its predecessor.

No headphone jack - Another rumour to surface is that the 3.5mm headphone jack
will be eliminated from the new handset - possibly as a consequence of the
thinner device.

Waterproof handset - In a development that will make anyone who has ever dropped
their phone in the sink very happy, some analysts are hinting that the iPhone 7
could feature waterproofed ports and seams. It's worth pointing out that this
was also a rumour about the iPhone 6 prior to its launch.

Wireless charging - Information Week is reporting
(http://www.informationweek.com/mobile/mobile-devices/iphone-7
-top-5-rumors-were-following/d/d-id/1323427) that wireless charging could be a
feature of the new device.

Are you keeping an eye out for a release date of the iPhone 7? Which of these
features would you most like to see?

{/news | CLICK FOR MORE NEWS HEADLINES | Click here for more news headlines}

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NLEP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             604 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Yorkshire Post

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

Hoax iPhone 7 images hit the internet - but what can we expect from the next
iPhone?

LENGTH: 386  words


It's that time of year again - no, not Christmas - but time for internet cads to
fire up their copy of Photoshop and attempt to dupe Apple fans with images
claiming to be leaked photos of the next generation iPhone.

The latest images to do the rounds on social media purport to be the iPhone 7 -
due to come out in 2016 - and feature an iPhone 6, stretched comically to
accommodate a Blackberry-style QUERTY keyboard.

Many users on social media seemed to buy in to the hoax, although it was quickly
recognised as a joke by many others.

But what do we know about the iPhone 7?

Well as usual, no one outside of Apple or their supply chain knows very much for
certain. The organisation has kept the project under wraps, with no release date
confirmed for the device although there are rumours of an Autumn 2016 release.
Here are some of the other rumoured features:

No home button - According to reports in Forbes
(http://www.forbes.com/sites/ewanspence/2015/12/04/apple-news-digest-iphone-7
-leak-iphone-6s-review/), the next generation iPhone is likely to have an
edge-to-edge display. Instead of using the home button, the fingerprint scanner
will be built in to the phone display.

Thinner handset - In the same report, Forbes' Gordon Kelly indicates that a
number of factors, including Apple's rumoured choice of a processor manufactured
by TSMC, indicate that one of the firm's goals for the new iPhone is for it to
be thinner than its predecessor.

No headphone jack - Another rumour to surface is that the 3.5mm headphone jack
will be eliminated from the new handset - possibly as a consequence of the
thinner device.

Waterproof handset - In a development that will make anyone who has ever dropped
their phone in the sink very happy, some analysts are hinting that the iPhone 7
could feature waterproofed ports and seams. It's worth pointing out that this
was also a rumour about the iPhone 6 prior to its launch.

Wireless charging - Information Week is reporting
(http://www.informationweek.com/mobile/mobile-devices/iphone-7
-top-5-rumors-were-following/d/d-id/1323427) that wireless charging could be a
feature of the new device.

Are you keeping an eye out for a release date of the iPhone 7? Which of these
features would you most like to see?

{/news | CLICK FOR MORE NEWS HEADLINES | Click here for more news headlines}

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NLYP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             605 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Mercury News (California)

                             August 29, 2016 Monday

Apple may unveil new iPhone next week

BYLINE: By Michelle Quinn, mquinn@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; News; Business; High-Tech; Columnists; Opinion;
Science and Tech; Columnists

LENGTH: 349 words


CUPERTINO -- On Monday, Apple announced a date for its fall event, a time when
the company typically unveils new products.

Apple is expected to introduce an updated iPhone line with an improved camera
and a new home button. The firm may also show its next Apple Watch.

The invitation for the Sept. 7 event at the Bill Graham Auditorium in San
Francisco didn't offer major hints. But the invite included an image of
swirling, out-of-focus, multicolored lights, which may be a reference to a new
dual-lens camera expected in some of the newest iPhones.

Apple's understated invitation comes at a critical time for the Cupertino firm.
Sales of the iPhone, which represent two-thirds of the firm's annual revenue,
have been down in recent quarters.

One possible reason: Users are upgrading their phones less frequently. The
company is under pressure to revive interest in the iPhone for the Christmas
shopping season.

If the company keeps with the same naming pattern, the devices would be the
iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. They reportedly will have the same look as the iPhone 6S
and 6S Plus but, with an improved camera and possibly a new home button that
vibrates to the touch.

A dual-lens camera for the iPhone could "allow for different focusing tricks
such as the blurry background Apple has in its invite," reports tech blog
Recode.

Perhaps the biggest change to the iPhone will be getting rid of the headphone
jack, if early reports prove true. If that happens, owners of the newest iPhones
will have to rely on Bluetooth-enabled headsets. One possible reason for the
change may be to create a bit more room on the iPhone in order to boost the
phone's battery, CNET reported.

The Apple Watch line, which first went on sale in 2015, is also expected to be
updated.

The firm may be skipping a major redesign of the iPhone this year and instead
focusing on unveiling a new line in 2017, using the device's 10th anniversary to
generate more excitement, some observers have speculated. An all-glass model
with wireless charging may be in the works.

Contact Michelle Quinn at 510-394-4196 and Twitter.com/michellequinn.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Courtesy Apple â Pictured is the invitation sent to journalists by
Apple to announce the Sept. 7, 2016 product introduction event at the Bill
Graham Auditorium in San Francisco. The hot rumor is that a new iteration of the
popular iPhone - the iPhone 7 - will be among the new products introduced.
Courtesy Apple â Pictured is the invitation sent to journalists by Apple to
announce the Sept. 7, 2016 product introduction event at the Bill Graham
Auditorium in San Francisco. The hot rumor is that a new iteration of the
popular iPhone - the iPhone 7 - will be among the new products introduced.
The Bill Graham Civic Auditorium is decorated for an Apple media event Wednesday
morning, Sept. 9, 2015, in San Francisco, Calif. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News
Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             606 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             coventrytelegraph.net

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 1:44 PM GMT

iPhone 7: How much does it cost and how do I pre-order in the UK?;
Your guide to buying the new smartphone from Apple - including network offers
and price ranges

BYLINE: By James Rodger

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 343 words


The wait is finally over - and Apple have FINALLY unveiled their forthcoming
smartphone, the iPhone 7.

The eagerly-anticipated handset was launched at an event streamed live across
the globe from San Francisco.

All eyes were on the tech giant, who certainly didn't disappoint when unveiling
the new smartphone, which has been dubbed "ground-breaking" by critics.

There are a raft of new features and colours to take advantage of - and Apple
supremo Tim Cook revealed that the new phone will be available to pre-order on
Friday, September 9.

And, as if that wasn't enough, the smartphone will start shipping on September
16.

All of the major UK networks are making the iPhone 7 available to its customers.

Happy days!

Best iPhone 6 and iPhone 6S deals after Apple launch iPhone 7

If you decide to buy the phone outright, the iPhone 7 will be available from a
starting price of £599 for the cheapest 32GB option.

The 128GB version is £699 and the 256GB version will set you back an
eye-watering £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus, meanwhile, will cost £719 at the cheapest level,
followed by a 128GB model at £819, and then a 256GB variant costing an
unbelievable £919 in the UK.

iPhone messages set for MAJOR changes with iOS 10 - all you need to know

Customers will only be able to capitalise on the iPhone's CAT 9 functionality on
EE.

This is because of EE's high-speed, high-capacity EE 4G+ network - allowing
customers to achieve maximum speeds of up to 400Mbps.

EE's Cat 9 network is rolling out now and will reach 500+ sites by December
2017.

If you choose to buy the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus on Three, you will benefit
from 4G at no extra cost where available.

Also, their Feel at Home function lets you call, text and use data in 42
countries abroad both in and outside of Europe (including the USA and Australia)
as if you were in the UK, at no extra cost.

Vodafone, meanwhile,  offer ultrafast 4G network and Network Satisfaction
Guarantee which gives you the freedom to experience the strength and quality of
Vodafone's network for up to 30 days before you fully commit.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBET


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             607 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            October 8, 2016 Saturday
                               Bangalore Edition

Airtel's Free Data Offer for New iPhones

SECTION: COMPANIES: PURSUIT OF PROFIT

LENGTH: 260 words


Indian telcos Reliance Jio Infocomm and Bharti Airtel are rolling out free
benefits for Apple's new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus as India becomes a key
market for the Cupertino-based company, amid slowing growth in worldwide
smartphone sales.

Airtel said that iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus users will get 10 GB free 4G3G data
per month for one year with any Airtel Infinity postpaid plan.

Jio said buyers of any iPhone from Reliance Retail or Apple store will get one
year of complimentary services worth Rs 18,000; including free local, STD and
roaming calls, 20 GB of cellular data, 40 GB of

Wi-Fi and unlimited night data, SMS and access to Jio applications.These users
will also get the Jio welcome offer completely free till December 31.

\x93...anyone who purchases an iPhone today gets 15 months of service absolutely
free of cost, an offer that is unprecedented in India,\x93 Jio said in a
statement, adding that these benefits will otherwise be available through a Rs
1,499 plan.

Jio's offer is available for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 6 series as well as the
iPhone SE. Jio said, enterprise customers will

get a 25% discount on Apple iPhones along with attractive tariff plans.

Airtel's Infinity postpaid plan offers unlimited voice calling \xAD local, STD
and national roaming \xAD along with bundled 4G3G data, SMS and free
subscription to Wynk music and Wynk movies.

The free data will be in addition to plan benefits, Airtel said. Adding over the
duration of one year, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus users on Airtel Infinity plans
will get additional 120 GB 4G3G data.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             608 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Forget the lapses, iPhone 7 puts Apple in the picture

SECTION: COMPUTERS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 816 words


How do I put this?

If you're a loser who listens to music or watches YouTube all day, think twice
before buying an iPhone 7.

No, that didn't come out right.

If you're a stellar individual who enjoys listening to music or watching videos
on your phone, and you just happen to have a bad habit of forgetting where you
have left things, then you might need to adopt a strategic approach to owning
the latest phone from Apple. That's better.

I can misplace things in the blink of an eye. Standing at my front door, I once
lost my keys somewhere between the act of getting them out of my pocket and the
act of unlocking the door.

So when I say that I've been using the new iPhone 7 for only three days now, and
I've already misplaced its little headphone dongle two or three times, you have
to keep in mind my absent-mindedness, and you have to ask yourself, am I a loser
like this guy?

Because if you are, you just know the iPhone 7 is going to be a pain in the ass.

You've probably read about Apple's controversial decision to remove the
headphone jack from the iPhone and the iPhone 7 Plus. I actually don't think
it's a terrible idea.

In the box you get a new pair of headphones, that plug into the iPhone's
Lightning port, and you get a little dongle that converts conventional
headphones into Lightning port headphones.

That's as much as anyone ever does to ease the transition between one technology
and the next.

Samsung, in moving its Note7 to the new USB-C connector, supplied customers with
a USB-C cable, and with a little dongle for converting old USB cables to USB-C.
I have also lost that dongle, and the Note7 is now a pain in my ass, too.

If only Apple had shipped the iPhone 7 with, say, five dongles, or even 10 of
the little suckers, none of this would matter, and we could focus our attention
on the fact that, with its latest phone, Apple has finally closed the gap on its
main rivals. Mostly.

The camera on the iPhone 7 is much improved, to the point where it's so close to
the camera on the Samsung Galaxy S7 as to make almost no difference. (More on
that presently.)

The addition of water resistance, which in our tests has worked as advertised,
adds a welcome peace of mind to owning such an expensive phone, not so much
because it means you can now take the iPhone swimming or sailing (anyone doing
that with previous iPhones would have just got a waterproof case anyway), but
more because it means you can now keep using it when you visit the bathroom and
not have to worry about dropping it into the toilet.

And for those of you who don't use headphones or who have lost the headphone
dongle, the addition of stereo sound to the iPhone 7 is a decent improvement,
too.

When you have the new model in landscape mode to watch videos or play games, it
now uses the earpiece for the left audio channel and the phone's main speaker
for the right audio channel, eliminating the sense that you get with older
iPhones that the sound is coming out of the wrong spot.

The sound is still not as big as you can get, say, from an HTC phone - but it's
noticeable. Or, at the very least, it does away with a noticeable flaw.

The home button on the iPhone 7 is no longer a mechanical button that you
actually depress, but it's now a fixed, electronic button that simulates being
pressed by vibrating in a special way that fools your brain into thinking the
button has moved down and up.

Or, at least, that's the way the technology works on other devices Apple has
used it on, such as the 12-inch MacBook.

On the iPhone, the technique is far less convincing. You don't feel that the
home button is depressing so much as the whole screen is depressing.

It feels a lot like BlackBerry's attempt to simulate button presses in its
ill-conceived Storm phone from 2008.

Maybe some compelling app will emerge that will make us all want vibrating home
buttons, but for now it seems like something you can only hope to get used to,
for no tangible benefit.

What is worth upgrading for, though, is the camera.

It's chalk-and-cheese better than the camera on the iPhone 6s, particularly in
low light, to the point where the difference between it and the best camera on
the market, the one Samsung uses in the Note7 and the Galaxy S7, now comes down
to a question of taste.

The Samsung camera is still a touch brighter and sharper in low light, and in
normal light it's still a good deal sharper than the new camera on the iPhone 7,
but that extra brightness and sharpness come at a slight loss of naturalism.
Images from the Galaxy look a touch more processed than images from the iPhone.

When it was briefing me on the iPhone 7, Apple asked me which phone I would
carry with me on a holiday. I said the Galaxy S7, only because its camera was so
much better than anything else on the market.

Now it's hard to say which one I would grab. It could be the Galaxy S7. It could
be the iPhone 7.

Or it could be none. I'm that forgetful.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The iPhone7 has a hugely improved camera.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             609 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday
                             Print & First Editions

Forget the lapses, iPhone 7 puts Apple in the picture;
Digital life

BYLINE: John Davidson

SECTION: COMPUTERS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 816 words


How do I put this?

If you're a loser who listens to music or watches YouTube all day, think twice
before buying an iPhone 7.

No, that didn't come out right.

If you're a stellar individual who enjoys listening to music or watching videos
on your phone, and you just happen to have a bad habit of forgetting where you
have left things, then you might need to adopt a strategic approach to owning
the latest phone from Apple. That's better.

I can misplace things in the blink of an eye. Standing at my front door, I once
lost my keys somewhere between the act of getting them out of my pocket and the
act of unlocking the door.

So when I say that I've been using the new iPhone 7 for only three days now, and
I've already misplaced its little headphone dongle two or three times, you have
to keep in mind my absent-mindedness, and you have to ask yourself, am I a loser
like this guy?

Because if you are, you just know the iPhone 7 is going to be a pain in the ass.

You've probably read about Apple's controversial decision to remove the
headphone jack from the iPhone and the iPhone 7 Plus. I actually don't think
it's a terrible idea.

In the box you get a new pair of headphones, that plug into the iPhone's
Lightning port, and you get a little dongle that converts conventional
headphones into Lightning port headphones.

That's as much as anyone ever does to ease the transition between one technology
and the next.

Samsung, in moving its Note7 to the new USB-C connector, supplied customers with
a USB-C cable, and with a little dongle for converting old USB cables to USB-C.
I have also lost that dongle, and the Note7 is now a pain in my ass, too.

If only Apple had shipped the iPhone 7 with, say, five dongles, or even 10 of
the little suckers, none of this would matter, and we could focus our attention
on the fact that, with its latest phone, Apple has finally closed the gap on its
main rivals. Mostly.

The camera on the iPhone 7 is much improved, to the point where it's so close to
the camera on the Samsung Galaxy S7 as to make almost no difference. (More on
that presently.)

The addition of water resistance, which in our tests has worked as advertised,
adds a welcome peace of mind to owning such an expensive phone, not so much
because it means you can now take the iPhone swimming or sailing (anyone doing
that with previous iPhones would have just got a waterproof case anyway), but
more because it means you can now keep using it when you visit the bathroom and
not have to worry about dropping it into the toilet.

And for those of you who don't use headphones or who have lost the headphone
dongle, the addition of stereo sound to the iPhone 7 is a decent improvement,
too.

When you have the new model in landscape mode to watch videos or play games, it
now uses the earpiece for the left audio channel and the phone's main speaker
for the right audio channel, eliminating the sense that you get with older
iPhones that the sound is coming out of the wrong spot.

The sound is still not as big as you can get, say, from an HTC phone - but it's
noticeable. Or, at the very least, it does away with a noticeable flaw.

The home button on the iPhone 7 is no longer a mechanical button that you
actually depress, but it's now a fixed, electronic button that simulates being
pressed by vibrating in a special way that fools your brain into thinking the
button has moved down and up.

Or, at least, that's the way the technology works on other devices Apple has
used it on, such as the 12-inch MacBook.

On the iPhone, the technique is far less convincing. You don't feel that the
home button is depressing so much as the whole screen is depressing.

It feels a lot like BlackBerry's attempt to simulate button presses in its
ill-conceived Storm phone from 2008.

Maybe some compelling app will emerge that will make us all want vibrating home
buttons, but for now it seems like something you can only hope to get used to,
for no tangible benefit.

What is worth upgrading for, though, is the camera.

It's chalk-and-cheese better than the camera on the iPhone 6s, particularly in
low light, to the point where the difference between it and the best camera on
the market, the one Samsung uses in the Note7 and the Galaxy S7, now comes down
to a question of taste.

The Samsung camera is still a touch brighter and sharper in low light, and in
normal light it's still a good deal sharper than the new camera on the iPhone 7,
but that extra brightness and sharpness come at a slight loss of naturalism.
Images from the Galaxy look a touch more processed than images from the iPhone.

When it was briefing me on the iPhone 7, Apple asked me which phone I would
carry with me on a holiday. I said the Galaxy S7, only because its camera was so
much better than anything else on the market.

Now it's hard to say which one I would grab. It could be the Galaxy S7. It could
be the iPhone 7.

Or it could be none. I'm that forgetful.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             610 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 5, 2016 Monday 11:17 PM GMT

iPhone 7 could be WATERPROOF, new report claims ahead of big Apple launch this
week;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 on Wednesday and there's already a huge
amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 632 words


The internet is awash with speculation that Apple's next mobile handset, thought
to be called the iPhone 7, will be WATERPROOF.

If true it could herald an end to the misery that results from dropping your
iPhone down the toilet, plonking it into your pint glass, or forgetting to take
it out of your pocket before diving into the swimming pool.

It would also bring the mobile phone handset in line with competitors like the
Samsung Galaxy S7 - which can be fully submerged underwater for 30 minutes at a
time.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone

Apple hasn't previously advertised water-resistance on any of its iPhones -
which, while they can endure the odd splash, are rendered next to defunct with
any water submersion.

When does the iPhone 7 come out? Launch date CONFIRMED for Apple's new
smartphone

Passionate Apple users will find out for sure when a press conference organised
by the manufacturer is held on Wednesday evening.

However, well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities issued a detailed
research note over the weekend, in which he stated that the new iPhone will
indeed be water resistant.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 It will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for
up to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch
.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

This will bring it almost into line with Samsung Galaxy S7, which has a rating
of IP68, meaning the device is completely protected against dust, and it is
water-resistant in up to 1.5 metres of water for up to 30 minutes.

This is not the first leak to suggest the iPhone 7 will be resistant against
water.

The invitation to Apple's event on September 7 contains images blurry coloured
circles, which some believe to be water droplets - leading to speculation of a
water-based announcement.

Meanwhile, a report in the China-based Commercial Times earlier this year claims
the manufacturer had been working on a new "compound material" that repels
water.

It will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of plastic that run
across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow mobile signals to
reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

For all the latest rumours, check out our full round-up here .

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             611 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 5, 2016 Monday 11:17 PM GMT

iPhone 7 could be WATERPROOF, new report claims ahead of big Apple launch this
week;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 on Wednesday and there's already a huge
amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 632 words


The internet is awash with speculation that Apple's next mobile handset, thought
to be called the iPhone 7, will be WATERPROOF.

If true it could herald an end to the misery that results from dropping your
iPhone down the toilet, plonking it into your pint glass, or forgetting to take
it out of your pocket before diving into the swimming pool.

It would also bring the mobile phone handset in line with competitors like the
Samsung Galaxy S7 - which can be fully submerged underwater for 30 minutes at a
time.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone

Apple hasn't previously advertised water-resistance on any of its iPhones -
which, while they can endure the odd splash, are rendered next to defunct with
any water submersion.

When does the iPhone 7 come out? Launch date CONFIRMED for Apple's new
smartphone

Passionate Apple users will find out for sure when a press conference organised
by the manufacturer is held on Wednesday evening.

However, well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities issued a detailed
research note over the weekend, in which he stated that the new iPhone will
indeed be water resistant.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 It will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for
up to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch
.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

This will bring it almost into line with Samsung Galaxy S7, which has a rating
of IP68, meaning the device is completely protected against dust, and it is
water-resistant in up to 1.5 metres of water for up to 30 minutes.

This is not the first leak to suggest the iPhone 7 will be resistant against
water.

The invitation to Apple's event on September 7 contains images blurry coloured
circles, which some believe to be water droplets - leading to speculation of a
water-based announcement.

Meanwhile, a report in the China-based Commercial Times earlier this year claims
the manufacturer had been working on a new "compound material" that repels
water.

It will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of plastic that run
across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow mobile signals to
reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

For all the latest rumours, check out our full round-up here .

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             612 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                    Trak.in

                      October 8, 2016 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Jio Partners With Apple To Offer a Year of Complementary Service worth Rs.
18,000 To iPhone Buyers

BYLINE: Anand Karwa

LENGTH: 443  words


India's largest 4G network, Reliance Jio has now partnered with Apple to
increase the demand for its 4G VoLTE services. In case you have been living
under a rock, Jio 4G network was commercially launched on September 5, and
offers unlimited everything (voice and data) under the 'Jio Welcome Offer' till
31 December 2016. Owners of all 4G phones can get their free Jio SIM for
availing the benefits under this offer.

As per the latest announcement, Jio will offer free services to anyone
purchasing a new iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, and the
iPhone SE.

"Today's announcement brings together India's best premium 4G network with the
incredible iPhone experience," said Mathew Oommen, President of Jio.

The company also stated that it would be for the first time that the mobile
subscribers in India would be able to watch 300+ live TV channels, and have
buffer-free FaceTime and HD voice calling.

To be eligible for this complementary offer which will kick in from 1 January
2017, the customers will have to buy an iPhone from Reliance Digital, or Apple
Premium Resellers (APR), or Apple Authorized Resellers (AAR).

Jio's Mouth-watering Offer For iPhone Buyers

The 'Jio iPhone Offer' will be valid from 1 January 2017 and the iPhone buyers
will get the same benefits as Rs. 1,499 Jio Prepaid plan.

The iPhone users will not only get free and unlimited voice including STD and
while roaming, but will also get 20 GB monthly 4G data plus 40 GB WiFi data.
Other benefits include unlimited local and national SMS, 30 minutes of ISD calls
along with a rate cutter plan, and Rs. 1,250 worth of subscription to Jio apps.

To incentivize the purchases at its own stores, Jio is also offering its iPhone
customers Reliance Retail coupons worth Rs. 15,000. To motivate repeat
purchases, the buyers would also be offered 10% discount on their second
transaction at Reliance Retail stores.

iPhone Buyers Would Get The Best Of Jio Everywhere

The iPhone buyers would not only be able to enjoy home delivery and doorstep SIM
activation, but would also get "Express Priority Experience" at Jio stores.

On the other hand, the Enterprise customers would get an exclusive discount on
the above listed iPhone models along with special tariff plans.

It is worth noting that Airtel had announced extra 10 GB 3G or 4G data per month
valid for 12 months for all iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus on any Airtel Infinity
plan, but Jio has one-up this with its 'iPhone Offer'.

If you are planning to get yourself an iPhone, then which service provider would
you chose- Airtel for its reliable network or Jio for its wide-spread 4G
network?

TagsApple Iphone iPhone 7 Jio 4G Services JIO SIM

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 Trak.in, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             613 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Jet black iPhone 7 a red-hot seller;
Nearly 70% of online buyers picked black

BYLINE: Jon Swartz

SECTION: ; Pg. Z5

LENGTH: 303 words


Fifth People Avenue camp out store in in line New at the York City on Wednesday.

SAN FRANCISCO It's iPhone Friday, and the early buzz is jet black is, well, the
new black.

That shade of the new iPhone 7, and all models of the iPhone 7 Plus, sold out
during online pre-orders, according to Apple. Consumers can still order the new
smartphones online but might have to wait until November for some models.

As they have in past years, the biggest fans - or maybe those just seeking the
media spotlight - lined up hours and even days ahead at flagship stores in New
York, San Francisco and Sydney.

Apple's latest should rack up a healthy first weekend of sales, according to
financial analysts. Piper Jaffray's Gene Munster and Angelo Zino, a financial
analyst at S&P Global Market Intelligence, predict shipments of more than 13
million for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus this weekend, topping last year's
first weekend for iPhone 6S.

But the iPhone love could be short-lived: Zino anticipates a year-over-year
decline in quarterly iPhone sales in September (45 million vs. 48 million) and
December (70 million vs. 74.8 million), despite an extra week in September and
December because of the leap year.

"As the (10th-anniversary iPhone) nears, expect an air pocket in iPhone 7
sales," Zino says.

For now, however, Apple fans can't get their new iPhones fast enough.

In the first 48 hours of online availability, 55% of those who bought the new
model opted for the Plus.

Nearly 70% of iPhone 7 buyers chose models in black shades, according to a
report on purchase data released Thursday morning by market researcher Slice
Intelligence.

Anticipated demand for the water-resistant phones sent Apple shares up 3.4%
Thursday to $115.57, capping a four-day surge that has lifted the stock 12%.

DiBlasio Contributing: Brett Molina, Natalie

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             614 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              chroniclelive.co.uk

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 9:36 PM GMT

Take a look at the new Apple iPhone 7 as the technology giant unveils the latest
model;
Apple has announced it is to ditch the conventional headphone socket on the 11th
generation iPhone

BYLINE: By Will Metcalfe

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 285 words


Apple has unveiled the new iPhone 7 , having made the phone water resistant for
the first time and removed the headphone jack.

The tech giant's chief executive Tim Cook announced the phone at an event in San
Francisco, though a social media glitch saw the firm's Twitter account - only
recently activated - accidentally reveal the news early.

A new version of the Apple Watch, called the Series 2 and with greater focus on
health and exercise tracking, was also announced, including a special Nike+
version for runners.

The Watch, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will go on sale on September 16, with
pre-orders for the devices beginning on Friday.

Instead of the traditional headphone connection, iPhone packages will now come
with earphones that fit into the phone's Lighting port, currently used for
charging and data transfer.

However, Apple also revealed new wireless earphones, called AirPods, that will
connect to both iPhone and Apple Watch remotely.

An adaptor that enables traditional headphones to continue to plug into the
iPhone will also be included in the box.

The iPhone 7 has also had its camera completely redesigned, with a much-rumoured
second lens being added to the larger iPhone 7 Plus that will enable users to
capture more zoomed images without losing picture quality.

The lenses across the two phones now contain a 12 megapixel sensor.

Mr Cook said of the smartphone: "It has become the industry gold standard.

"iPhone is the phone by which all others are measured and it has become a
cultural phenomenon."

In July, the tech giant revealed it had sold the one billionth unit of the
device, while Mr Cook said the Apple Watch was now the world's second most
popular watch brand and most popular smartwatch.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBNEC


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             615 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          manchestereveningnews.co.uk

                       August 29, 2016 Monday 7:35 PM GMT

Apple send out media invites - could the iPhone 7 be on its way?;
The tagline says "see you on the 7th" but gives no other clues about what may be
launched

BYLINE: By Andrew Stuart

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 478 words


Apple has confirmed the date of its next big launch event where it is widely
expected to unveil the iPhone 7.

They've sent out media invitations for an event on September 7 - at the usual
time of 10am in San Francisco (6pm in the UK).

It's set to take place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium, but the invite for
journalists doesn't give many clues to what's going to happen - unlike normal.

It simply says "see you on the 7th" - which has led to speculation the iPhone 7
will indeed be launched.

The background of translucent coloured bubbles may relate to the rumour that
Apple is planning to bring in new coloured handsets.

Some people have also speculated they could be water droplets - pointing to a
possible waterproof iPhone.

Tech news sites and blogs have been posting rumour upon rumour about the new
iPhone for months. Leaks from what appear to be people involved in the
production of the iPhone have kept the interest up.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket.

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones.

The iPhone 7 is on the way - here's what to expect

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that it the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button, but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof. Smartphone rivals
like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling point
for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Earlier rumours suggested that the new handset will no longer come in a 16GB
model - but that the top-of-the-range iPhone will now offer 256GB of storage.

It's also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your phone will
get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7, suggesting Apple may be considering different colour options.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGMWNGMANC


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             616 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                South Wales Echo

                            September 9, 2016 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

APPLE'S SEVENTH HEAVEN;
IT'S IMPOSSIBLE FOR IT TO LIVE UP TO THE RIDICULOUS HYPE, BUT THE LATEST IPHONE
DOES MANAGE TO RAISE THE BAR EVEN HIGHER

BYLINE: Justin Connolly

SECTION: WHATS ON;FEATURES; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 619 words


THE pattern is the same every year - the iPhone hype bubble is blown up to
bursting point in the run up to the big reveal... and then it's decried as a big
let down when Apple finally shows its hand.

We're disappointed because we've convinced ourselves they're going to invent
something magical we can't even imagine. And then all they come up with is a
better phone.

It's frankly ridiculous. Because what Apple showed us this week with it's new
iPhone 7 and 7 Plus was a pair of devices that take already breathtakingly
brilliant bits of kit, and makes them better. A lot better.

So, peeling away the hyperbole, what did Apple boss Tim Cook and his pals really
show us this week? WELCOME TO A WIRELESS WORLD WE DON'T need a headphone jack
when we've got wireless headphones, do we? Not just any old wireless headphones,
though - Apple's new AirPods, when they hit the shelves next month, will likely
be wireless headphones done right - it was telling that Apple didn't say they
were Bluetooth headphones.

They look like they connect using some kind of specially-built wireless
technology which Apple thinks is better than Bluetooth. They will undoubtedly be
right.

The AirPods don't come with the new iPhone, though - you just get some wired
buds that connect to the phone using the lightning port - the phone has no
headphone jack.

Apple cleverly supplied an adapter so we can continue to use our regular
headphones if we want though. So people can't complain about it... too much.

MAGICAL MARIO IT WAS almost thrown away at the start of the event, but the fact
that Nintendo is making a Mario game for iOS is huge news.

Nintendo just don't make games that run on other people's hardware. Obviously,
they've cottoned onto the the fact that iOS is the world's biggest gaming
platform. Nintendo underlined that fact by sending video game god Shigeru
Miyamoto to make the announcement. The game will be called Super Mario Run and
is an endless runner in which Mario races to reach the flag at the end of the
level before the time limit runs out. There will be online multiplayer, and it
will be playable one-handed. Next up Zelda and Donkey Kong please.

CAMERA ACTION THE iPhone camera is a phenomenon, and it's no surprise that they
made it even better this year. The camera on the iPhone 7 is an upgrade on the
6S, while the iPhone 7 Plus gets an innovative dual-lens camera, one lens is
wide-angle, the other zoom.

This means two things - firstly, obviously, you can zoom 2x without using
software (so the image is of a better quality), but also that, using some kind
of software magic, you'll be able to take photos which reproduce the kind of
depth of field effect you can only get now from using a big DSLR.

A special portrait setting will, when an update is released next month, blur the
background of an image, making the subject pop.

WHEN AND HOW MUCH? YOU can order from September 9, and the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus
will ship on September 16. Prices: iPhone 7 - 32GB £599, 128GB £699, 256GB £799.
iPhone 7 Plus - 32GB £719, 128GB £819, 256GB £919. The AirPods will be out in
'late October' and will cost £159. iOS 10 and watchOS 3 will come out as a free
upgrade on September 13.

BITS AND PIECES PERFORMANCE is massively improved in the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.
There's a new chip - the A10. They say the new iPhone is 120 times faster than
the original iPhone. The new graphic capabilities will bring 'console level'
games to the phone too.

And pro apps like photo editors will also benefit from the new power. Battery
life is better, too. On average, an iPhone 7 will last two hours longer than an
iPhone 6S, while a 7 Plus will go for an hour longer than a 6S Plus. They say it
has the 'longest battery life of any iPhone ever'.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The new Apple AirPodsApple CEO Tim Cook shows the new Apple iPhone 7 to
performer Maddie Ziegler

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SWE


                    Copyright 2016 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             617 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Yourstory.in

                     October 5, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

The battle of the smartphones: iPhone vs. Pixel

BYLINE: Sanjana Ray

LENGTH: 687  words


The smartphone market evolves at the blink of an eye and the long-standing,
dominant players are getting ready to battle it out on the field. Keeping to the
trend of launching new and innovative products and services, Google recently
launched its new series of smartphones - Pixel. Marking a clear break from their
much sought-after Nexus series, the new range of Pixel phones have prospective
users excited about its highly advanced features - both internal and external -
that are sure to give its major opponents like Apple and Samsung the competition
of a lifetime.

The multi-billion dollar conglomerate has been releasing a series of new
products, which include Google Allo and Google Trips, which have the majority of
the market tilting towards its favour. But Apple is quick to keep up and release
its own set of products with modified features to lure these very same people
back into its lair. The flaming battle between Apple and Android loyalists has
led to many virtual showdowns, but the real question comes down to which of the
two's recent releases fares better in the market - the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus or
the Google Pixel?

Although we do not profess loyalty towards any one company over the other,
here's why we think that Apple's iPhone fares better than the Google Pixel.

Design

Although both the Google Pixel and the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus smartphones look
similar in terms of polishing, there are some factors in which the latter
outperforms the former. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have their home buttons at the
bottom of the front screen, and the iPhone 7 weighs a good 20 grams lighter than
the Pixel phone, making it lighter on the pocket (only literally). The new set
of iPhones comes in a variety of unique colours like Jet Black, Matte Black,
Silver, Gold and Rose Gold. The Pixel phones, on the other hand, appear only in
three shades - 'Quite Black', 'Very Silver' and 'Really Blue'.

Water resistance

The natural klutzes that we are, we often get caught in the rain with our phones
in our pockets, or we unconsciously place them on wet counter-tops, only to
realise this after some serious damage. Here, too, Apple traced consumer
behaviour and made the new series water-proof, sparing us the trouble of waiting
for hours and spending a fortune on getting our phones repaired at the service
store. However, Pixel does not offer the same luxury and offers no safeguard to
everyday damages to the smartphone.

Raw power

The iPhone 7 uses a superior A10 fusion processor that the company boasts of as
being "the most powerful chip ever used in a smartphone". According to various
benchmark tests, the A10 processor offers a significantly higher single-core
performance among its competition and a modestly enhanced multi-core
performance. With official records stating that this makes the iPhone 7 and 7
Plus twice as fast as the iPhone 6, the former seems to have an edge in the
market when it comes to raw power. In comparison, the Google Pixel carries a
Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 system-on-a-chip, which, though the company promises a
10 percent improvement in processing speed over the Snapdragon 820 that
smartphones like the One Plus 3 and the HTC 10 currently support, does not seem
to boast of the same core performance speed as the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Storage

The new set of iPhones offers a storage package of 32, 128 and 256 GB compared
to the earlier iPhones that began with the set of 16, 32 and 128 GB. In
comparison, the Google Pixel offers a storage package of 32 and 128 GB, tilting
the odds in favour of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, considering the vast amount of
data that everyday users are now privy to save on their devices.

Camera and updates

One of the primary selling features of the iPhone 7 Plus is that it offers a
dual-real-lens camera with a 12 megapixel wide-angle and telephoto features,
with an optical zoom of 2x and digital zoom up to 10x. Although Google Pixel too
offers a 12-megapixel rear camera and has the advantage of an 8-megapixel front
camera, compared to the iPhone's 7-megapixel, it boasts of no dual-lens feature
that has your everyday picture-lovers bouncing in their seats.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Yourstory.in, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             618 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 12, 2016 Monday 1:34 PM GMT

iPhone 7 launch: Fans queue up outside Apple Stores five days ahead of release
date;
The traditional queues are already appearing outside Apple Stores around the
world, ahead of the iPhone 7 release on Friday

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 424 words


The sight of people camping outside Apple Stores is nothing new. The queues have
been a feature of every iPhone launch since 2007.

However, reports that iPhone sales have peaked, and that the hype around Apple's
products is starting to dwindle, led some to doubt whether the lines would
materialise this year.

It seems that Apple needn't have worried - its magic fairy dust hasn't worn off
just yet.

Pictures have emerged today of queues already forming outside an Apple Store on
Kurfuerstendamm boulevard in Berlin, Germany.

iPhone 7: Release date, UK price, pictures, specs and key features of Apple's
new iPhone

Tents have been pitched on the pavement outside the shop, and several people
were pictured sitting in foldable chairs.

iPhone 7 goes on sale in the UK - but where are all the queues?

Similar scenes were captured outside Apple's flagship store in New York City,
where a line of people has already developed.

 Win an iPhone 7 as Apple launch new waterproof smartphone

According to Harvard Zhang, an intern at Bloomberg News, the first man in the
queue has been waiting since August 25 - long before the iPhone 7 was even
unveiled.

One of the spots outside the New York store is up for sale for $300, and some
Apple fans are even paying others to queue for them, with one "pro line-sitter"
in 11th place claiming to be paid $3,400 for a week.

If all this queuing sounds like far too much effort, one mobile network in New
Zealand is taking a different approach.

Spark, which will be selling the iPhone 7 from Friday, has announced that the
first 100 customers to pre-order Apple's iPhone 7 will be assigned their own
robot to wait in line for them.

Dubbed "Alpha 1", the mini bots are controlled by an app, and each carries its
own phone, allowing customers to virtually join the queue via Facetime.

The cute little bots can dance and work out to pass the time in the queue.
Unlike their human counterparts, they don't need tents, so cause a lot less
disruption on the street.

Apple unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco
last week.

While the devices look fairly similar to their predecessors, Apple has made a
number of intriguing changes to its tried-and-tested formula.

The headphone jack is gone , the phone is finally waterproof and there's also a
new colour - plus the larger 5.5-inch model has a dual-lens camera.

Of course, there's no real need to queue up outside shops. You can pre-order the
device from Apple, or one of the UK's many mobile operators, and pop out to
collect it or get it delivered on Friday.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             619 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

18 key takeaways from Apple's iPhone 7 launch event

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 740 words


Ending round-the-clock rumours that had sent the world of technology into a
tizzy for quite some time now, Apple on Wednesday unveiled its stunning iPhone 7
and iPhone 7 Plus along with next-generation 'Apple Watch Series 2' at the
jam-packed Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco. On stage, Apple made
much of the new design, Chief Design Officer of Apple Inc, Jony Ivy stressed
that the device has been painstakingly perfected to be as clean and beautiful as
possible, and on multiple occasion he called the new iPhone as 'the best iPhone'
ever made.

Here the key takeaways from Apple's iPhone 7 launch event:

1)In what has become an annual ritual, Apple unveiled two upgraded versions of
its flagship smartphone while keeping prices roughly the same.

2) Apple CEO Tim Cook said Apple Watch has topped rankings consistently.

(Image: The Apple iPhone7 and AirPods are displayed during an Apple media event
in San Francisco, California, US)

3) A total of 140 billion App Store downloads have happened so far.

4) 17 million Apple Music subscribers compared to 39 million for Spotify.

5) Apple iWork suite of software, including word processing, processing,
spreadsheet and presentation programs, will include real-time collaboration
features for the first time. It's something Google and Microsoft already offer
in some form. Although Apple's iWork package allows syncing through iCloud, it's
has been primarily for one person to work on documents at a time. The software
is available for iPhones, iPads and Mac computers, with a web version for
Windows users.

6) A Pokemon Go app is coming to Apple Watch. The app lets you collect items
from Pokestops, hatch eggs and alert you to nearby Pokemon (you still need your
phone to catch actual Pokemon). It will be shipping before the end of the year.

7) Apple made a splash by announcing jointly with Nintendo that "Super Mario
Run" -- featuring the iconic game character and developed specifically for
mobile -- will hit the App Store this year.

8) The upgraded Apple Watch will include water resistance to 50 meters and GPS,
to allow users to track a workout without bringing along a smartphone. Apple is
also introducing new designs including one co-branded with Nike aimed at runners
and new styles for its Hermes edition.

9) Apple Watch Series 2 will be priced at Rs 32,900 and will be available in
Gold, Rose Gold, Silver/Space Grey aluminium and Silver/Space Black stainless
steel colour options.

10) Apple Watch Nike+ edition announced. The Nike+ edition also has the same
price. However, the Ceramic edition of the Apple Watch Series 2 starts at a
hefty Rs 1,10,900.

11) Apple has sold over 1 billion iPhones.

12) The iPhone 7 is dust and water resistant. It adheres to IP67 rating. iPhone
7 has used robots to spin the aluminum bodies through sand to make it insanely
shiny. There will be a total of five colours including the new Jet Black
feature.

13) iPhone 7 has a 12 megapixel sensor that is 60% faster. iPhone 7 also has a
quad-LED flash with 50% light output, and can detect for the imperceptible
flickering of energy efficient lights. Each camera on iPhone 7 has a different
focal length, allowing users to pick between shooting photos with a wide-angle
or a telephoto lens. The iPhone 7 Plus will also be able to do some software
tricks using those two different focal lengths.

14) While Apple will allow consumers to use plug-in headsets, it also made a
further push for wireless with new "AirPods" and upgraded Beats headphones. Both
will use Apple's W1 chip and Class 1 Bluetooth wireless connectivity.

15) The new A10 64-bit quad-core CPU powers the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

16) Apple iPhone 7 starts at $649 (Rs 43,200 approx). Will be available in 32GB,
128GB and 256GB internal storage.

17) Apple is releasing a new mobile operating system called iOS 10, aimed at
working with the new hardware, on September 13, including upgrades to its maps
and news applications. A test version of the software, which helps accelerate
Apple's efforts in home automation, was released earlier this year.

18) Last but not the least, singer Sia helped conclude Apple's product launch
with a two-song performance. Her performance was theatrical, with plenty of
dancing and eye-catching costumes -- including an enormous bow. Choosing Sia
marks a cultural shift for Apple.

(Image: Singer Sia performs during an Apple media event in San Francisco,
California, US)wil

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             620 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                      August 16, 2016 Tuesday 10:36 AM EST

iPhone 7 release date may be a bit later than we thought

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 318  words


Click for image

Apple's highly anticipated iPhone 7 may be coming to stores a little bit later
than initially anticipated.

If you recall, reputed leaker Evan Blass published a tweet last month indicating
Apple's next-gen iPhone was slated to hit store shelves on Friday, Sept. 16.
This rumor was seemingly bolstered when Bloomberg indicated that Apple was
planning a special media event for Wednesday, Sept. 7.

But now comes word via 9to5Mac that Apple's iPhone 7 might arrive a bit later in
the month. According to a leaked memo purporting to come from an official AT&T
retail document, AT&T has two days pinned down for special merchandising resets:
Sept. 9 and Sept. 23. While certainly not conclusive and admittedly speculative,
this tends to suggest that pre-orders for the iPhone 7 may in fact begin on
Sept. 9, with shipments finally arriving two weeks later on Sept. 23.

While a two-week lag time between pre-orders and a new iPhone hitting store
shelves may seem a bit long, recall that the window between the iPhone 6s
opening up for pre-order and going on sale was 13 days. That being the case, a
14-day stretch isn't unheard of.

As to why Apple would release the iPhone 7 so late into September is anybody's
guess. Indeed, given how iPhone sales have experienced a bit of a lull over the
past few months, one would assume Apple would want to get the device out and in
as many hands as soon as possible.

Release date speculation aside, the iPhone 7 is said to feature a similar design
to what we've seen with Apple's iPhone 6 and 6s models. Some notable tweaks we
can expect to see on Apple's next-gen iPhone is the complete removal of the
traditional 3.5mm headphone jack and a stationary home button that vibrates when
pressed, thereby providing the illusion that the home button is mechanical.

With Sept. 7 fast approaching, we can expect an influx of more iPhone 7 leaks in
the weeks, if not days, ahead.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             621 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                          September 10, 2016 Saturday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Watch Series 2 go on pre-order in 29 countries

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 314 words


NEW DELHI: Apple's recently launched iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus smartphones
are now up for pre-orders in several countries across the globe. Both iPhone 7
and iPhone 7 Plus are now available for pre-order in Australia, Austria,
Belgium, Canada, China, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Ireland,
Italy, Japan, Luxembourg, Mexico, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal,
Puerto Rico, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, UAE, the UK, US
Virgin Islands and the US. The smartphones will go on sale in all these
countries on September 16.In the second phase, beginning September 23, the duo
will be available in Andorra, Bahrain, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria,
Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Estonia, Greece, Greenland, Guernsey, Hungary,
Iceland, Isle of Man, Jersey, Kosovo, Kuwait, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania,
Maldives, Malta, Monaco, Poland, Qatar, Romania, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Slovakia
and Slovenia.

In India users can get their hands on the devices starting October 7 at a base
price of Rs 60,000 . Apple Watch Series 2 too has gone up on pre-orders. The
countries for the smartwatch are same as those for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.
Users can choose the case+strap combination from the company website, the Apple
Watch Nike+ edition or the Apple Watch Series 2 with new Hermes straps, all in
different colours. Both the Watch Series 2 and Nike+ editions start from $369.
The Hermes version starts at $1,499.Apple Watch Series 2 runs watchOS 3 and is
powered by a new dual-core processor. It also sports a new GPU for better
graphics performance. As for the display, the second-generation wearable device
sports an OLED display that is claimed to be up to two times brighter than that
in the original Apple Watch. There's also a built-in GPS for better tracking of
distance covered while walking or running.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             622 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Shortage of iPhone 7s puts buyers on hold;
Some who have already paid will not get phones, mainly the jet black model,
today

BYLINE: Irene Tham

SECTION: HOME

LENGTH: 436 words


Not all iPhone 7 buyers in Singapore will receive their handsets today as Apple
has been hit by global supply delays, especially for the model called jet black.

The three local telcos - Singtel, StarHub and M1 - started contacting consumers
yesterday to notify them of the handset delay. Meanwhile, many customers who had
ordered and paid for the new phone started flooding the telcos' Facebook pages
and online forums like Hardwarezone with complaints.

This is the first time that the telcos are flagging a shortage even before a
phone has been officially launched here. A Singapore-based Apple spokesman said:
"During the online pre-order period, initial quantities of iPhone 7 Plus in all
finishes and iPhone 7 in jet black sold out and will not be available for
walk-in customers."

All three telcos acknowledged the squeeze. A Singtel spokesman said: "We have
been informed that stock for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in jet black in all
capacities will not be arriving on Sept 16 as planned."

Due to technical issues on Singtel's website on Wednesday, customers could order
the new iPhone only at 10am yesterday. By then, the telco had already informed
customers they could not order certain models.

StarHub and M1 - which had taken most of their customers' orders by Wednesday -
apologised for the delays.

A StarHub spokesman put the blame on a "last-minute change in iPhone 7
availability at the supplier's end".

Customers who had ordered the affected jet black and silver models were offered
another colour. They could also choose to wait but it is not clear when their
choice would become available.

An M1 spokesman said the telco will contact customers when there is stock for
the unavailable models. "Please be assured that we are working with Apple to
fulfil these outstanding orders as quickly as possible," he added.

Some customers asked for a refund, while others wondered when they could get
their handset.

One M1 customer going by the moniker James Koh JL, who had paid for a 256GB
silver iPhone 7 Plus, said: "Can I know what is the point of the pre-order'"

Project manager Raymond Cheng, 29, who ordered a 128GB jet black iPhone 7 Plus
from Apple's online store, understands that he would have to wait two or three
weeks for his phone. "I'm disappointed with the delay. But I can wait two to
three weeks."

Neither Apple nor the telcos would say how many customers were affected and when
they would get their handsets.

Mr Clement Teo, principal analyst at market research firm Ovum, said: "Everyone
along the supply chain underestimated the demand for the new iPhone, especially
the new jet black model."

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The iPhone 7 in jet black. Not all iPhone 7 buyers in Singapore will
receive their handsets today (Sept 16) as Apple has been hit by global supply
delays, especially for the model called jet black.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             623 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                     September 26, 2016 Monday 3:32 PM GMT

iPhone 7 owners 'drill holes for headphone socket' after prank video tip-off

BYLINE: Francesca Gillett

SECTION: WORLD

LENGTH: 421 words


A prank video showing how to drill a hole in the new iPhone to create a DIY
headphone socket has been viewed millions of times- leading some owners to
destroy their £600 phones.

The video jokingly claims it has a "secret hack" to make a headphone jack on the
new iPhone 7 model which was released earlier this month without the socket.

Ukranian prankster Taras Maksimuk, who goes by the name of TechRax, posted the
video on YouTube and it has since been watched by nearly 10 million people.

It shows a man clamping the phone into a vice before drilling a 3.5 mm hole into
the bottom left edge of the device.

The video suggests drilling into the second hole on the left reveals a hidden
socket.

It then shows music playing from the iPhone model - although the sound is
actually coming out of the speakers.

Read more

iPhone 7 has ditched the headphone jack - and Twitter isn't happy

But some ill-informed iPhone users have complained at Californian-based Ukranian
YouTuber Mr Maksimuk after following the video's advice.

One angry person messaged him to say: "AppleCare doesn't even cover that, thanks
a lot."

Apple's latest iPhone was the first model not to have a headphone socket and
instead only has the usual lightning port, used to connect the device to
computers.

Five things to know about the new iPhone 7

Mr Maksimuk self-styles himself as specialising in "smashing technology for your
pleasure".

He has so far posted seven separate videos showing him destroying iPhone 7s -
including microwaving the device and immersing it in liquid nitrogen.

But some hapless iPhone owners - who were likely to have paid £600 and upwards
for their new models - angrily commented on the YouTube video and have
complained to the YouTube star.

Read more

Apple iPhone 7 causes wireless headphones sales to soar

iPhone 7 launch date, UK release date and price revealed at Apple conference

Apple iOS 10 update causes problems for iPhone and iPad users

Someone called Sinus Plexus posted: "Help! Now my old headphones fit in but the
phone doesn't work anymore!"

Another angry owner commented: "My screen turned black the moment I started
drilling and now I can't even open it."

Adambsk8 said: "I followed all the steps you said and it won't even turn back
on. Do I gotta update it or download the headphone jack app?"

Legit people complaining to me about them drilling the iPhone 7 for a headphone
jack.

- Taras Maksimuk (@TechRax) September 24, 2016

Mr Maksimuk said on Twitter: "Legit people complaining to me about them drilling
the iPhone 7 for a headphone jack."

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2016 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             624 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple tests waters with new iPhone 7;
Waterproof iPhones run on fusion chips and second version of watch unveiled

BYLINE: Ciara O'Brien

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 344 words


New iPhones and the second version of the Apple Watch were among the new
products announced by Apple at its latest product launch.

The event, held in San Francisco, also featured some input from games company
Nintendo as it revealed a new Mario game, Super Mario Run, that will come to iOS
later in the year, and an app for Pokemon Go that works on the Apple Watch.

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, which feature a redesigned case,
improved camera technology and ditched the ubiquitous headphone jack in favour
of using the "lightning connector".

The event kicked off with Tim Cook and James Corden in a nod to Carpool Karaoke,
before Mr Cook took to the stage to begin the big reveal of what he described as
"the most advanced iPhone ever".

Better performance

The new waterproof iPhones run on the company's new A10 Fusion chip - that
offers better graphics performance and improved power efficiency - while Apple's
senior VP of marketing Phil Schiller promising it could bring console level
performance to the device.

"The new A10 Fusion chip will enable apps that were simply not possible in
mobile devices before," he said.

The camera took centre stage, with Apple keen to point out the improvements made
to both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus camera.

While the iPhone 7 includes an improved 12-megapixel, rear-facing camera,
six-element lens, wider aperture, quad-LED True Tone flash and an Apple designed
ISP, along with optical image stabilisation, the iPhone 7 Plus brought in the
dual camera as expected, combining a telephoto and a wide-angle lens.

The two cameras operate as one, bringing zoom and depth of field to the phone.

"We're not saying to throw out your DSLR," said Mr Schiller. "We are saying that
this is the best camera that we've made in an iPhone."

While much of the attention was on the new camera in the phones, Apple also
revealed it was pushing users to lightning connector headphones and wireless
headphones dubbed AirPods.

Apple will include an adapter in the box that will allow users to connect older
earphones to the iPhone 7.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             625 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                South Wales Echo

                             August 12, 2016 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Welcome to 7th heaven;
WITH APPLE SOON TO REVEAL ITS LATEST IPHONE, WE TAKE A LOOK AT WHAT WE CAN
EXPECT

SECTION: WHATS ON;FEATURES; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 659 words


WE ALL know that only one thing can excite the internet more than a Kardashian
derriÈre - and that's a new iPhone.

And while I can't claim to be up on Kim and co, I can tell you all there is to
know about the next phone from Apple - which could well be in your hands in a
little over a month.

Yes - the iPhone 7 is on the horizon, so now is as good a time as any to round
up the rumours and explore what delights Tim Cook and his pals from Cupertino
may have in store for us.

Here's what they're saying on the world wide web. Although remember - nobody but
Tim's inner circle know for sure if any of this is true...

DESIGN 'DISAPPOINTMENT' THE iPhone 7 will look very much like the iPhone 6S
(with perhaps fewer antenna bands on the back), so don't expect anything
groundbreaking. Lots of people will say that this means Apple is finished and
the phone will be a dud - but it'll sell like those hot cakes everyone's always
talking about.

It'll come in the 4.7in and 5.5in sizes currently available. Next year the
iPhone turns 10, and Apple will keep its design power dry this year for
something spectacular to mark that milestone.

The will look the 6S, run on CAMERAS AT THE DOUBLE THE iPhone 7 Plus will come
with a dual-lens rear camera that should produce much sharper images and perform
better in low light.

It may also be able to perform some kind of 3D scanning magic. The smaller
iPhone won't have this camera, though - just the one lens, but better than the
6S.

JACK IT IN THE iPhone 7 will have no headphone jack. So how will we listen to
our music? Apple will include headphones that attach to the phone via the
lightning port on the bottom, or will offer up wireless headphones that connect
to the phone using bluetooth (maybe even both).

This may mean that you will be able to charge the phone wirelessly (like the
Apple Watch), so you will still be able to charge the phone and listen to music
at the same time. There will be an adapter iPhone 7 a lot like and will iOS 10
available which will allow you to use your current headphones - but you will
have to pay extra for this, and people will be very angry about that.

WATER WORK THE iPhone 7 will be water resistant. Other smartphones can be
submerged 1.5m under water for 30 minutes and surface unscathed - if Apple isn't
looking to match that, it's going to look very silly indeed.

BUTTON FLUSH THE home button on both models will not be a 'real' button, and
will sit flush to the face of the phone.

It will employ sophisticated haptic feedback (also known as vibration) to make
it feel like the button clicks when you press it, but the button will not
actually move. The same technology is used in the trackpads of MacBooks.

FASTER AND LONGER IT ALMOST goes without saying that the iPhone 7 will feature
the next generation A10 chip from Apple and will be faster than the iPhone 6S.

It'll also have better battery life. Although perhaps not much better given the
improvements in the cameras.

GOING PRO THERE might be a third iPhone model called the iPhone Pro. It will
have a 5.5in screen, and will be the one that has the dual-lens (while the
regular 7 Plus will have the same single lens as the 7).

It will also feature a 'smart connector' (as seen on the iPad Pro), and support
the Apple Pencil.

An Apple Watch watchOS MAKE A DATE THE iPhone 7 will be revealed at a special
Apple event in San Fransisco on September 7, and will go on sale on September
16.

WATCH OUT FOR THE WATCH APPLE will reveal the Apple Watch 2.0 at the same event
- the current first-generation model is now two years old.

The new version will look similar to the current model, but will be faster and
will include a GPS radio and an improved barometer. Apple will go big on selling
the health and fitness elements of the watch.

running 3 SOFTWARE UPDATE WE'VE seen iOS 10 that will run on these new iPhones,
and watchOS 3 that will power the new watches. Expect the software to be
released at the same time as the new phones drop.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: An Apple Watch running watchOS 3The iPhone 7 will look a lot like the
6S, and will run on iOS 10Apple CEO Tim Cook, left, and his inner circle are the
only ones who know for sure what the iPhone 7will offer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SWE


                    Copyright 2016 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             626 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                          September 10, 2016 Saturday

Apple launches new iPhones, Airpods and more: All about India launch

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 770 words


NEW DELHI: The wait for Apple's new iPhones is over. Continuing its traditional
naming structure, Apple introduced the all-new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus at an
event in San Francisco earlier this week. The smartphones boasts of several
exciting new features and some upgrades too. Along with the latest iPhones, the
Cupertino giant also launched the second-generation of its smartwatch (Apple
Watch Series 2) and new range of earphones called AirPods.Wondering when will
all these gadgets reach Indian market?

Here's all you need to know about their India launch -- price, launch date and
more ... Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 PlusIndia launch: October 7Price: Starts at Rs
60,000Apple has not yet revealed the complete pricing details of its new
smartphones in India. The company, however, just said that the price of the
iPhones will start at Rs 60,000 in the country. This is likely to be the price
of the base iPhone 7 model with 32GB internal storage.The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus come in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB storage variants. The colour options
available are Silver, Gold, Rose Gold, Black and Jet Black. Of these, the Jet
Black colour variant comes only in 128GB and 256GB variants.Apple iPhone 7
features a 4.7-inch display with 3D touch, whereas the iPhone 7 Plus has a
5.5-inch Retina HD display with 3D touch. Both the smartphones are powered by a
new quad-core Apple A10 Fusion processor, which the company claims is 40% faster
that Apple A9 and it runs iOS 10.

Apple Watch Series 2India launch: October 7Price: Starts at Rs 32,900Apple also
launched the second-generation of its smartwatch dubbed Watch series 2. The
smartwatch comes in three variants (based on case material) -- Aluminium,
Stainless Steel and Ceramic White. The company has also introduced new straps in
collaboration with luxury fashion brand Hermes. Along with this, Apple also
worked with Nike to bring the Apple Watch Nike+ Edition . Targetted at fitness
freaks, the watch comes with an 'Advanced' mode. Boasting of perforated straps,
apparently for better ventilation and sweat management. The Nike+ edition Apple
Watch Series 2 will be available in four colours. Apple Watch Series 2 Ceramic
edition is the most expensive of the series priced at Rs 110,900.Apple Watch
Series 2 runs watchOS 3 and is powered by a new dual-core processor. It also
comes with new GPU for claimingly 2x better graphics performance than before. As
for the display, the new-gen wearable device sports a second-gen OLED display
that is claimed to be up to two times brighter than that in the original Apple
Watch. There's also built-in GPS for better tracking of distances, among other
features.Apple Watch Series 1India launch: October 7Price: Starts at Rs
23,900Apple has also rebranded its original Apple Watch as Watch Series 1 . The
Apple Watch Series 1 comes with a dual-core processor to ensure faster
performance. The company claims that the upgrade makes the Series 1 up to 50%
faster as compared to the original watch. All the other features of the series
1, such as the heart rate sensor, splash resistance and OLED Retina display with
Force Touch and others remain same. The watch promises to deliver 18 hours of
battery backup.AirPodsIndia launch: October 7Price: Starts at Rs 15,400Apple's
earphones called AirPods let users access the company's digital assistant Siri
by tapping gestures. Users can also change tracks and control volume by double
tapping on the device. The wireless headphones are powered by an ultra-low power
W1 chip designed by Apple. The chip lets AirPods deliver high-quality audio and
better battery life. Furthermore, there are optical sensors and accelerometers
in each irPod that can automatically sync when plugged into the ears. Removing
them automatically pauses the music, thus saving battery life. The AirPods are
compatible with all the devices running iOS 10, watchOS 3 and macOS Sierra.3.5
mm headphone jack adapterIndia launch: October 7Price: Starting at Rs 900The new
iPhone comes with EarPods with Lightning connector to deliver better sound, as
well as a 3.5 mm headphone jack adapter that allows customers to use old
headphones and accessories.Battery covers for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus India
launch: October 7Price: Starts at Rs 2,900Apple is also for the first time
introducing its complete range of accessories for iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. These
include silicone cases with a starting price of Rs 2,900; iPhone 7 Smart Battery
Case in Black and While colours priced at Rs 8,900; and Lightning Docks at Rs
3,700 (these come in several colour-matching metallic finishes).

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             627 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           September 23, 2016 Friday
                                 First Edition

Plus times two iPhone 7 Plus

SECTION: LIFE & LEISURE; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 847 words


An extra camera adds vast dimensions.

JOHN DAVIDSON|They say you should be careful what you wish for, because you just
might get it.

For the past two years, we've been writing that Apple should add features to its
big-screened phone, the iPhone Plus, that aren't in the regular iPhone, the same
way Samsung added a stylus and a whole handwriting and note-taking system to its
big-screened Galaxy Note.

The way we see it, you need to give customers some incentive for lugging around
a much bigger device over and above the inherent advantage of just having a
bigger screen.

And now Apple has gone and done just that with the iPhone 7 Plus, and we don't
know what to think of it. I mean, it's kind of good, right? But what about the
poor, long-suffering users of the regular iPhone? What about us?

What Apple has gone and done is added an extra camera. The Plus, which has a
5.5-inch display compared with the 4.7-inch display on the regular model, now
has two cameras on the back: one with an equivalent focal length of 28mm, just
like the camera on the regular iPhone 7, and one with an equivalent focal length
of 56mm.

I wouldn't exactly call the extra camera "telephoto" - a 56mm lens is a general
purpose lens, somewhere between wide-angle and telephoto - but its addition does
mean you can zoom in on scenes and expect results significantly better than if
you zoomed in digitally on an ordinary iPhone using the "pinch zoom", which
simply crops the photo and enlarges the bejesus out of it.

And I mean significantly better.

In our tests, there was a huge difference between an image shot while zoomed in
using the iPhone 7 Plus, and the same image taken using the iPhone's digital
zoom. Detail is vastly better on the Plus, as you would expect, and
image-processing artefacts such as JPEG mosquito noise are either invisible or
vastly less visible compared with the way they assault the eye on the regular
iPhone 7.

If you're someone who likes to zoom in using their phone camera (which we think
is a terrible idea, but whatever), the upgrade to an iPhone 7 Plus is possibly
even bigger than the upgrade from an iPhone 6s to an iPhone 7, which is itself a
huge step. The extra camera, which you can think of as an extra lens that
automatically appears whenever you need it, makes a vast difference.

And that would be fine if Apple had left it at that. Regular iPhone users could
always just walk closer to their subjects, the way nature and lens optics
intended, and not feel like they're missing out on too much.

But did Apple stop just there with the iPhone 7 Plus? Of course it did not.

Not only is that longer lens used when you are zoomed in, but Apple also says
it's put to use even when you're shooting zoomed out, at the 28mm focal length.
Remember, it's not just an extra lens: it's actually a second camera, one that
fires every time the wide-angle one fires.

One way it's put to use, according to Apple, is in the processing of images.
Apparently, detail that's captured using the longer lens is added into images
shot using the wider lens, meaning that, in theory, all photos shot with the
iPhone 7 Plus should be a little sharper in the centre than the same images shot
using the regular iPhone.

I'm saying "in theory" here because, in our tests shooting the same image with
both phones, that didn't really show up: the centre of the Plus images looked
the same as the centre of the non-Plus images.

It may be a feature that Apple is still working on, the way it's definitely
still working on another feature that the Plus will have: fake shallow focus.

When you have two cameras rather than one, you can start to calculate the 3D
depth of an image, and when you can do that, you can start to change the focus
of things in a photo, depending on how far away they are from the lens. What
that means is that Apple will soon be adding a feature to the iPhone 7 Plus that
lets you defocus the background of photos while maintaining the focus of
subjects in the foreground.

The lack of control over the "depth of field", as it's known, is one of the
biggest drawbacks of using the tiny image sensors in phone cameras. Everything
is in focus, sometimes making it hard for the viewer to know what they're
supposed to be looking at. Selectively altering the focus - faking a shallow
depth of field, as it were - is something a few phone makers have tried, and
Apple has promised to add to the iPhone 7 Plus in an upcoming update.

We haven't reviewed the technology properly, but we have seen photos that Apple
says were created using a beta version of the feature, and we have to say
they're very good. They're much better than all the other efforts we've seen
over the years; much better, even, than we were hoping.

Shallow-focused portraits are more or less the holy grail of phone photography.
If Apple pulls it off properly, it will be huge.

Indeed, it will be too big to belong to just one phone. Why give the Plus an
awesome feature like that and not give it to the regular iPhone 7? It doesn't
seem fair. What are we non-Plus users supposed to call our phones now? The
iPhone Minus? L&L

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Likes New camera is great already and will be better when more features
are added Dislikes Body is oversized relative to screen size. Still no
expandable storage Price From $1269 for 32GB model to $1569 for 256GB model

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             628 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  News Tonight

                       June 11, 2016 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Bloomberg reveals how Intel and Qualcomm will divide iPhone 7 modem orders

BYLINE: Sonwabile Makoni

LENGTH: 200  words


In a recent report, Bloomberg has revealed how the orders for LTE and Wi-Fi
modems for Apple's iPhone 7 smartphones will be divided between Intel and
Qualcomm.



The Bloomberg report comes against the backdrop of multiple rumors that, while
Qualcomm is the existing supplier of LTE and Wi-Fi modems for iPhones, a
fraction of LTE and Wi-Fi modems for iPhone 7 will be supplied by Intel as well.


According to the Bloomberg report, LTE and Wi-Fi modems for iPhone 7 models for
AT&T will be supplied by Intel. In addition, Intel modems will also be used in
some other iPhone 7 versions sold in other countries.

On the other hand, the iPhone 7 models for Verizon will be equipped with LTE and
Wi-Fi modems supplied by Qualcomm. Furthermore, Qualcomm modems will also be
reserved for all the iPhone 7 models aimed at the Chinese market.

Meanwhile, going by the rumors, the Intel modem which Apple will use in iPhone 7
series will be the XMM 7360 LTE modem, with theoretical download and upload
speeds of up to 450 Mbps and 100 Mbps respectively. The Qualcomm modem for
iPhone 7 series will likely be the X12 modem, which will boast theoretical
download and upload speeds of up to 600 Mbps and 150 Mbps respectively.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2016 S. G. Infotech Enterprises Pvt. Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             629 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             hollywoodreporter.com

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Apple Introduces iPhone 7 With No Headphone Jack

BYLINE: Natalie Jarvey

SECTION: NEWS; TAG

LENGTH: 245  words


Apple is doing away with the headphone jack on its new iPhone.


The tech giant on Wednesday revealed its latest mobile device, the iPhone 7,
during its semi-annual product event in San Francisco. And, as was expected, the
new phone is missing one standard feature: the headphone jack. Instead, owners
of the new iPhone will need to connect over the lightning connector, the same
port where the iPhone's charger plugs in.


Apple also has introduced a new set of ear buds, called AirPods, that connect
wirelessly and will retail for $160.


Apple CEO Tim Cook announced the iPhone onstage, reminding the audience that
Apple has sold more than 1 billion iPhones since the device was first introduced
in 2007.


Apple is calling the iPhone 7 a major design change from previous devices. The
newly water-resistant device even comes in a new finish, the high-gloss jet
black.


The iPhone 7 also comes with a new camera that Apple is calling "the best camera
we've ever made." And the larger iPhone 7 Plus will have two megapixel cameras,
one wide angle and one telephoto, that creates a zoom feature built into the
iPhone.


The reveal came during an announcement-heavy presentation from Apple executives
that kicked off with Cook riding shotgun with James Corden for "Carpool
Karaoke." The company also updated the audience on Apple Music, which now has 17
million subscribers, and introduced a waterproof Apple Watch, the Series 2.


The iPhone 7 starts at $649 for 32 gigabytes of storage.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: ONLINE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                    Copyright 2016 VNU Business Media, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             630 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  The DQ Week

                               September 12, 2016

Rashi Peripherals all set to distribute the new iPhone 7 & iPhone 7 Plus in
India soon

BYLINE: DQW Bureau

LENGTH: 104  words


Rashi Peripherals, the leading IT & mobile distributors in India is all geared
up to distribute the new iPhone smart phones - iPhone 7 & iPhone 7 plus in India
from October 7, 2016 i.e. Friday. The finest and most advanced iPhone will be
featuring innovative camera systems, the best battery life and water/dust
resistance.

Rashi Peripherals, the national authorized distributor commented, "The smart
phones will be available at over 1000 retail locations across India." The
arrival of iPhone 7 & iPhone 7 Plus was much anticipated globally. This
announcement will further help iPhone in capturing more market share in India.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 The DQ Week, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             631 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 17, 2016 Saturday 10:50 AM GMT

People who were most excited about the new iPhone 7 are now 'absolutely fuming';

They've been massively let down - and aren't afraid to say it

BYLINE: By Nicola Oakley

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 516 words


The build-up to the release of the iPhone 7 has been palpable.

After Apple held a conference in San Francisco to announce all the amazing new
features, some people couldn't wait to get their hands on a brand new phone.

Wireless headphones, you say? Dual-lens camera? And it won't die if we drop it
down the toilet?

Some people were so eager to get an iPhone 7, they pre-ordered handsets for
delivery on the day of the release - which was yesterday, in case you didn't
know.

But it seems that didn't quite go to plan and they've been left absolutely
fuming because their deliveries have been delayed.

Some customers have got themselves prepared to meet their new phone only to
learn on the day that they're facing a THREE-WEEK wait.

And they're really not very happy about it...

The phone is definitely proving that Apple isn't past its sell-by-date.

They've ALREADY sold out of the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus.

The gigantic US company has said that customers heading down to the Apple store
on launch day yesterday would be able to place an order, but couldn't buy a
phone there and then.

iPhone 7 goes on sale in the UK - but where are all the queues?

"We sincerely appreciate our customers' patience as we work hard to get the new
iPhone into the hands of everyone who wants one as quickly as possible," Apple
spokeswoman Trudy Muller said in a statement.

Apple boss Tim Cook says the iPhone 7's new wireless 'AirPods' won't fall out of
your ears

Launched last week in San Francisco, the iPhone 7 Plus has a new dual-lens
camera that helps capture better pictures.

iPhone 7: Release date, UK price, pictures, specs and key features of Apple's
new iPhone

It's Apple's first smartphone to offer to feature two rear cameras instead of
one, each with 12MP sensors: one standard wide angle 12MP lens alongside another
new telephoto lens.

Apple has redesigned its emojis in iOS 10 and people are kicking off

The 12-megapixel camera includes optical image stabilisation and a larger f/1.8
aperture and 6-element lens - enabling brighter, more detailed photos and
videos, and a wide colour capture.

The heartache doesn't end there for Apple fans, though. The company also dropped
the bombshell that the regular iPhone 7 won't be available with in the new "jet
black" colour.

Apparently the new glossy finish has also proved to be a bestseller and stocks
have all been snapped up.

Although you might not be too fussed about that, given that even Apple has said
the jet black version will scratch easily .

Still, it shows the demand for the new gadgets is sky-high. And a quick word of
warning - Apple is only speaking about its own retail stores. Other high street
shops may have different levels of stock - so it's worth looking around if
you're desperate to get your hands on one.

Earlier this year sales of the iPhone dropped for the first time leading some
analysts to question whether Apple had reached its peak.

iOS 10 tips and tricks: These 10 hidden features will make your iPhone even more
useful

The US company has also made clear that it will not release first-weekend sales
figures of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             632 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

The next big things! All you need to know about the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2

BYLINE: Hitesh Raj Bhagat & Karan Bajaj

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 1163 words


Now that we are on the date for Apple's major launch event, we can round up
everything we've heard about the latest products. You probably know that the big
showcase will be the next iPhone, but there's likely to be a refresh to the
Apple Watch as well.

iPhone 7 & 7 Plus

Design

At the outset, both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 plus are expected to appear largely
the same as their predecessors with a few subtle changes. The biggest one being
the placement of antenna bands: aligned along the top and bottom instead of the
bands going across the back of the phone. This will give the phone a cleaner
look and make it easier for case design.

The Biggest Improvement - Cameras

This is where the biggest change will be - even the invite for the event seems
to suggest enhanced capabilities with low depth of field, like an SLR camera.
The iPhone 7 is rumored to get optical image stabilization and a larger sensor
with f1.9 aperture (this would make the camera protrude more) but worth it for
improved imaging capabilities. The iPhone 7 Plus is rumored to get a dual 12MP
camera setup along with optical image stabilization and f1.9 aperture. The dual
lenses might enable a 2 or 3x optical zoom and various effects like shallow
depth of field.

No more 3.5mm Jack

The analog 3.5mm jack has probably lived its life. We've seen many drop it
already so there won't be too many raised eyebrows when Apple does it too. You
will have to use the Lightning port for wired headphones - a couple of Lightning
earphones have already been launched in India ahead of the iPhone launch. There
could also be a Lightning to 3.5mm adapter in the box or available as an
accessory.

Hardware Upgrades

The iPhone 7 and 7 plus are expected to be powered by the more powerful Apple
A10 processor and paired with either 2GB or 3GB RAM (depending on version). Even
the GPU should get a major upgrade on the phones to be able to meet the demand
of games, 4K video and image/video editing apps. Considering that the year-old
iPhone 6S still manages to beat many current flagships when it comes to outright
performance, the A10 should be a real cracker, widening the performance lead
even further.

Finally - More Storage

It's almost a given that the 16GB iPhone will be a thing of the past. We've
heard that Apple will ditch the 16GB storage option on both iPhone variants
after years of complaints from users. The 16GB storage did tend to get filled up
rather quickly. In fact, Apple could double the storage across the board, which
means that the storage options this year could be be 32GB, 128GB and 256GB.
Sadly, the possibility of expandable storage will continue to remain a dream.

Display

We don't expect any changes in the display sizes and resolutions for the iPhone
7 (4.7-inch) and iPhone 7 plus(5.5-inch). This is logical and ties in with
Apple's philosophy of keeping fragmentation down. Keeping the screen/resolution
the same means that apps will continue to work as seamlessly as before. Some
rumours suggest amoled panels for the iPhone 7 (and a 2K resolution for the
iPhone 7 Plus) but we think it's more likely that the amoled (or mLED) panel
will only appear in the iPhone 8 next year.

A New Kind of Home Button?

A common complaint about iPhone is the dead home button - and it does tend to
fail, considering the number of times it gets clicked in a day. To get around
this issue, Apple could do away with the hardware home button, replacing it for
a pressure sensitive, capacitive touch based home button and fingerprint sensor
(it will wake up and unlock the phone as well as double up as home button).

Possibly WaterProof?

The rumors of removal of 3.5mm jack and home button point to the possibility of
the new devices having enhanced water resistance. While they are not expected to
be IP68 certified for 'proper' waterproofing, it is rumored that both variants
will have IPX7 rating for water resistance (this means they would be capable of
handling accidental water exposure, up to a depth of 1 meter).

A New Smart Connector

According to some leaks, Apple could integrate a smart connector (seen on the
iPad Pro) on the iPhone 7 Plus or a separate higher-end phone called iPhone 7
Pro. A smart connector doesn't add bulk or compromise water proofing but it can
supply power and enable data transfer for various accessories. One of the first
accessories you could see would be the smart keyboard (an official accessory for
the iPad Pro at present).

Price & Availability

The Apple event is fixed for today. The phone is expected to go on sale in the
United States as early as the second week of September. We expect that it will
arrive in India soon - possibly the first wave of launches, placing the launch
in early October, to cash-in on Diwali festivities. We think that prices could
start from `50,000 for the iPhone 7 32GB version while the iPhone 7 Plus 32GB
could start at Rs 60,000.

Apple Watch 2

Two Versions?

The Apple Watch is distinctive but it doesn't appeal much to purists who love
the classic round design. There is a possibility that Apple may launch two
versions of the Apple

The OLED display on Apple Watch is already pretty good, but any mobile device
could do with some improvements. In 2014, Apple purchased a company called
Lux-Vue Technology - they specialize in micro LED (mLED) display technology -
think of it like the next evolution of OLED. Like OLED, mLED does not need a
backlight (which means the display has infinite contrast) but it's also thinner,
way more power efficient and can get much brighter.

Enhanced Waterproofing

The existing Apple Watch is water resistant of course, but you couldn't wear one
while swimming. This is an obvious area of improvement and something that would
open up the Watch to fitness and adventure sports enthusiasts as well.

Larger Battery

The easiest way to get better battery life is to include a larger battery at the
expense of added bulk. However, if the other components could be shrunk, the
battery could be made larger. This, combined with a more efficient screen could
mean a 2 to 3 day battery. Bands with More Functionality Safe to assume we'll
see some new designs and there's a possibility of 'authorised' third party
bands. One of the interesting possibilities is an extended battery band. There
is a lot of wasted space on a band which can be used for batteries.

Lesser Reliance on iPhone

The new Watch might have more independence & be able to access internet using
WiFi on its own. Some rumours have also hinted at the possibility of the Watch
having its own cellular radio and its own SIM card slot - though we consider
this unlikely.

Compatibility with Android

This is least likely and that's a shame. Android & iOS make up most of the
smartphone market globally (majority Android). And after all, Android Wear
watches work on both iOS and Android. The potential market opens up considerably
- which is important because IDC recently reported that the global smartwatch
market saw a year-on-year decline of 32%.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             633 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Telegraph (Australia)

                            September 9, 2016 Friday
                               Telegraph Edition

No port in a storm: Apple's new ear-a

BYLINE: Rod Chester

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 499  words


THE reaction to the Apple iPhone launch yesterday was a double whammy: great new
extra camera but shame about the headphone jack.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took the helm at Apple's biggest launch of the year,
unveiling a new model iPhone and Apple Watch which are both faster, smarter and,
at last, waterproof.

The timing of the iPhone event is perfect for Apple, coming just days after
Samsung was forced to recall its Note7 after reports of the phone bursting into
flames while charging.

Technology analyst Jan Dawson, of Jackdaw Research, called the dual-lens camera
in the iPhone 7 Plus the "headline" of the event.

This is the first iPhone to have two rear 12 megapixel cameras, that gives the
iPhone 7 Plus a 2x optical zoom and the ability to mimic the shallow depth of
field effect you typically get when shooting pictures with a DSLR.

Mr Dawson said the dual lens camera, which is only available in the bigger
Plus-sized iPhone, would boost sales of the 5.5-inch iPhone.

One of the biggest selling points of the new camera, apart from the zoom, is the
blurred backgrounds the iPhone 7 Plus will do when shooting portraits - but only
after Apple releases a software update later this year.

Mr Dawson said Apple had work to do in selling its message, with a negative
reaction on social media to the news that Apple had ditched the 3.5mm audio jack
which would force people to connect their headphones through the Lightning port
or switch to wireless headphones that need regular charging.

While Apple will ship an adaptor with the new iPhone that will let people
connect existing headphones through the Lightning port, the downside of that
connection is that you will not be able to use wired headphones while charging
your iPhone 7.

It's not the first time Apple has killed a technology with a new product. When
it launched the iMac it offered lots of colours but no disk drive and it cut the
optical drive when it launched the MacBook Air.

Apple also released the second version of the Apple Watch. Waterproof for 50m,
the Apple Watch Series 2 has built-in GPS and can be used to track calorie burn
while swimming.

The iPhone 7 starts at $1079 and the iPhone 7 Plus at $1269. Preorders will open
today and it goes on sale next Friday. The Apple Watch Series 2 begins at $520
and goes on sale next Friday.

*Rod Chester travelled to San Francisco as a guest of Apple.

iPhone 7: WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW Water resistance: IP67 rating means they'll
survive in 1m of water for 30 min. Upgrades:A faster chip, brighter screen,
stereo sound but no headphone jack. Old headphones will work with adapter
(below).

Better camera:The 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus has dual cameras: one 12 megapixel
camera with a wide angle and a 12 megapixel camera with a 2x telephone. A
software update will add a portrait mode to the iPhone 7 plus, letting you take
DSLR-style portraits with a shallow depth of field.Apple Watch:The 2nd gen Apple
Watch Series 2 has GPS, is water resistant to 50m and will track calorie burning
while swimming.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Telegraph


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             634 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                                  Home Edition

Apple's little tweaks may be just enough;
IPhone 7 upgrades, new watch may spur sales

BYLINE: Tracey Lien

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part C; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 965 words


Apple didn't wow at its annual product event in San Francisco on Wednesday. No
groundbreaking products, no last-minute surprises and nothing the rumor mill
hadn't already predicted. But what it did announce was enough to tide over
investors and consumers, according to technology industry analysts.

The company has traditionally unveiled a new iPhone every September, and
Wednesday was no different. The tech giant showed off the iPhone 7, its latest
flagship smartphone. It also announced a new Apple Watch, named the Apple Watch
Series 2; a new Apple Watch operating system called WatchOS 3; and wireless
Bluetooth earphones called AirPods.

The new phones resemble the iPhone 6S and the iPhone 6S Plus, and will be
available with 32GB, 128GB and 256GB of storage. The company has added two new
colors to the iPhone lineup: a high-gloss jet black and a matte black. The
iPhone 7 starts at $649; the Plus starts at $769. Both go on sale Sept. 16.

Though the iPhone 7 lacks major exterior changes -- there's no bigger screen and
the device isn't any thinner -- analysts described it as a solid upgrade.

"Apple introduced some compelling features in this new phone, which should help
spur upgrades," said Daniel Ives, senior vice president of finance and corporate
development at mobile tech company Synchronous Technologies. "[It] could turn
the tide after the softness seen from the 6S cycle."

For the latest phone, Apple has overhauled what's under the hood, giving the
iPhone 7 an A10 Fusion chip with a four-core processor, two of which are high
performance cores and two of which are high-efficiency cores. The result is a
phone that's 40% faster than the iPhone 6S. Its graphics processor is 50% faster
than its predecessor's, and it boasts an additional two hours of battery life
compared with the iPhone 6S.

There are big changes for photo enthusiasts too. Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus
have cameras with optical image stabilizers to reduce blur from shaky hands, a
six-element f/1.8 aperture lens, and an overhauled flash featuring four LED
lights. On the iPhone 7 Plus, two 12 megapixel cameras -- one with a wide-angle
lens, another with a telephoto lens -- will offer users greater range, more
artistic freedom and higher-quality photos in low light. The cameras will also
allow for "bokeh," that recognizable out-of-focus effect.

"The camera was the biggest upgrade, [and] I believe the new 7 Plus camera could
be a true game changer as I can argue it now competes with entry DSLRS," said
Patrick Moorhead, an analyst at Moor Insights and Strategy.

Apple has made the phone dust and water resistant, and added a second speaker to
the exterior. Now there's one on the top and one on the bottom, making the phone
twice as loud as its predecessor.

But to make space, Apple nixed the 3.5-mm audio jack.

In announcing the elimination of the audio jack, Apple executive Phil Schiller
said that the existing analog port was "ancient," and that a compact digital
device such as the iPhone couldn't afford to waste real estate on it.

The iPhone 7 will come with a pair of wired earphones that plug into the
iPhone's proprietary lightning port, and an adapter that works with wired
headphones. The company's ultimate goal, though, is to transition consumers to
completely wireless earphones.

Cue AirPods, a pair of Bluetooth-enabled earphones that go on sale in October
for $159. The AirPod earpieces resemble Apple's wired earbuds and fit snugly
into a dental floss-sized charging box. The Pods get five hours of play on a
single charge, and the charging box holds as much as 25 hours of juice. They
also come with a built-in W1 chip, sensors and microphone.

The AirPods will work with other Bluetooth-enabled devices, but will have to be
paired manually.

Beats, the Apple-owned headphone maker, will also release its own line of
wireless headphones and earphones with the W1 chip built in.

The Apple Watch also received an upgrade, with the company announcing a new
model that is water resistant to 50 meters. The watch's speaker, previously a
place where water could enter and damage the watch, has been redesigned to eject
water.

In addition to being faster and having a clearer and brighter display than the
original Apple Watch, the Series 2 will also come with built-in GPS. That's a
boon for runners and cyclists who were skeptical of the first version of the
Apple Watch, which offered limited fitness-tracking features when out of range
of an iPhone. A new running model designed in collaboration with Nike shows how
seriously Apple is courting the endurance sports market.

Also coming to the watch: Pokemon Go. The game is expected to launch on the
watch before the end of the year with fitness-tracking features such as distance
walked, but players will still need to pull out their phone to catch a Pokemon.

After dipping its toes into mobile gaming this year with Pokemon Go and Miitomo,
Nintendo also made an appearance at Apple's news conference Wednesday to
announce that it was bringing a Super Mario game to iPhones, named "Super Mario
Run." The game will be available during the holidays. The news sent U.S.-traded
shares in Nintendo up 28.8% to $36.32.

The Apple Watch Series 2 will go on sale next week starting at $369. The
original Apple Watch will be discounted and starts at $269.

The iPhone 7 may not have been revolutionary, but analysts believe that there's
enough to encourage existing customers to upgrade their phones and even convert
some Android users, which might ultimately curb Apple's declining sales.

Analysts such as Ives predict that the upgrades introduced are laying the
groundwork for future phones too.

The iPhone 7 "should set the stage for a more transformational release in 2017,"
Ives said.

Apple shares rose 0.6% to $108.36 on Wednesday.

--

tracey.lien@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: APPLE CEO Tim Cook announces the new iPhone 7 during an event
with no surprises Wednesday in San Francisco. Also announced was the Apple Watch
Series 2 and operating system WatchOS 3.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Marcio Jose Sanchez
Associated Press PHOTO: PHIL SCHILLER, Apple's senior vice president of global
marketing, talks about features of the iPhone 7 at the launch event in San
Francisco.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Stephen Lam Getty Images GRAPHIC: Features of the
iPhone 7  CREDIT: Los Angeles Times

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Infographic

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             635 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                          September 17, 2016 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Fans queue out at store to get hands on a new iPhone

BYLINE: Katie Dickinson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 407 words


DOZENS of keen customers queued outside Eldon Square's Apple store to get their
hands on the new iPhone 7 in Newcastle.

The latest iPhones, which were announced last week in San Francisco, come in a
black, and for the first time, "jet black" finish Apple warned on Thursday that
initial stocks of the iPhone 7 Plus had already sold out the day before launch
day, while the jet black iPhone 7 would also not be available to walk-in
customers. The queue of eager shoppers outside Apple Eldon Square was largely
made up of those who had reserved a spot to pick up a preordered device.

Graeme Dougal, 42, from Newcastle, was among those who queued early outside the
store.

He said: "I'm excited about the new features. I'm a software developer so I'll
be interested to see the new apps."

And Lauren Ord, 21, had left home in Seaham, County Durham, at 8am to get her
hands on the new flagship smartphone.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will both come in two new black finishes and are water
resistant for the first time.

Apple caused controversy when announcing the iPhone 7 after it revealed the new
devices would no longer have a headphone jack, instead asking customers to
connect headphones via the "Lightning" connector, or use wireless headsets.

The new larger model also comes with an dual lens camera capable of all kinds of
photographic wizardry.

The iPhone 7 is available from a starting price of £599 for the cheapest 32GB
option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a
whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus is even more of a wallet-buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

A new version of the Apple Watch, called the Series 2, also went on sale
yesterday.

The Apple Watch Series 2 looks very similar to the company's first edition
Watch, with a square face.

However, while the first Apple Watch was splash-proof, the second edition Series
2 is swim-proof - completely water resistant to a depth of 50m, in both swimming
pools and open water.

The Watch Series 2 also features a second-generation display that's two times
brighter, which Apple say will make all the difference when wearers are outside
in the sun.

To ensure workouts are more accurate, the Watch Series 2 has built-in GPS, which
connects to satellites instantly, and even means that a route map will show your
varying speeds.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The new camera on the iPhone 7, which was launched in the region
yesterday

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2016 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             636 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      September 5, 2016 Monday 3:50 PM GMT

Why Apple's decision to remove the iPhone 7's headphone jack might be a GOOD
thing;
If Apple's rumoured decision of no headphone jack in the new iPhone is true,
will there be iPhone 7 wireless headphones or bluetooth headphones instead?

BYLINE: By Rhiannon Williams

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 538 words


If the rumours turn out to be true, and the iPhone 7 launches today at the Apple
2016 event without a headphone jack, some Apple fans are bound to be
disappointed.

The 3.5mm socket has been used as the default audio connector on the vast
majority of electronic devices - from computers to game consoles - since the
1960s.

Now Apple supposedly wants to shake things up by forcing customers to either use
headphones that plug into the Lightning port, which is currently used for
charging, or wireless headphones, which connect to the iPhone via Bluetooth.

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 launch event?
Everything you need to know

Given that millions of iPhone owners around the world currently use wired
headphones, it's a potentially risky move, but one that Apple evidently has
confidence in.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone

Some rumours suggest that Apple is planning to bundle the iPhone 7 with new
wired EarPods that use a Lightning connector, while others claim the phone will
launch with wireless headphones, or "AirPods" .

There has also been some suggestion that the new iPhone will come with a
Lightning-to-audio adaptor, so you will still be able to use your regular wired
headphones - though these things are easy to lose.

While the move may seem like a travesty to anyone who has forked out for
expensive headphones in the past, there may be method to Apple's madness.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

Recent tests by MacRumours found that headphones connected via the Lightning
port provided better sound quality than those via the standard headphone jack.

This is down to the limited size of the 3.5mm headphone jack, meaning sound
quality suffers as a result of a smaller, less expensive amp and inbuilt
digital-to-analogue music converter (DAC).

Lightning connector headphones contain their own amp and DAC, putting the
manufacturer in charge of the audio quality.

When does the iPhone 7 come out? Launch date CONFIRMED for Apple's new
smartphone

However, there's little doubt that headphones that plug into the Lightning port
would offer significantly better audio quality than wireless ones.

The 8-pin Lightning connector can handle more data than Bluetooth, which is what
counts when your headphones decode audio signals digitally, according to
TechRadar .

Dr Kevin Currie, senior member of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics
Engineers, told the website that the most advanced version of Bluetooth
available can only transfer data at a maximum of 25Mbps - or 3.25 megabytes per
second.

The Lightning port, he says, can transmit information at a rate of 480Mbps - or
around 60 megabytes per second - for far superior audio quality.

iPhone 7 last-minute leak claims Apple's new iPhone will come in five colours
and include one killer feature for photo fanatics

That means, if you care about audio quality, and you have to choose between
wired headphones that use the Lightning connector and wireless ones that use
Bluetooth, you should go for the wired ones.

You may even find they're better than your old ones with a traditional audio
jack.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             637 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      September 5, 2016 Monday 3:50 PM GMT

Why Apple's decision to remove the iPhone 7's headphone jack might be a GOOD
thing;
If Apple's rumoured decision of no headphone jack in the new iPhone is true,
will there be iPhone 7 EarPods, wireless headphones or bluetooth headphones
instead?

BYLINE: By Rhiannon Williams

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 538 words


If the rumours turn out to be true, and the iPhone 7 launches today at the Apple
2016 event without a headphone jack, some Apple fans are bound to be
disappointed.

The 3.5mm socket has been used as the default audio connector on the vast
majority of electronic devices - from computers to game consoles - since the
1960s.

Now Apple supposedly wants to shake things up by forcing customers to either use
headphones that plug into the Lightning port, which is currently used for
charging, or wireless headphones, which connect to the iPhone via Bluetooth.

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 launch event?
Everything you need to know

Given that millions of iPhone owners around the world currently use wired
headphones, it's a potentially risky move, but one that Apple evidently has
confidence in.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone

Some rumours suggest that Apple is planning to bundle the iPhone 7 with new
wired EarPods that use a Lightning connector, while others claim the phone will
launch with wireless headphones, or "AirPods" .

There has also been some suggestion that the new iPhone will come with a
Lightning-to-audio adaptor, so you will still be able to use your regular wired
headphones - though these things are easy to lose.

While the move may seem like a travesty to anyone who has forked out for
expensive headphones in the past, there may be method to Apple's madness.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

Recent tests by MacRumours found that headphones connected via the Lightning
port provided better sound quality than those via the standard headphone jack.

This is down to the limited size of the 3.5mm headphone jack, meaning sound
quality suffers as a result of a smaller, less expensive amp and inbuilt
digital-to-analogue music converter (DAC).

Lightning connector headphones contain their own amp and DAC, putting the
manufacturer in charge of the audio quality.

When does the iPhone 7 come out? Launch date CONFIRMED for Apple's new
smartphone

However, there's little doubt that headphones that plug into the Lightning port
would offer significantly better audio quality than wireless ones.

The 8-pin Lightning connector can handle more data than Bluetooth, which is what
counts when your headphones decode audio signals digitally, according to
TechRadar .

Dr Kevin Currie, senior member of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics
Engineers, told the website that the most advanced version of Bluetooth
available can only transfer data at a maximum of 25Mbps - or 3.25 megabytes per
second.

The Lightning port, he says, can transmit information at a rate of 480Mbps - or
around 60 megabytes per second - for far superior audio quality.

iPhone 7 last-minute leak claims Apple's new iPhone will come in five colours
and include one killer feature for photo fanatics

That means, if you care about audio quality, and you have to choose between
wired headphones that use the Lightning connector and wireless ones that use
Bluetooth, you should go for the wired ones.

You may even find they're better than your old ones with a traditional audio
jack.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             638 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               MediAvataarME.com

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Will Smartphone Owners Line Up for Apple's iPhone 7? Many might hold out for the
iPhone 8

BYLINE: shnehasish@yahoo.co.in (MediavataarMe News Desk)

LENGTH: 677  words


Smartphone owners worldwide camp out for days to get their hands on Apple's
latest iPhone model, but the release of the iPhone 7 may not be as anticipated
as previous models have been. Lack of new features is one of the main reasons
why excitement has waned. Most are also likely waiting for the iPhone 8, which
will be released next year on the iPhone's 10th anniversary--and is expected to
be significantly different and worth the upgrade.

This year, 90.1 million people in the US will own an iPhone and use the device
at least monthly, eMarketer estimates. That amounts to 43.5% of all smartphone
users in the country--a share that ticked slightly up this year, but remains
behind Android's 52.0% of the user base.

When Apple reported a decline in Q2 revenues in April--for the first time in 13
years--the release of the iPhone 7 was certainly top-of-mind. But it seems
iPhone owners are on the fence about buying the newest model. According to
research from Branding Brand, which builds mobile commerce sites and apps for
retailers, 51% of respondents said they would trade in their current iPhone for
the latest model. Interestingly, however, nearly the same percentage said they
would not.

"Apple customers have been hesitant to upgrade their smartphones this year,"
said Chris Mason, co-founder and CEO of Branding Brand. "In March, there was
high anticipation that Apple would launch its newest generation of iPhones, but
the 4-inch iPhone SE felt like a step back for consumers that enjoy more
innovative Apple products."

US iPhone Users, 2014-2016 (millions, % change and % of total smartphone users)

The new model's features include dual cameras (reported only to be offered in
the iPhone 7 Plus), no headphone jack, a pressure-sensitive home button and the
latest iOS 10 software. In all, not a drastic change from the iPhone 6, iPhone 6
Plus and iPhone SE. According to Branding Brand, only 12% of US iPhone owners
said they were most interested in the removed headphone jack feature, which is
supposed to make the device thinner. Less than a third of respondents said they
were most interested in iOS 10, the latest software which will make Apple's
iMessages more visual.

Given the lack of features the iPhone 7 will boast, smartphone owners will
likely wait to upgrade. And in general, most do wait to get new handsets rather
than upgrading anytime a new model comes out. June 2016 data from ad tech firm
Fluent found that a strong majority of smartphone users wait two years or longer
to upgrade their device. Since major wireless providers have gotten rid of
contracts--which came with discounted-upgrade privileges--smartphone owners are
waiting longer than two years to shell out money for the full price of their
device.

But that's not the only reason smartphone owners may be hesitant. Apple has some
tough competition out there, including Samsung, which has seen success with its
Galaxy devices--despite the recent official recall (because of an exploding
battery issue) of its Note 7 device. The manufacturer is expected to pay around
$1 billion to replace 2.5 million devices shipped since launch.

Frequency with Which US Smartphone Owners Purchase a New Smartphone, by Gender
and OS, June 2016 (% of respondents in each group)

Overall, Samsung has been outpacing Apple in global shipments, but trails in the
US. A survey from International Data Corp. (IDC) indicated that Samsung ships
more smartphones each quarter than any other manufacturer in the world. For
example, in Q2 of this year, Samsung shipped 77.0 million smartphones around the
world. To compare, Apple shipped 40.4 million.

Nonetheless, Apple is worth more. Samsung is worth roughly $210 billion, while
Apple is worth twice as much--well over $500 billion. And in the US, more than
43% of smartphones in the hands of US consumers were Apple devices, a comScore
Mobile Metrix study revealed.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/434/1381/54/147324462560.jpg

Will Smartphone Owners Line Up for Apple's iPhone 7? Many might hold out for the
iPhone 8

http://imgs.syndigate.info/434/1381/97/147324462738.jpg



LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1381


                       Copyright 2016 World of Media JLT
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             639 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The National

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple's iPhone 7 is not the revolution it needs

BYLINE: Peter Nowak

LENGTH: 681  words


Peter Nowak

While it would be foolish to say that the iPhone 7 is a make-it-or-break-it
product for Apple, there is a lot riding on it.

After two successive quarters of sales declines, the first in the product's
history, Apple needs to right the ship in a bad way. With the iPhone generating
more than half of its revenue and profit and with no obvious big new products in
the pipeline, the company can ill afford a continuing downward trend.

Unfortunately, it doesn't look like the iPhone 7 is going to set things right.
Unveiled at a press event in San Francisco on Wednesday, the iPhone 7 and its
larger iPhone 7 Plus cousin are iterative additions to the lineup at best and
potentially off-putting to consumers at worst.

The new devices, available from September 17 in 28 countries including the UAE,
pack the expected incremental improvements in processor speed, battery life and
storage space, but they're light on new whiz-bang features.

A redesigned home button replaces the need to click with "taptic" feedback while
an improved camera pro mises better pictures. The best new feature, a second
telephoto lens that will enable true optic zoom, is available only on the bigger
and more expensive iPhone 7 Plus.

The new devices are also water and dust-resistant and finally have stereo
speakers, but none of the additions are what anyone would call groundbreaking or
must-have.

On the other hand, Apple's other big move - the decision to eliminate the iPhone
's 35-millimetre headphone jack in favour of connecting earphones either
wirelessly or through its Lightning port - is drawing hostility and could turn
potential buyers off.

Critics are questioning why the company is replacing a decades-old standard that
works just fine with a proprietary measure that offers no discernible benefits.
If consumers want to use existing earphones and audio accessories with the
iPhone 7, they'll need an inelegant adapter or have to repurchase all those
devices in the new, compatible format.

Apple didn't do itself any favours in its justification on Wednesday, with head
of marketing Phil Schiller saying it was merely motivated by "the courage to
move on to do something that betters all of us". There was a collective virtual
eye-roll among people following the event on Twitter.

Apple's new wireless earphones, dubbed AirPods, are also provoking derision. The
US$169 earphones, which resemble miniature hair dryers, are taking fire for
being expensive, silly looking when worn, and likely prone to getting lost on
account of their small size and - ironically - their lack of a cord.

Nevertheless, Apple could experience a sales rebound with the iPhone 7 thanks to
some good timing.

The company had record sales two years ago when it launched the iPhone 6 and 6
Plus, mainly thanks to the devices' larger screen sizes. The duo were the first
to stretch beyond four inches, which was enough to tap into the demand built by
steady growth in the size of competing Android phones.

With wireless carriers in many countries typically subsidising the upfront cost
of new smartphones in exchange for two-year contracts, a large cohort of iPhone
6 customers will now be coming up for renewal.

Many are therefore already in the mindset to consider upgrading to something
new. The question is how many of them will find enough appeal in the iPhone 7 to
do so.

Given that, it's a safe bet that this year's iPhone will do better than last
year's, but probably not as well as the iPhone 6 two years ago.

In some ways, Apple could end up a victim of its own success. The iPhone is a
lot like a Toyota car in that it retains its value over time and keeps working
longer than many of its rivals. That good-enough longevity might convince buyers
to sit out the iPhone 7 and wait for the next one.

And the next one, next year, will mark the 10th anniversary of the iPhone. Many
analysts are expecting Apple to pull out something big for the occasion, which
is yet another reason why consumers may decide to skip the iPhone 7.

Peter Nowak is a veteran technology writer and the author of Humans 3.0: The
Upgrading of the Species

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 818


                     Copyright 2016 Abu Dhabi Media Company
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             640 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      October 30, 2015 Friday 5:40 PM GMT

iPhone 7: UK release date, price, news and rumours - everything about Apple's
next phone;
Apple's iPhone 6s may only be a few months old, but there's already plenty of
speculation on what 2016's model will bring

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 635 words


The Apple iPhone 6s was, as we all expected, a massive hit for the world's most
valuable company.

Apple tinkered and changed a few things for its newest smartphone, introducing
cool new features like 3D touch and Live pictures.

But it doesn't take long for the technology world to start speculating on what
the next iteration will bring.

Mere months after Apple's big event in San Francisco, internet rumours are
already starting to circulate about an upcoming iPhone 7.

We've gathered together all the latest news and rumours into one place and will
continue to update this as we learn more.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design.

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones.

Screen size is perhaps the most contentious issue.

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews, Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6s - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here, plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             641 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Mirror Publications

                          September 10, 2016 Saturday
                                Ahmedabad Mirror

iPhone 7 ditches headphone jack, 7 Plus adds dual cameras

SECTION: SCITECH

LENGTH: 602 words


Apple's latest smartphones - iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus - will be available in
India from October 7 at a starting price of Rs 60,000, the US-based technology
giant has said, while for the first time confirming the India pricing of the
gadgets at the launch event itself. The highly-anticipated new iPhones with
advancements such as stereo speakers, water and dust resistance technology, and
wireless headphones were launched by Apple CEO Tim Cook at in San Francisco
early this week. As widely speculated, Apple also introduced AirPods, wireless
headphones for the new phone.

In addition, Apple has eliminated the standard headphone jack; wired earphones
will now connect to the phone's Lightning port, which is also used for charging.
The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in more than 25 countries
beginning September 16 and the products will be available in India beginning
October 7. The iPhone 7, with a 4.7 inch display, will start at $649, while the
5.5 inch iPhone7 Plus will cost $769 and up. The models will be available in
silver, gold, rose gold and black in 32 GB, 128 GB and 256 GB configurations. A
new jet black finish will only be available in 128 GB and 256 GB options.

The starting price for the iPhone 7 in India is Rs 60,000 for the 32 GB iPhone
model in India. Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing Philip
Schiller said Apple has inculcated the advanced A10 Fusion chip in the new
phones, "the most powerful chip on any smartphone while delivering the best
battery life ever in an iPhone, and an entirely new stereo speaker system
provides twice the sound, all within the first water and dust resistant iPhone".

The phones will also have an improved home button that lets users perform
different tasks by varying how hard they press it, the company said. Apple has
also introduced the next generation of its smartwatch, called Apple Watch Series
2, which has been equipped with fitness and health capabilities including a
water resistance 50 meter rating for swimming, built-in GPS, dual- core
processor. The company also announced a tie-up with sports giant Nike for its
watches and the Apple Watch Nike+ will be available to order beginning September
9, with availability in late October for India. In India, the Apple Watch Nike+
will be available in 38 mm size at Rs 32,900, and in 42mm at Rs 34,900.

The new phones will come with the earpods with Lightning connector as well as a
3.5 mm headphone jack adaptor that will allow customers to use old headphones
and accessories. Apple said AirPods, which can be synced with various Apple
devices, will eliminate the hassles of normal headphones and its "advanced
sensors know when you are listening and automatically play and pause your
music". AirPods will include a charging case and will be available for Rs 15,400
in late October. The new iPhones comes with a 12-megapixel camera which includes
optical image stabilisation, a larger aperture and 6-element lens.

The iPhone 7 Plus also packs a second 12- megapixel telephoto camera at the
back. The two cameras combine to offer 2x optical zoom and up to 10x digital
zoom for photos. For selfies, the iPhone 7 now comes with a 7- megapixel
FaceTime HD camera. Apple also announced launch of the latest version of its
operating system, calling iOS 10 the "biggest release ever of the world's most
advanced mobile operating system". The new phones will come with iOS 10, which
introduces an update to Messages, the ability for its virtual assistant Siri to
do more by working with apps, and new ways to interact with redesigned apps.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             642 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The National

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Peter Nowak: Apple's iPhone 7 is not the revolution it needs

BYLINE: Peter Nowak

LENGTH: 685  words


Peter Nowak

While it would be foolish to say that the iPhone 7 is a make-it-or-break-it
product for Apple, there is a lot riding on it.

After two successive quarters of sales declines, the first in the product's
history, Apple needs to right the ship in a bad way. With the iPhone generating
more than half of its revenue and profit and with no obvious big new products in
the pipeline, the company can ill afford a continuing downward trend.

Unfortunately, it doesn't look like the iPhone 7 is going to set things right.
Unveiled at a press event in San Francisco on Wednesday, the iPhone 7 and its
larger iPhone 7 Plus cousin are iterative additions to the lineup at best and
potentially off-putting to consumers at worst.

The new devices, available from September 17 in 28 countries including the UAE,
pack the expected incremental improvements in processor speed, battery life and
storage space, but they're light on new whiz-bang features.

A redesigned home button replaces the need to click with "taptic" feedback while
an improved camera promises better pictures. The best new feature, a second
telephoto lens that will enable true optic zoom, is available only on the bigger
and more expensive iPhone 7 Plus.

The new devices are also water and dust-resistant and finally have stereo
speakers, but none of the additions are what anyone would call groundbreaking or
must-have.

On the other hand, Apple's other big move - the decision to eliminate the iPhone
's 35-millimetre headphone jack in favour of connecting earphones either
wirelessly or through its Lightning port - is drawing hostility and could turn
potential buyers off.

Critics are questioning why the company is replacing a decades-old standard that
works just fine with a proprietary measure that offers no discernible benefits.
If consumers want to use existing earphones and audio accessories with the
iPhone 7, they'll need an inelegant adapter or have to repurchase all those
devices in the new, compatible format.

Apple didn't do itself any favours in its justification on Wednesday, with head
of marketing Phil Schiller saying it was merely motivated by "the courage to
move on to do something that betters all of us". There was a collective virtual
eye-roll among people following the event on Twitter.

Apple's new wireless earphones, dubbed AirPods, are also provoking derision. The
US$169 earphones, which resemble miniature hair dryers, are taking fire for
being expensive, silly looking when worn, and likely prone to getting lost on
account of their small size and - ironically - their lack of a cord.

Nevertheless, Apple could experience a sales rebound with the iPhone 7 thanks to
some good timing.

The company had record sales two years ago when it launched the iPhone 6 and 6
Plus, mainly thanks to the devices' larger screen sizes. The duo were the first
to stretch beyond four inches, which was enough to tap into the demand built by
steady growth in the size of competing Android phones.

With wireless carriers in many countries typically subsidising the upfront cost
of new smartphones in exchange for two-year contracts, a large cohort of iPhone
6 customers will now be coming up for renewal.

Many are therefore already in the mindset to consider upgrading to something
new. The question is how many of them will find enough appeal in the iPhone 7 to
do so.

Given that, it's a safe bet that this year's iPhone will do better than last
year's, but probably not as well as the iPhone 6 two years ago.

In some ways, Apple could end up a victim of its own success. The iPhone is a
lot like a Toyota car in that it retains its value over time and keeps working
longer than many of its rivals. That good-enough longevity might convince buyers
to sit out the iPhone 7 and wait for the next one.

And the next one, next year, will mark the 10th anniversary of the iPhone. Many
analysts are expecting Apple to pull out something big for the occasion, which
is yet another reason why consumers may decide to skip the iPhone 7.

Peter Nowak is a veteran technology writer and the author of Humans 3.0: The
Upgrading of the Species.

business@thenational.ae

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 818


                     Copyright 2016 Abu Dhabi Media Company
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             643 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                     October 22, 2016 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Report: Intel modems in new iPhones provide poorer Internet connections than
Qualcomm modems

BYLINE: Bruce Totolos

LENGTH: 232  words


According to a technical report released recently by analyst firm Cellular
Insights, iPhone 7 Plus handsets equipped with Intel modems are providing
drastically poorer Internet connections on the handsets as compared to the units
equipped with Qualcomm modems.

The report comes against the backdrop of complaints from some users of Apple's
latest iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus handsets in the UK -- where the handsets went
on sale in September -- that they were witnessing performance drops,
specifically in terms of signal quality and strength while making calls.

With Apple having signed up both Intel and Qualcomm to supply modems for the
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus handsets, Cellular Insights has revealed in its
report that Qualcomm modems in the new iPhones apparently offer a 30 percent
better performance than Intel modems.

Incidentally, as per the report, the performance drop issue in the new iPhones
largely affects the users of the iPhone 7 Plus handset in the UK, because those
units are equipped with Intel modems.

In the new iPhone units for the US, China and Japan markets, Apple has used the
more tried and trusted modems manufactured by Qualcomm.

About Apple's move to use Intel and Qualcomm modems for its new iPhones,
Cellular Insights said in its report: "We are not sure what was the main reason
behind Apple's decision to source two different modem suppliers for the newest
iPhone."

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             644 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Apple iPhone 7 launch today; From price, specs to features, here's absolutely
everything you want find out;
Apple iPhone 7 launch: With Samsung Galaxy Note 7 hit by a massive recall in the
face of its exploding smartphones, Apple iPhone 7 has received an unintended
booster shot just ahead of its surmised launch.-- Delivered by Feed43 service

BYLINE: FE Online

LENGTH: 731  words


Apple iPhone 7 launch: With Samsung Galaxy Note 7 hit by a massive recall in the
face of its exploding smartphones, Apple iPhone 7 has received an unintended
booster shot just ahead of its surmised launch. There is an Apple event for
which media invites have been sent and it is for the 7th of September - it
carries this legend: 'See you on the 7th'. It acquires significance simply
because what has been speculated about is the launch of the iPhone 7. Whether
this has any link with it or not, is totally unclear, but social media is surely
abuzz. Apple itself has been battling a lot of negatives in the recent past as
its older phones sales are slowing down and needs a big pick-me-up to restore
its lost marketshare and fall in sales. So, check out here what the expectations
are for the mega event on Wednesday.

The Apple mega event will be held Wednesday, September 7, at 10 am local time at
the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium, San Francisco. To ensure a wider public can
tune in, Apple will live stream the event on it's website. There is much
speculation about what the invite itself is all about. From colour of the iPhone
7s to their water-proof status, all of them have been speculated about, but the
photo itself is quite clean of clues except the colourful out-of-focus circles
that are a bit transparent. So guess on, till tomorrow at least and read on as
well look to clear the fog.

One of the hottest topics regarding the iPhone 7 has been about the smartphone's
water-proof status. To be able to get that perfect, the handset may well have
had to sacrifice its headphone socket/jack system - the weakest link of the
phone regarding the elements and nasty spills. That also means Apple may provide
Bluetooth-enabled headphones. Will it up the tech and go farther than that is
unclear.

As far as the iPhone 7 price is concerned, since it is a hugely premium phone
and is unlikely to come cheap. In fact, it is most probably going to be very
pricey indeed. The most recent Samsung Galaxy Note 7 was priced at $891. The
iPhone 7 is likely to get a price point around $600 for the low-end handset and
over $1200 for the top end smartphone. The phone may be a little more expensive
as Apple looks to charge a premium just because it is Apple.

A waterproof iPhone is very much on the cards as rivals have already fielded
theirs in most markets. While water-proof phones are not the strongest selling
points, after all how many people will drop their phones into water or take them
along scuba diving? Still, a technology that has already been trotted out by
rivals, it will have to be matched by Apple.

As far as iPhone specs and features are concerned, speculation has written an
obituary for the 16GB model. Now, with users looking to save virtually
everything they do on their handsets, from photos, videos, music to all kinds of
personal daily-use data points, the need for a basic 32GB gadget is widely
expected.

Apple iPhones have come in for a lot of flak regarding their cameras. Rival
companies have stolen the thunder in this regard and the US co is expected to
steal a march on them this time around. The invite itself is lending itself to
rumours as the circles in the photo showcase effects that only some really high
end cameras can achieve. Also, in ads that have been running for long, Apple has
been promoting its cameras' achievements when clearly they were not the best on
offer. perhaps, the company was preparing the ground for such an eventuality.
Rumours also have it that the new iPhone will pack dual cameras.

Another feature that might see the light of day on an iPhone is the fast
charging battery. Since this is arguably the best premium handset of them all, a
battery that charges the way an ordinary phone does is clearly a loss-making
proposition. People just doesn't have the time for anything these days that
takes more than two shakes of a cat's tail, and if the tech is not up to date
with their pace of life, then it will not enter into their buying vision.

From the standout plain white or black iPhones that Steve Jobs set out to sell,
Apple has become quite a colourful company, perhaps jarringly so. With this new
flagship smartphone, the company may just stick to its rainbow colours. Again,
the invite itself is hinting at a number of colours from blue, red, yellow,
white and more. Also, each colour may well have different specs to go with it.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             645 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Sunday Independent (South Africa)

                               September 18, 2016
                                   E1 Edition

A short history of everything iPhone

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 399 words


Apple's new iPhone 7 isn't a major upgrade on the previous version, despite its
various updates and features - and the well-flagged news that the smartphone has
no headphone jack. That said, the iPhone has been a game-changer. It helped
Apple become the world's most valuable company and has swept aside many a rival
device over its lifespan, contributing to the decline of household names from
BlackBerry to Nokia. Here's a look at its evolution over the years.

Introducing the iPhone

The first model arrives in 2007, ushering in the era of smartphones. While other
devices had featured touchscreens, Apple's was the first to package the
technology so that it worked seamlessly.

iPhone 3G

The first upgrade, with 3G offering faster wireless connections. The new App
Store is a key element in enhancing the capabilities of the device.

iPhone 3GS

The iPhone 3GS in 2009 isn't a major upgrade, offering only marginal
improvements in speed.

iPhone 4

The iPhone 4, which comes out in 2010, is Apple's first radical redesign of the
device. The launch also results in Antennagate: The design of the case leads to
some dropped calls and forces the company to offer free antenna bands to
mitigate the problem.

iPhone 4S

The iPhone 4S is another minor upgrade, helping to solve the antenna issue and
boosting performance.

iPhone 5

The iPhone 5 in 2012 marks Apple's move to bigger screens and is a hit with
consumers, delivering rapid revenue growth for Apple.

iPhone 5C and 5S

The iPhone 5S upgrade isn't a surprise. It's the introduction of the more
affordable iPhone 5C that raises eyebrows; designed to appeal to emerging
markets, it doesn't prove to be a big hit.

iPhone 6 and 6 Plus

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in 2014 is the right move at the right time. The bigger
smartphones wow customers in Asia and put Apple into the top spot in China.

iPhone 6S

The upgrade doesn't change much - a bit faster, a bit better.

iPhone SE

Earlier this year, Apple surprises by reviving the iPhone 5's size and shape in
the form of the iPhone SE. A cheaper, mid-range phone, it sells better than
expected in places such as Latin America, but isn't enough to reverse a revenue
decline.

iPhone 7 and 7 Plus

The iPhone 7 is a break from Apple's two-year upgrade cycle, with the size and
shape almost unchanged from its predecessor. It sports a better camera, faster
performance and, in a new twist, gets rid of the headphone jack. - Bloomberg

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SI


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             646 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Sunday Tribune (South Africa)

                               September 18, 2016
                                   E1 Edition

A short history of everything iPhone

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 393 words


Apple's new iPhone 7 isn't a major upgrade on the previous version, despite its
various updates and features - and the well-flagged news that the smartphone has
no headphone jack. That said, the iPhone has been a game-changer. It helped
Apple become the world's most valuable company and has swept aside many a rival
device, contributing to the decline of household names from BlackBerry to Nokia.
Here's a look at its evolution.

Introducing the iPhone

The first model arrives in 2007, ushering in the era of smartphones. While other
devices had featured touchscreens, Apple's was the first to package the
technology so that it worked seamlessly.

iPhone 3G

The first upgrade, with 3G offering faster wireless connections. The new App
Store is a key element in enhancing the capabilities of the device.

iPhone 3GS

The iPhone 3GS in 2009 isn't a major upgrade, offering only marginal
improvements in speed.

iPhone 4

The iPhone 4, which comes out in 2010, is Apple's first radical redesign of the
device. The launch also results in Antennagate: The design of the case leads to
some dropped calls and forces the company to offer free antenna bands to
mitigate the problem.

iPhone 4S

The iPhone 4S is another minor upgrade, helping to solve the antenna issue and
boosting performance.

iPhone 5

The iPhone 5 in 2012 marks Apple's move to bigger screens and is a hit with
consumers, delivering rapid revenue growth for Apple.

iPhone 5C and 5S

The iPhone 5S upgrade isn't a surprise. It's the introduction of the more
affordable iPhone 5C that raises eyebrows; designed to appeal to emerging
markets, it doesn't prove to be a big hit.

iPhone 6 and 6 Plus

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in 2014 is the right move at the right time. The bigger
smartphones wow customers in Asia and put Apple into the top spot in China.

iPhone 6S

The upgrade doesn't change much - a bit faster, a bit better.

iPhone SE

Earlier this year, Apple surprises by reviving the iPhone 5's size and shape in
the form of the iPhone SE. A cheaper, mid-range phone, it sells better than
expected in places such as Latin America, but isn't enough to reverse a revenue
decline.

iPhone 7 and 7 Plus

The iPhone 7 is a break from Apple's two-year upgrade cycle, with the size and
shape almost unchanged from its predecessor. It sports a better camera, faster
performance and, in a new twist, gets rid of the headphone jack. - Bloomberg

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NT


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             647 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                          September 10, 2016 Saturday

Online rush sees new iPhone 7 sell out in minutes

BYLINE: Josh Ye

SECTION: /EDITORIAL/CONTENT/SCMP/NEWS/CITY; nws hongkong 01.pgl; Consumer
Affairs; Pg.4

LENGTH: 463 words


All iPhone 7 Plus models in Hong Kong sold out in less than 10 minutes after
pre-ordering was made available to the public at 3.08pm yesterday, boosting
local dealers' confidence in Apple's latest ­offering.


Meanwhile, Hong Kong ­airlines are yet to respond to Samsung's exploding battery
recall, which is widely expected to strengthen sales of the new ­iPhone.


The jet-black iPhone 7 Plus models were the first to sell out at 3.13pm, and all
iPhone 7 Plus models were sold out about four minutes later.


At 3.21pm, the regular jet-black iPhone 7 was also sold out and customers who
placed orders for the other regular models were told they would face a lengthy
wait to receive their ­devices.


Those who managed to place an early order will receive their phones in three to
four weeks, ­according to the Apple Store. Later buyers have to wait until
November.


Local secondary market ­dealers were feeling more bullish about the new models,
given the fervour during the pre-ordering.


"I think we can trade this early batch of iPhones for an extra ­­HK$ 3,000 a
piece," Lau Chi-kong, owner of G-World Mobile at Sin Tat Plaza at Mong Kok,
said.


He said the jet-black iPhone 7 Plus' popularity was expected.


On Thursday, the day before the iPhone was made available for pre-order, Lau was
sceptical over the pricing of the device and said retail margins were likely to
be about HK$2,000. The marked price of an iPhone 7 Plus with 128GB storage is
HK$7,388.


Gary Yiu, who runs I Generation at Sin Tat Plaza, said dealers might even be
able to trade for HK$4,000 above retail price with limited supplies of the
phone.


"There are very few iPhones in this first batch," Yiu said, adding that most
dealers expected very few units in the first batch.


The merchants believed the new iPhones would sell well given their established
fanbase and ­despite receiving a lukewarm reception from tech experts. It is not
known how many have sold so far.


It's expected that with ­the Samsung recall of its Galaxy Note 7 over recurring
exploding battery problems, sales of the iPhone 7 could strengthen.


The Samsung recall has led to Singapore Airlines and three Australian airlines -
Qantas Airways, Jetstar Airways and ­Virgin Australia - banning ­passengers from
using the phones during flights.


The US Federal Aviation ­Administration also advised ­passengers not to turn on
or charge their Samsung Galaxy Note 7 during flights or stow them in checked
baggage.


In Hong Kong, local airlines have yet to say if they intend to follow their
peers, with the industry watchdog Civil Aviation Department (CAD) allowing them
to make their own decisions. The CAD, which informed Hong Kong airlines of the
US Federal Aviation Administration's advice, said it is monitoring the matter.


Additional reporting by Alice Woodhouse.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             648 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Manchester Evening News

                          September 10, 2016 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

APPLE'S SEVENTH HEAVEN;
IT'S IMPOSSIBLE FOR IT TO LIVE UP TO THE RIDICULOUS HYPE, BUT THE LATEST IPHONE
DOES MANAGE TO RAISE THE BAR EVEN HIGHER

BYLINE: Justin Connolly

SECTION: SATURDAY EXTRA;FEATURES; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 618 words


THE pattern is the same every year - the iPhone hype bubble is blown up to
bursting point in the run up to the big reveal... and then it's decried as a big
let down when Apple finally shows its hand.

We're disappointed because we've convinced ourselves they're going to invent
something magical we can't even imagine. And then all they come up with is a
better phone.

It's frankly ridiculous. Because what Apple showed us this week with it's new
iPhone 7 and 7 Plus was a pair of devices that take already breathtakingly
brilliant bits of kit, and makes them better. A lot better.

So, peeling away the hyperbole, what did Apple boss Tim Cook and his pals really
show us this week? WELCOME TO A WIRELESS WORLD WE DON'T need a headphone jack
when we've got wireless headphones, do we? Not just any old wireless headphones,
though - Apple's new AirPods, when they hit the shelves next month, will likely
be wireless headphones done right - it was telling that Apple didn't say they
were Bluetooth headphones.

They look like they connect using some kind of specially-built wireless
technology which Apple thinks is better than Bluetooth. They will undoubtedly be
right.

The AirPods don't come with the new iPhone, though - you just get some wired
buds that connect to the phone using the lightning port - the phone has no
headphone jack.

Apple cleverly supplied an adapter so we can continue to use our regular
headphones if we want though. So people can't complain about it... too much.

MAGICAL MARIO IT WAS almost thrown away at the start of the event, but the fact
that Nintendo is making a Mario game for iOS is huge news.

Nintendo just don't make games that run on other people's hardware. Obviously,
they've cottoned onto the the fact that iOS is the world's biggest gaming
platform. Nintendo underlined that fact by sending video game god Shigeru
Miyamoto to make the announcement. The game will be called Super Mario Run and
is an endless runner in which Mario races to reach the flag at the end of the
level before the time limit runs out. There will be online multiplayer, and it
will be playable one-handed. Next up Zelda and Donkey Kong please.

CAMERA ACTION THE iPhone camera is a phenomenon, and it's no surprise that they
made it even better this year. The camera on the iPhone 7 is an upgrade on the
6S, while the iPhone 7 Plus gets an innovative dual-lens camera, one lens is
wide-angle, the other zoom.

This means two things - firstly, obviously, you can zoom 2x without using
software (so the image is of a better quality), but also that, using some kind
of software magic, you'll be able to take photos which reproduce the kind of
depth of field effect you can only get now from using a big DSLR.

A special portrait setting will, when an update is released next month, blur the
background of an image, making the subject pop.

WHEN AND HOW MUCH? YOU can order from September 9, and the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus
will ship on September 16. Prices: iPhone 7 - 32GB £599, 128GB £699, 256GB £799.
iPhone 7 Plus - 32GB £719, 128GB £819, 256GB £919. The AirPods will be out in
'late October' and will cost £159. iOS 10 and watchOS 3 will come out as free
upgrade on September 13.

BITS AND PIECES PERFORMANCE is massively improved in the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.
There's a new chip - the A10. They say the new iPhone is 120 times faster than
the original iPhone. The new graphic capabilities will bring 'console level'
games to the phone too.

And pro apps like photo editors will also benefit from the new power. Battery
life is better, too. On average, an iPhone 7 will last two hours longer than an
iPhone 6S, while a Plus will go for an hour longer than a 6S Plus. They say it
has the 'longest battery life any iPhone ever'.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The new Apple AirPodsApple CEO Tim Cook shows the new Apple iPhone 7 to
performer Maddie Ziegler

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MEN


                     Copyright 2016 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             649 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                        June 27, 2016 Monday 5:25 PM GMT

iPhone 7 rumours: Will Apple finally change the one thing that winds people up
MOST about the iPhone?;
Rumours suggest Apple has made one very important decision about its entry-level
iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 396 words


The launch of the iPhone 7 in September could see Apple finally change the thing
that annoys people most about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

Although the 16GB model is £80 cheaper than the the 64GB version, and £160
cheaper than the 128GB version, many claim it is inadequate for today's digital
storage demands.

Both the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are capable of recording 4K video, yet customers
with the entry-level 16GB model are only able to record 45 minutes of 4K footage
before hitting capacity.

With apps, music and photos also taking up space, it can be very difficult for
iPhone users to manage their storage.

It is not clear whether raising the amount of storage from 16GB to 32GB would
result in a price hike for the base model iPhone 7.

However, Apple announced its first ever drop in iPhone sales last month, so
increasing the starting price would be a potentially risky move.

Apple was rumoured to be ditching the 16GB model with the launch of the iPhone
6s in 2015, but eventually decided against it.

Read more: Short of storage on your iPhone? This bizarre trick will
automatically free up more space

Phil Schiller, the company's senior vice president of worldwide marketing,
defended the decision, claiming that many users now store their music, photos
and video in the iCloud.

"The most price-conscious customers are able to live in an environment where
they don't need gobs of local storage, because these services are lightening
fast," he said during an episode of The Talk Show podcast.

Other rumours suggest Apple is planning to remove the physical Home button from
the front of the iPhone 7, as well as the headphone jack, forcing people to use
headphones with a Lightning connector.

The new device is also expected to be waterproof, and feature a dual-lens
camera.

Read more: iPhone 7: Release date, price, features and specs - the latest
rumours about Apple's smartphone for 2016

For all other Apple handsets, see our pick of the best iPhone deals this week.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             650 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Chennai Online

                         September 8, 2016 6:30 AM EST

How Apple's Twitter account ruined big iPhone 7 event

LENGTH: 191  words


San Francisco: As Apple was gearing up to present its big iPhone 7 announcement
at Bill Graham Civic Auditorium here on Wednesday, the company's reactivated
Twitter account, in a series of tweets, sent out photos and video of the new
iPhone 7 and highlighting some of its top features before CEO Tim Cook could get
to it on stage.

"The tweets appear to have been sent out accidentally and Apple pulled them just
a few minutes after they began spreading around but till then, they were
retweeted thousand of times," The Verge reported.

The tweets leaked new colours, water resistance and a dual camera of new iPhone
7.

Apple unveiled its much anticipated stunning iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus along
with next-generation 'Apple Watch Series 2'.

iPhone 7 has water and dust resistance, dual-lens camera (in iPhone 7 Plus),
4.6-inch retina HD display, a new home button, 7MP HD front camera and 12MP rear
main camera, no traditional 3.5 mm headphone jack, iOS 10, A10 fusion chip and
and longest battery life to date.

Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in India beginning October 7
in silver, gold, rose gold and the new black finish (jet black).

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


 Copyright 2016 Chennai Interactive Business Services (P) Ltd., distributed by
                                  Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             651 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 3:39 PM GMT

Google Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus - which smartphone will win when Google takes
on Apple?;
Buying a new phone in 2016 means choosing between Android and iOS - but which
tech company makes the better phone?

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 749 words


Investing in a new phone means choosing, inevitably, between one of Apple's
iOS-toting iPhones and a range of different Android phones.

Both operating systems offer advantages and disadvantages. While the
recently-released iPhone 7 Plus is pick of the bunch for iOS, Google's Android
has a few more options to choose from.

Google Pixel launch LIVE: Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and Daydream VR
expected at October 4 event

That being said, the Pixel XL comes straight from the Google stable and is the
only phone to arrive with the very latest version of Android - nicknamed
'Nougat' - preinstalled.

Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones: Specs, price, release date and rumours about
Google's new Android smartphones

What time is Google October 4 event? Google home release date, 4K chromecast and
more rumoured to be announced

We've yet to see the Pixel XL get an official launch date yet, but we do know
enough about it to line it up against Apple's current champ to see which comes
out on top.

iPhone 7 Plus review: It feels like an iterative update

When it comes to brute power, then the momentum is clearly with Google for its
2016 flagship smartphone.

Google Pixel smartphone accidentally leaked by UK retailer the day before
official announcement

Both the iPhone 7 Plus and Google Pixel XL have 5.5-inch screens, but the
resolution on the latter is 1440p whilst the former only manages 1080p. The same
is true of random access memory - useful for multitasking - as the iPhone boasts
3GB whilst Pixel offers 4GB.

Both phones have fingerprint scanners - although while the iPhone puts it on the
front, Google's Pixel has it round the back.

Google doesn't pull ahead in every aspect though - as the iPhone 7 Plus boasts
Apple's first ever dual-lens camera. The company made a big deal about its
optical zoom and high dynamic range at the iPhone launch event.

We've yet to see Google's Pixel camera in action but if you use your phone to
take a lot of pictures, Apple could be the way to go.

Thanks to the speed of software development, many aspects of actually using the
phones are very similar.

iPhone 7 case brings back the missing headphone jack - and doesn't need an
adapter

For example, you can swipe up or down from the home screen to quickly access
shortcuts. Both have voice-enabled assistants - Google Now and Siri. And both
let you use fingerprint scanners to pay for items like coffee or groceries.

Even the apps are similar - Google Duo is very similar to FaceTime whilst big
hitters like Facebook, WhatsApp, Instagram and Snapchat are available on both
platforms.

The iPhone 7 Plus' big feature is the aforementioned dual lens camera while the
Pixel XL trumpets Google's advancements in artificial intelligence with the
Google Allo messaging app.

Oh, and it's fairly likely the Pixel XL will have a 3.5mm headphone jack -
unlike the iPhone 7 Plus.

iPhone 7 HissGate: Apple customers report hearing hissing sounds coming from
their new iPhones

Google's Pixel XL has yet to actually be released yet, let alone make it into
the hands of eager reviewers. Therefore while we've got an idea of what it might
cost - there's no actual number to quote.

How much will the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones cost? Best UK deals and where
to find them

Still, it's likely to be cheaper than Apple's iPhone 7 Plus, which starts at
£719 for the 32GB model - making it one of the most expensive handsets its
possible to buy.

As for the Pixel XL, the best-case scenario would be that the it starts at £449
for the 32GB model - that's what Google currently charges for a Nexus 6P.

However. Google is likely to increase the price slightly over the earlier model,
so we're guessing it will be somewhere around the £500 mark.

What's more, we can't know for sure how long the 3,450mAh battery on the Pixel
XL lasts compared to the iPhone 7 Plus' 2,900mAh.

Apple has made it clear that iOS 10 is more efficient and that its phones now
last longer. But critics have still complained about both the battery life and
the slow charging time of the iPhones.

If you're looking for a simple-to-use phone that takes good pictures, then
Apple's iPhone 7 Plus is certainly the one to go for. You'll be paying more for
the privilege - but it will update faster and, generally, hold on to its value
if you want to upgrade again in a year's time.

However, if you need more power and want to tinker with settings and
appearances, Google's Pixel XL is probably more your cup of tea. It'll be
cheaper too, and the battery will probably last longer.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             652 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

China's online chatter muted ahead of Apple iPhone 7 launch

LENGTH: 750  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 7 -- Shanghai/Beijing: Judging by the volume of online chatter,
there's a lot less buzz in China ahead of this week's expected launch of the new
Apple Inc iPhone, and people on the street say they're more likely to "wait and
see" what the latest device offers than rush out to buy.


 Posts on China's popular Sina Weibo microblogging site show the iPhone 6, which
took China by storm in 2014 with its new, larger screen, attracted around 15
times more comments in the month before launch than this year's model.
 The muted online anticipation for the iPhone 7 underlines the challenge Apple
faces to revive growth in China, where an economic slowdown has slammed the
brakes on what was once touted as the firm's next big growth engine.
 Apple's Greater China sales dropped by a third in April-June, albeit after more
than doubling a year earlier, and revenue was down by more than a quarter to
$8.8 billion - around a fifth of its total sales. Its 7.8 percent market share
ranked fifth in China, trailing local vendors Huawei Technologies Co Ltd, OPPO
and Vivo, which together accounted for 47 percent, according to IDC data.
 The California-based company's online stores for iBooks and movies was also
closed in China after Beijing imposed strict curbs in March on online
publishing, and Apple has been on the losing side of intellectual property
battles here.
 Beijing student Wang Yue, 23, said she was in no hurry to buy an iPhone 7. "I'm
looking forward to the launch, but I won't rush to buy anything," Wang, who uses
an iPhone 6S that was launched last year, told Reuters. "I want to know what new
functions it's got. My feeling is there are no real major changes from the 6S,
so I think I'll hold off for a while."
 Apple is widely anticipated to unveil the new iPhone 7 at an event in San
Francisco on Wednesday. The company, which doesn't give a regional breakdown for
its iPhone sales, didn't respond to requests for comment.
 Among half a dozen consumers Reuters spoke to most said they would first check
out the new phone's functions or wait for the price to drop. Only one planned to
definitely buy any new model.
 "The word among consumers is the updates are not going to be revolutionary, but
smaller changes," said Ben Cavender, Shanghai-based director at China Market
Research Group, who described current consumer interest in China as "muted".
 WAIT FOR EIGHT
 More than anything else, the upcoming iPhone 7 may be a victim of the success
of the iPhone 6.
 China sales of the iPhone 6 soared in the first quarter of last year, helping
drive up Apple's China revenues by 71 percent. A year later, weaker sales of the
6S contributed to the company's first global decline in iPhone sales and first
revenue drop in 13 years - though globally the 6S was the top-selling smartphone
in April-June, according to Strategy Analytics.
 The research firm estimates iPhone shipments in China will decline 20 percent
in the second half of this year to 21 million from a year ago.
 "Apple is struggling with consumer 'iPhone fatigue' in China, while competition
from Huawei, Oppo and others remains fierce," said Strategy Analytics analyst
Neil Mawston.
 Weibo chatter in the run-up to the iPhone 7 launch has, however, topped levels
seen ahead of last year's 6S launch.
 Some Chinese shoppers are even already eyeing a potential iPhone 8 model that
could be launched with more significant changes next year, the 10th anniversary
of the first iPhone.
 "Because it's just one year, lots of people are choosing to wait for the iPhone
8," said Wang Bo, a finance worker in his thirties at a securities firm in
Shanghai. "The changes with the 8 will be much bigger, which I think will be a
drag on sales of the new phone this year."
 Wang, who uses both an iPhone 6S and a Huawei P9, said he plans to buy this
year's new iPhone when it's released in China.
 But convincing other shoppers in China - and the United States - to replace
their smartphone is a tougher sell today than in 2014, when many Chinese were
buying an iPhone for the first time.
 Concerns that Apple has hit "peak iPhone" have buffeted the firm's shares this
year, with the stock price up just 2.35 percent, lagging the benchmark S&P 500
Index.
 "The biggest thing that's changed since 2014 is that the iPhone is widely
available," said Ben Thompson, who analyses the technology sector at
Stratechery. "There's a lot more growth potential when people have their first
chance to buy an iPhone, but that potential has now been realized."

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             653 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Siasat Daily (India)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

How Apple's Twitter account ruined big iPhone 7 event

LENGTH: 226 words

DATELINE: San Francisco


San Francisco, Sept. 8 -- As Apple was gearing up to present its big iPhone 7
announcement at Bill Graham Civic Auditorium here on Wednesday, the company's
reactivated Twitter account, in a series of tweets, sent out photos and video of
the new iPhone 7 and highlighting some of its top features before CEO Tim Cook
could get to it on stage.

"The tweets appear to have been sent out accidentally and Apple pulled them just
a few minutes after they began spreading around but till then, they were
retweeted thousand of times," The Verge reported.

The tweets leaked new colours, water resistance and a dual camera of new iPhone
7.

Apple unveiled its much anticipated stunning iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus along
with next-generation 'Apple Watch Series 2'.

iPhone 7 has water and dust resistance, dual-lens camera (in iPhone 7 Plus),
4.6-inch retina HD display, a new home button, 7MP HD front camera and 12MP rear
main camera, no traditional 3.5 mm headphone jack, iOS 10, A10 fusion chip and
and longest battery life to date.

Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in India beginning October 7
in silver, gold, rose gold and the new black finish (jet black).

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Siasat Daily. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Siasat.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             654 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

Is Apple going to cancel the iPhone 7 pro?;
The highly anticipated Apple iPhone 7 is expected to be released next week, but
according to massive leak reports, there is a chance that it will not get
release a certain version at least for some time.-- Delivered by Feed43 service

BYLINE: FE Online

LENGTH: 312  words


The highly anticipated Apple iPhone 7 is expected to be released next week, but
according to massive leak reports, there is a chance that it will not get
release a certain version at least for some time. After rumours and speculations
had started doing the rounds, Apple's iPhone 7 is making waves among fans and
the tech world. There have been reports on the leak of specifications and
features of the new iPhone. But given the popularity and anticipation, it
remains to be seen whether this is just a marketing gimmick or if there is
something really wrong.

According to some sources on the internet, Apple which had released the beta
version of iOS is a little difficult to navigate. The people who have been using
the beta version for some time, have complained that there were problems in the
operating system as it cripples the smartphone. But it remains to be seen if
Apple will be able to iron out the kinks. While the small problems in the OS
will not likely stop the release of the iPhone since it has already been
scheduled. Yet there is a high chance that Apple might not bring out the iPhone
7 pro this year or maybe never. Instead, it may bring it out next year renamed
as iPhone 8. This may also be because of the reason that the issue with the
quantity of production has been resolved. According to reports, Apple had
earlier planned on getting the iPhone 7 pro as it was not sure if it will be
able to provide a dual camera for all the iPhone 7 plus. But now the problem
looks to have been solved.

This move is as disappointing as it is logical on the company's part. As keeping
less number of models will keep the lineup simple, but on the negative side,
iPhone lovers will lose out on the no-compromise phone and might have to wait
till the next year. The iPhone launch will most likely be on September 7, for
which the tech giant has sent out media invites.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             655 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              birminghammail.co.uk

                     September 16, 2016 Friday 8:15 AM GMT

Queues for iPhone 7 today in Birmingham Bullring but can you still get one?;
Up to 40 people have been queuing outside the Apple shop in Birmingham as iPhone
7 released today

BYLINE: By Sarah Probert

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 277 words


Dozens of people have been queuing since early this morning to get their hands
on the new iPhone 7 in Birmingham which comes out today.

One man has been outside the Bullring store since midnight and others arrived at
6am to get their hands on the new flagship smartphone.

But the Bullring store had already sold out of the iPhone 7 Plus and the iPhone
7 in black to pre-orders before it opened its doors at 8am.

Radio WM presenter Daz Hale was outside the store to see the queues and broke
the news live on air to the eager customer who had camped outside since 12am
that there would be no IPhone7 Plus available today.

At first the young lad was in disbelief but then despondently said he would head
home back to bed.

There were some IPhone 7 phones available first thing this morning but many had
pre-ordered online to secure the device.

The new device is waterproof and the larger model comes with an dual lens camera
capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

The iPhone 7 is available from a starting price of £599 for the cheapest 32GB
option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a
whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus is even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

When does the new Apple store in Birmingham open?

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

If you want to buy the phone outright, the best thing to do is head straight to
Apple's website and pre-order it from there.

Forget your iPhone 7, your old iPod Classic could be worth even more

Here's what happened when iPhone 6 came out in Birmingham...

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             656 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                     April 27, 2016 Wednesday 01:12 PM EST

Apple needs the iPhone 7 to reignite growth

BYLINE: Steven Max Patterson

SECTION: NEWSANALYSIS

LENGTH: 678  words


Click for image

Apple depends on the iPhone flywheel effect to draw consumers into its
proprietary ecosystem and throw off iPad, Mac, Apple Watch, Apple TV, App Store
and iTunes revenues. When that effect doesn't work, things go south, as we've
seen in Apple's first decline in 13 years.

The decrease, in fact, marks the beginning of the end of the iPhone 6 product
cycle. iPhone 6 growth spiked because of pent-up demand for iPhones with larger
screens that Android competitors proved consumers wanted. Former iPhone users
that became large-screen Android users returned to Apple, increasing iPhone
sales. For iPhone sales to rebound from this current decline, though, the iPhone
7 must have a vital growth-reigniting feature-something really important to
consumers that hasn't been invented by a competitor.

Between now and September when Apple is rumored to announce the iPhone 7, Apple
will be under top-line pressure. Whether the iPhone 7 is the elixir of growth
won't be known until Apple's earnings call in January 2017, after the company
has a full quarter of iPhone 7 shipments.

Why iPhone revenue dropped

Apple's revenue woes came from both a decline in average selling price and
nearly flat unit shipments. A total of 51.2 million iPhones shipped, compared to
51 million a year ago. Average selling prices were down to $642 compared to $670
last year.

CEO Tim Cook put much of the blame on the impact of a strong U.S. dollar in
foreign markets, especially China, when he said, "Despite the pause in our
growth, the results represent excellent execution by our team in the face of
strong macroeconomic headwinds."

But given that the iPhone is built in China with components built mainly in
China, iPhone costs should trend down with China's Yuan, not the stronger
dollar, pointing again to the end of the strong iPhone 6 product cycle as the
problem.

iPhone SE misses

The new $400 iPhone SE (an iPhone 6s in a 4-in. iPhone 5s form factor) couldn't
work its entry-level magic of attracting millions more consumers to make up for
its lower price. Putting the guts of a $650 iPhone 6s into the SE clearly has
put downward margin pressure on Apple's 40 percent gross margins that
historically defied the gravity of cutthroat mobile competition. Apple predicted
lower gross margins in the coming quarter of 37.5 percent to 38 percent compared
to investor expectations of 39.2 percent.

Competition from lower-priced Android phones could be squeezing Apple into
trading gross margins from lower average selling prices and increased iPhone
unit shipments. Apple predicted disappointing revenues in the coming quarter
too: $41 billion to $43 billion compared to investor expectations of $47.6
billion next quarter.

At $400, the iPhone SE is one of the best smartphones in this price range. Its
differentiation is Apple's brand and a superior camera. However, if the consumer
doesn't value the Apple brand and camera, budget-priced shoppers can buy a lot
of value for under $200 from companies such as Motorola and LG. This value
proposition exaggerates in fast-growing, emerging country markets such as India
and Malaysia where Android phones sell for $100.

Apple faces challenges in the coming quarters that might be mutually exclusive:
attract new consumers to fuel the Apple flywheel effect or higher gross margins,
or hold its margins and attract fewer consumers, especially in emerging country
markets. It may find some relief in gross margins from the maturing iPhone SE
manufacturing learning curve. And the iPad Pro may, as I have predicted, fuel an
iPad renaissance with creative professionals (engineers, designers, architects,
graphics artists, etc.) who are loyal Mac users.

The iPhone 7 will have to be amazing to reignite interest in the phone, and that
will be a challenge. If Apple fails to do that, it will have to look to one of
the many new products that have been rumored, such as autonomous cars, or expand
into entertainment. Or it may need to find a new product that has the scale to
impact its $200 billion in annual revenue with double-digit growth.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             657 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday

Apple iPhone 7 review blog: Let's not cry over the 3.5mm jack

BYLINE: Nandagopal Rajan

LENGTH: 271  words


Apple iPhone 7 is here and we'll be reviewing the device in this blog. Read on
as we test the camera, performance of this device.

Apple iPhone 7 is still a couple of weeks away for most Indians. However, that
hasn't prevented at least some people from bringing in the devices from other
markets where the phone has been successfully launched.

We were fortunate enough to get our hands on one of these devices and will have
it with us for a couple of days. We will use the opportunity to live with the
new iPhone 7 and see how much of a better experience is it offering. I am
currently using the Apple iPhone 6s Plus, and will try and compare the two
phones in terms of camera, speed and performance.

Below, see the comparison between the new iPhone 7 and last year's iPhone 6s
Plus camera. Both have 12MP rear cameras, but the iPhone 7 uses an f/1.8
aperture which gives it better performance in low light. You can see this extra
light clearly in the image below.

Here is my experience using the new Apple iPhone 7:

Everyone seems to have a problem with the headphone jack being removed. But for
people buying a new Apple iPhone 7 it won't be a big deal as you will get the
new earpods. For those hung up on using the 3.5mm jack headphone they love,
there is always the adapter in the box. Yes, it is an appendage, but nothing you
can live without.

We have a black model of the iPhone 7, not the Jet Black, just the black which
is matte and more subtle. It is a head-turner no doubt and is one of the most
stylish phones around. There is no real difference in design, but the muted
antenna bands give the phone some extra style quotient.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             658 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Some greet arrival of iPhone 7 with a shrug

BYLINE: Ma Si

LENGTH: 476  words


The declining popularity of iPhones highlights challenges that Apple is facing
in China, which was once the company's biggest growth engine but has recently
become a source of disappointment.

The Apple iPhone7 and AirPods are displayed during an Apple media event in San
Francisco, California, US, September 7, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

Wang Wanli, a 26-year-old sales manager in Beijing, has been thinking about
upgrading his iPhone 6, which he bought two years ago. To his disappointment,
however, Apple's latest product rollout on Thursday morning fell short of his
expectations.

He said he had found no big improvement on the iPhone 7, which Apple is banking
on to regain the market share in China that it is losing to domestic players.

For example, he is comfortable with Apple's operating system, but he said he
thought "the iPhone 7 does not look as cool as the Lenovo Moto Z modular
handset".

Wang is not alone. As Chinese smartphone vendors such as Huawei and Oppo
scramble to offer cheaper alternatives with competitive functions, experts say
local consumers are less willing to wait in long lines for a new iPhone.

The iPhone 7 will be available in China on Sept 16, although online ordering
begins on Friday. Jin Di, research manager at International Data Corp China,
said iPhone 7's routine upgrades on cameras and processors show that hard-ware
is no longer Apple's edge.

"The sales of iPhone 7 will be worse than the iPhone 6, which once took China by
storm," Jin said.

The declining popularity of iPhones highlights challenges that Apple is facing
in China, which was once the company's biggest growth engine but has recently
become a source of disappointment.

In the quarter ended in June, Apple saw a 33 percent drop in sales in China,
marking its highest decline in all regions, while domestic brands Huawei and
Oppo saw surges in shipments of 15 per-cent and 124 percent, respectively.

Huawei said earlier this month that it had sold 4.5 million units of P9 by July,
its premium-end smartphone that includes dual cameras and sells for 3,688 yuan
($550). In comparison, the iPhone 7 Plus with similar features starts at 6,388
yuan.

"It will be hard for Apple to regain the crown in China with the iPhone 7
series, given the declining enthusiasm among consumers," said Nicole Peng,
research director at Shanghai-based consultancy Canalys.

Canalys forecasts that Apple will see a 12 percent year-on-year decline in
smartphone shipments to China this year.

According to Peng, Apple still dominates the above-3,000 yuan handset market,
where most consumers remain loyal to the brand.

"But that consumer group is growing very, very slowly. And Apple's growth, in
fact, needs to be driven by potential consumers who usually buy smartphones
priced from 2,000 yuan to 3,000 yuan. Now, however, such potential consumers
have all chosen local vendors," Peng added.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             659 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Some greet arrival of iPhone 7 with a shrug

BYLINE: Ma Si

LENGTH: 489  words


The declining popularity of iPhones highlights challenges that Apple is facing
in China, which was once the company's biggest growth engine but has recently
become a source of disappointment.

The Apple iPhone7 and AirPods are displayed during an Apple media event in San
Francisco, California, US, September 7, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

Wang Wanli, a 26-year-old sales manager in Beijing, has been thinking about
upgrading his iPhone 6, which he bought two years ago. To his disappointment,
however, Apple's latest product rollout on Thursday morning fell short of his
expectations.

He said he had found no big improvement on the iPhone 7, which Apple is banking
on to regain the market share in China that it is losing to domestic players.

For example, he is comfortable with Apple's operating system, but he said he
thought "the iPhone 7 does not look as cool as the Lenovo Moto Z modular
handset".

Wang is not alone. As Chinese smartphone vendors such as Huawei and Oppo
scramble to offer cheaper alternatives with competitive functions, experts say
local consumers are less willing to wait in long lines for a new iPhone.

The iPhone 7 will be available in China on Sept 16, although online ordering
begins on Friday. Jin Di, research manager at International Data Corp China,
said iPhone 7's routine upgrades on cameras and processors show that hard-ware
is no longer Apple's edge.

"The sales of iPhone 7 will be worse than the iPhone 6, which once took China by
storm," Jin said.

The declining popularity of iPhones highlights challenges that Apple is facing
in China, which was once the company's biggest growth engine but has recently
become a source of disappointment.

In the quarter ended in June, Apple saw a 33 percent drop in sales in China,
marking its highest decline in all regions, while domestic brands Huawei and
Oppo saw surges in shipments of 15 per-cent and 124 percent, respectively.

Huawei said earlier this month that it had sold 4.5 million units of P9 by July,
its premium-end smartphone that includes dual cameras and sells for 3,688 yuan
($550). In comparison, the iPhone 7 Plus with similar features starts at 6,388
yuan.

"It will be hard for Apple to regain the crown in China with the iPhone 7
series, given the declining enthusiasm among consumers," said Nicole Peng,
research director at Shanghai-based consultancy Canalys.

Canalys forecasts that Apple will see a 12 percent year-on-year decline in
smartphone shipments to China this year.

According to Peng, Apple still dominates the above-3,000 yuan handset market,
where most consumers remain loyal to the brand.

"But that consumer group is growing very, very slowly. And Apple's growth, in
fact, needs to be driven by potential consumers who usually buy smartphones
priced from 2,000 yuan to 3,000 yuan. Now, however, such potential consumers
have all chosen local vendors," Peng added.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/56/147341286783.jpg

b083fe955aa1193c42e10f.jpg

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             660 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Apple stock sparked by iPhone relief rally

BYLINE: James Covert

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 293 words


Apple shares surged for the fourth straight day as evidence mounted that the
iPhone 7 won't be a dud, after all.

The Cupertino, Calif., tech giant's stock added 3.4 percent, to close at
$115.57, bringing the company's market capitalization to nearly $623 billion -
its highest level in 10 months.

The latest rallying point: Initial shipments of the new, jet-black version of
the iPhone 7, as well as the iPhone 7 Plus - the larger model with a souped-up
camera - have sold out online worldwide.

As such, those two models won't be available to everyone at the iPhone's annual
retail ritual in which lengthy queues of obsessed shoppers form outside Apple
stores for a Friday morning launch.

"During the online pre-order period, initial quantities of iPhone 7 Plus in all
finishes and iPhone 7 in jet back sold out and will not be available for walk-in
customers," Apple said in a statement late Wednesday.

The four-day rally in Apple shares - propelled mainly by upbeat comments from
all four major US wireless carriers about initial iPhone 7 demand - has left the
stock 12 percent higher this week.

Seven days earlier, the shares had tanked after the new iPhone was unveiled. At
the time, analysts and investors complained that it looked little different from
the iPhone 6 and 6s models of the past two years.

"We believe a number of recent data points suggest a better than expected iPhone
7 cycle," Credit Suisse analyst Kulbinder Garcha wrote in a Thursday research
note, reiterating an outperform rating on the shares.

As reported by The Post, one key driver has been the return of carrier
subsidies, with Verizon, AT&T, Sprint and T-Mobile all offering trade-in deals
that allow customers to get an iPhone 7 for free.

jcovert@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             661 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 3:31 AM GMT

Apple unveils water-resistant iPhone 7 and new Watch

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 285 words


Apple has unveiled the new iPhone 7, having made the phone water resistant for
the first time and removed the headphone jack.

The tech giant's chief executive Tim Cook announced the phone at an event in San
Francisco, though a social media glitch saw the firm's Twitter account - only
recently activated - accidentally reveal the news early.

A new version of the Apple Watch, called the Series 2 and with greater focus on
health and exercise tracking, was also announced, including a special Nike+
version for runners.

The Watch, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will go on sale on September 16, with
pre-orders for the devices beginning on Friday.

Instead of the traditional headphone connection, iPhone packages will now come
with earphones that fit into the phone's Lighting port, currently used for
charging and data transfer.

However, Apple also revealed new wireless earphones, called AirPods, that will
connect to both iPhone and Apple Watch remotely.

An adaptor that enables traditional headphones to continue to plug into the
iPhone will also be included in the box.

The iPhone 7 has also had its camera completely redesigned, with a much-rumoured
second lens being added to the larger iPhone 7 Plus that will enable users to
capture more zoomed images without losing picture quality.

The lenses across the two phones now contain a 12 megapixel sensor.

Mr Cook said of the smartphone: "It has become the industry gold standard.

"iPhone is the phone by which all others are measured and it has become a
cultural phenomenon."

In July, the tech giant revealed it had sold the one billionth unit of the
device, while Mr Cook said the Apple Watch was now the world's second most
popular watch brand and most popular smartwatch.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             662 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          manchestereveningnews.co.uk

                       August 12, 2016 Friday 7:12 PM GMT

The iPhone 7 is on the way - here's what to expect;
We're a month away from the arrival of a new iPhone and a new Apple Watch - and
the rumours are beginning to hot up

BYLINE: By Justin Connolly

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 615 words


We all know that only one thing can excite the internet more than a Kardashian
derrière - and that's a new iPhone.

And while I can't claim to be up on Kim and co, I can tell you all there is to
know about the next phone from Apple - which could well be in your hands in a
little over a month.

Yes - the iPhone 7 is on the horizon, so now is as good a time as any to round
up the rumours and explore what delights Tim Cook and his pals from Cupertino
may have in store for us.

Here's what they're saying on the world wide web. Although remember - nobody but
Tim's inner circle know for sure if any of this is true...

The iPhone 7 will look very much like the iPhone 6S (with perhaps fewer antenna
bands on the back), so don't expect anything groundbreaking. Lots of people will
say that this means Apple is finished and the phone will be a dud - but it'll
sell like those hot cakes everyone's always talking about.

It'll come in the 4.7in and 5.5in sizes currently available. Next year the
iPhone turns 10, and Apple will keep its design power dry this year for
something spectacular to mark that milestone.

The iPhone 7 Plus will come with a dual-lens rear camera that should produce
much sharper images and perform better in low light.

It may also be able to perform some kind of 3D scanning magic. The smaller
iPhone won't have this camera, though - just the one lens, but better than the
6S.

The iPhone 7 will have no headphone jack. So how will we listen to our music?
Apple will include headphones that attach to the phone via the lightning port on
the bottom, or will offer up wireless headphones that connect to the phone using
bluetooth (maybe even both).

This may mean that you will be able to charge the phone wirelessly (like the
Apple Watch), so you will still be able to charge the phone and listen to music
at the same time. There will be an adapter available which will allow you to use
your current headphones - but you will have to pay extra for this, and people
will be very angry about that.

The iPhone 7 will be water resistant. Other smartphones can be submerged 1.5m
under water for 30 minutes and surface unscathed - if Apple isn't looking to
match that, it's going to look very silly indeed.

The home button on both models will not be a 'real' button, and will sit flush
to the face of the phone.

It will employ sophisticated haptic feedback (also known as vibration) to make
it feel like the button clicks when you press it, but the button will not
actually move. The same technology is used in the trackpads of MacBooks.

It almost goes without saying that the iPhone 7 will feature the next generation
A10 chip from Apple and will be faster than the iPhone 6S.

It'll also have better battery life. Although perhaps not much better given the
improvements in the cameras.

There might be a third iPhone model called the iPhone Pro. It will have a 5.5in
screen, and will be the one that has the dual-lens (while the regular 7 Plus
will have the same single lens as the 7).

It will also feature a 'smart connector' (as seen on the iPad Pro), and support
the Apple Pencil.

The iPhone 7 will be revealed at a special Apple event in San Fransisco on
September 7, and will go on sale on September 16.

Apple will reveal the Apple Watch 2.0 at the same event - the current
first-generation model is now two years old.

The new version will look similar to the current model, but will be faster and
will include a GPS radio and an improved barometer. Apple will go big on selling
the health and fitness elements of the watch.

We've seen iOS 10 that will run on these new iPhones, and watchOS 3 that will
power the new watches. Expect the software to be released at the same time as
the new phones drop.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGMWNGMANC


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             663 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          manchestereveningnews.co.uk

                       August 12, 2016 Friday 7:12 PM GMT

The iPhone 7 is on the way - here's what to expect;
We're a month away from the arrival of a new iPhone - and the rumours are
beginning to hot up

BYLINE: By Justin Connolly

LENGTH: 615 words


We all know that only one thing can excite the internet more than a Kardashian
derrière - and that's a new iPhone.

And while I can't claim to be up on Kim and co, I can tell you all there is to
know about the next phone from Apple - which could well be in your hands in a
little over a month.

Yes - the iPhone 7 is on the horizon, so now is as good a time as any to round
up the rumours and explore what delights Tim Cook and his pals from Cupertino
may have in store for us.

Here's what they're saying on the world wide web. Although remember - nobody but
Tim's inner circle know for sure if any of this is true...

The iPhone 7 will look very much like the iPhone 6S (with perhaps fewer antenna
bands on the back), so don't expect anything groundbreaking. Lots of people will
say that this means Apple is finished and the phone will be a dud - but it'll
sell like those hot cakes everyone's always talking about.

It'll come in the 4.7in and 5.5in sizes currently available. Next year the
iPhone turns 10, and Apple will keep its design power dry this year for
something spectacular to mark that milestone.

The iPhone 7 Plus will come with a dual-lens rear camera that should produce
much sharper images and perform better in low light.

It may also be able to perform some kind of 3D scanning magic. The smaller
iPhone won't have this camera, though - just the one lens, but better than the
6S.

The iPhone 7 will have no headphone jack. So how will we listen to our music?
Apple will include headphones that attach to the phone via the lightning port on
the bottom, or will offer up wireless headphones that connect to the phone using
bluetooth (maybe even both).

This may mean that you will be able to charge the phone wirelessly (like the
Apple Watch), so you will still be able to charge the phone and listen to music
at the same time. There will be an adapter available which will allow you to use
your current headphones - but you will have to pay extra for this, and people
will be very angry about that.

The iPhone 7 will be water resistant. Other smartphones can be submerged 1.5m
under water for 30 minutes and surface unscathed - if Apple isn't looking to
match that, it's going to look very silly indeed.

The home button on both models will not be a 'real' button, and will sit flush
to the face of the phone.

It will employ sophisticated haptic feedback (also known as vibration) to make
it feel like the button clicks when you press it, but the button will not
actually move. The same technology is used in the trackpads of MacBooks.

It almost goes without saying that the iPhone 7 will feature the next generation
A10 chip from Apple and will be faster than the iPhone 6S.

It'll also have better battery life. Although perhaps not much better given the
improvements in the cameras.

There might be a third iPhone model called the iPhone Pro. It will have a 5.5in
screen, and will be the one that has the dual-lens (while the regular 7 Plus
will have the same single lens as the 7).

It will also feature a 'smart connector' (as seen on the iPad Pro), and support
the Apple Pencil.

The iPhone 7 will be revealed at a special Apple event in San Fransisco on
September 7, and will go on sale on September 16.

Apple will reveal the Apple Watch 2.0 at the same event - the current
first-generation model is now two years old.

The new version will look similar to the current model, but will be faster and
will include a GPS radio and an improved barometer. Apple will go big on selling
the health and fitness elements of the watch.

We've seen iOS 10 that will run on these new iPhones, and watchOS 3 that will
power the new watches. Expect the software to be released at the same time as
the new phones drop.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGMWNGMANC


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             664 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          manchestereveningnews.co.uk

                       August 12, 2016 Friday 7:12 PM GMT

The iPhone 7 is on the way - here's what to expect;
We're a month away from the arrival of a new iPhone - and the rumours are
beginning to hot up

BYLINE: By Justin Connolly

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 615 words


We all know that only one thing can excite the internet more than a Kardashian
derrière - and that's a new iPhone.

And while I can't claim to be up on Kim and co, I can tell you all there is to
know about the next phone from Apple - which could well be in your hands in a
little over a month.

Yes - the iPhone 7 is on the horizon, so now is as good a time as any to round
up the rumours and explore what delights Tim Cook and his pals from Cupertino
may have in store for us.

Here's what they're saying on the world wide web. Although remember - nobody but
Tim's inner circle know for sure if any of this is true...

The iPhone 7 will look very much like the iPhone 6S (with perhaps fewer antenna
bands on the back), so don't expect anything groundbreaking. Lots of people will
say that this means Apple is finished and the phone will be a dud - but it'll
sell like those hot cakes everyone's always talking about.

It'll come in the 4.7in and 5.5in sizes currently available. Next year the
iPhone turns 10, and Apple will keep its design power dry this year for
something spectacular to mark that milestone.

The iPhone 7 Plus will come with a dual-lens rear camera that should produce
much sharper images and perform better in low light.

It may also be able to perform some kind of 3D scanning magic. The smaller
iPhone won't have this camera, though - just the one lens, but better than the
6S.

The iPhone 7 will have no headphone jack. So how will we listen to our music?
Apple will include headphones that attach to the phone via the lightning port on
the bottom, or will offer up wireless headphones that connect to the phone using
bluetooth (maybe even both).

This may mean that you will be able to charge the phone wirelessly (like the
Apple Watch), so you will still be able to charge the phone and listen to music
at the same time. There will be an adapter available which will allow you to use
your current headphones - but you will have to pay extra for this, and people
will be very angry about that.

The iPhone 7 will be water resistant. Other smartphones can be submerged 1.5m
under water for 30 minutes and surface unscathed - if Apple isn't looking to
match that, it's going to look very silly indeed.

The home button on both models will not be a 'real' button, and will sit flush
to the face of the phone.

It will employ sophisticated haptic feedback (also known as vibration) to make
it feel like the button clicks when you press it, but the button will not
actually move. The same technology is used in the trackpads of MacBooks.

It almost goes without saying that the iPhone 7 will feature the next generation
A10 chip from Apple and will be faster than the iPhone 6S.

It'll also have better battery life. Although perhaps not much better given the
improvements in the cameras.

There might be a third iPhone model called the iPhone Pro. It will have a 5.5in
screen, and will be the one that has the dual-lens (while the regular 7 Plus
will have the same single lens as the 7).

It will also feature a 'smart connector' (as seen on the iPad Pro), and support
the Apple Pencil.

The iPhone 7 will be revealed at a special Apple event in San Fransisco on
September 7, and will go on sale on September 16.

Apple will reveal the Apple Watch 2.0 at the same event - the current
first-generation model is now two years old.

The new version will look similar to the current model, but will be faster and
will include a GPS radio and an improved barometer. Apple will go big on selling
the health and fitness elements of the watch.

We've seen iOS 10 that will run on these new iPhones, and watchOS 3 that will
power the new watches. Expect the software to be released at the same time as
the new phones drop.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGMWNGMANC


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             665 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

iPhone 7: This is what headphone maker Jaybird has to say on Apple ditching
headphone jack

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 319 words


NEW DELHI: There have been rumours since past several months that Apple may drop
3.5mm headphone jack in its next iPhones, likely to be called iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus . The company is instead likely to launch both Bluetooth
headphones and headphones with lightning connectors as a part of the major
change in terms of design in the new iPhones. As the countdown to iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus starts, headphone maker JayBird spoke to Forbes about its take on
Apple's speculated move. For those unaware, JayBird was recently acquired by
Logitech for $50million.In an interview, JayBird chief marketing officer Rene
Oehlerking told Brooke Crothers, a contributor for Forbes, "My personal opinion
is that it's absolutely going to happen.

It's going to happen next week when they announce it. And I believe this will be
seen as very similar to when Apple decided to get rid of the floppy disk or
decided to get rid of the CD-ROM or DVD drives in all of their MacBooks. It's
going to be that kind of a leap."Oehlerking further added that 3.5mm headphone
jack came with Walkman and the CD players and while all of them have been
replaced by more advanced tech, 3.5mm headphone jack stayed unchanged and is now
outdated. JayBird CMO said that shifting from 3.5mm headphone jack to lightning
connector-based headphones will still compress and decompress audio "but the
music quality can be drastically enhanced."According to him, "there will be some
kind of adapter in the iPhone 7 box" that will enable using of wired headphones
via the Lightning port.The rumours suggesting Apple to bring Lightning EarPods
with the launch of the iPhone 7 got more credibility recently, courtesy a leaked
image of iPhone 7 Plus' alleged packaging . As per the image, Apple will be
bundling a Lightning to 3.5mm headphone jack adaptor and a Lightning to USB
cable adaptor inside the box of the new iPhone.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             666 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

iPhone 7: This is what headphone maker Jaybird has to say on Apple ditching
headphone jack

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 319 words


NEW DELHI: There have been rumours since past several months that Apple may drop
3.5mm headphone jack in its next iPhones, likely to be called iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus . The company is instead likely to launch both Bluetooth
headphones and headphones with lightning connectors as a part of the major
change in terms of design in the new iPhones. As the countdown to iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus starts, headphone maker JayBird spoke to Forbes about its take on
Apple's speculated move. For those unaware, JayBird was recently acquired by
Logitech for $50million.In an interview, JayBird chief marketing officer Rene
Oehlerking told Brooke Crothers, a contributor for Forbes, "My personal opinion
is that it's absolutely going to happen.

It's going to happen next week when they announce it. And I believe this will be
seen as very similar to when Apple decided to get rid of the floppy disk or
decided to get rid of the CD-ROM or DVD drives in all of their MacBooks. It's
going to be that kind of a leap."Oehlerking further added that 3.5mm headphone
jack came with Walkman and the CD players and while all of them have been
replaced by more advanced tech, 3.5mm headphone jack stayed unchanged and is now
outdated. JayBird CMO said that shifting from 3.5mm headphone jack to lightning
connector-based headphones will still compress and decompress audio "but the
music quality can be drastically enhanced."According to him, "there will be some
kind of adapter in the iPhone 7 box" that will enable using of wired headphones
via the Lightning port.The rumours suggesting Apple to bring Lightning EarPods
with the launch of the iPhone 7 got more credibility recently, courtesy a leaked
image of iPhone 7 Plus' alleged packaging . As per the image, Apple will be
bundling a Lightning to 3.5mm headphone jack adaptor and a Lightning to USB
cable adaptor inside the box of the new iPhone.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             667 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            October 25, 2016 Tuesday

Apple will finally lift veil on iPhone 7 sales;
Shares in the company have spiked since Note 7's recall and production end

BYLINE: Michael Lewis Toronto Star

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 459 words


Apple Inc. will peel back some of the mystery around sales of the iPhone 7 when
it reports earnings Tuesday that are likely to show the company's first
year-over-year revenue decline since the iPhone debuted in 2007.

Meanwhile on Thursday, the Cupertino giant is expected to unveil its new
MacBook, including a Pro model with a touch-button panel replacing physical
function keys.

Most of the attention this week, however, will be on the iPhone 7 with its
enhanced camera and discontinued earphone jack that launched in September - and
its impact on Apple's bottom line.

The company took the unusual step of not announcing post-launch weekend sales of
the iPhone 7 and larger-screen 7 Plus, fuelling speculation that the products
had a tepid launch that was somewhat offset by the absence of competition from
the recalled Samsung Galaxy Note 7.

That disclosure void has been filled with conflicting reports, with Consumer
Intelligence Research Partners saying the iPhone 7 models have seen a positive
reception in the U.S., particularly among upgrade buyers.

It said the devices accounted for 43 per cent of U.S. iPhone sales in the third
quarter, even though they were only available for the final two weeks.

In a separate note, Deutsche Bank analyst Sherri Scribner raised the firm's
iPhone sales estimate for the quarter to 46 million versus the consensus analyst
view for 45 million, citing positive impacts of promotions from all four major
U.S. carriers.

Some analysts also see a boost from the recall and ultimate production end of
the Note 7 due to combustive overheating, although there is a view that Android
rivals are the more likely beneficiary.

Bloomberg Intelligence says fiscal 2017 first-quarter revenue guidance will hint
at holiday sales prospects for the iPhone 7 and the potential for market share
gains in the absence of the Note 7.

Shares in Apple have spiked since Samsung pulled the plug on its Note 7 handset
to focus on launching the next Galaxy iteration, but slipped on reports that
sales of the iPhone 7 in China have been slow.

"Distributor checks find that iPhone 7 sales are weaker than the 6s was out of
the box (after launch)," UBS analyst Steven Milunovich said in a research note.

"Apple (is) losing share to domestic handsets . . . Apple's brand remains
strong, but the App Store can be difficult to access and slow."

With a sales slump in China part of a broader trend in a saturated global
smartphone market, the company in its fourth-quarter earnings report will likely
confirm a year-over-year sales decline to $215.67 billion (U.S.) from $233.72
billion last year.

Apple is expected to report fourth-quarter sales of $46.9 billion, an
8.9-per-cent annual drop and profit of $8.9 billion, or $1.65 per share, a
19.9-per-cent fall.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                             668 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              birminghammail.co.uk

                     September 16, 2016 Friday 8:15 AM GMT

Queues for iPhone 7 today in Birmingham Bullring but can you still get one?;
Up to 40 people have been queuing outside the Apple shop in Birmingham as iPhone
7 released today

BYLINE: By Sarah Probert

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 278 words


Dozens of people have been queuing since early this morning to get their hands
on the new iPhone 7 in Birmingham which comes out today.

One man has been outside the Bullring store since midnight and others arrived at
6am to get their hands on the new flagship smartphone.

But the Bullring store had already sold out of the iPhone 7 Plus and the iPhone
7 in black to pre-orders before it opened its doors at 8am.

Radio WM presenter Daz Hale was outside the store to see the queues and broke
the news live on air to the eager customer who had camped outside since 12am
that there would be no IPhone7 Plus available today.

At first the young lad was in disbelief but then despondently said he would head
home back to bed.

There were some IPhone 7 phones available first thing this morning but many had
pre-ordered online to secure the device.

The new device is waterproof and the larger model comes with an dual lens camera
capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

The iPhone 7 is available from a starting price of £599 for the cheapest 32GB
option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a
whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus is even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

When does the new Apple store in Birmingham open?

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

If you want to buy the phone outright, the best thing to do is head straight to
Apple's website and pre-order it from there.

Forget your iPhone 7, your old iPod Classic could be worth even more

Here's what happened last time a new iPhone came out in Birmingham...

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             669 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Toronto Sun

                            September 9, 2016 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Bring back headphone jack; Critics take Apple to task for removal on new iPhone
models

BYLINE: Steve Tilley, Toronto Sun

SECTION: NEWS; Gadgets; Pg. A20

LENGTH: 448  words


On the heels of Wednesday's announcement of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, the
electronics giant is being taken to task by some fans and critics for removing
the headphone jack on the new iPhone models, which arrive in stores Sept. 16.

Instead of the 3.5-mm jack that's been a consumer electronics staple since
before the days of the original Sony Walkman, Apple has opted to have the iPhone
7's so-called Lightning port double as its headphone connector. Earbuds that
plug into the Lightning port - which is also used for charging and data transfer
- will be included with the iPhone 7, along with an adapter for regular
headphones.

While the iPhone 7 (starting at $899 with no cellphone carrier contract) and
iPhone 7 Plus (starting at $1,049) have incremental new features like a faster
processor, a water-resistant shell and an improved, dual-lens camera, the lion's
share of the attention seems to be aimed at the missing headphone jack, a design
decision that had been rumoured for many months.

Cranky posts and sarcastic memes dotted the front page of social news site
Reddit on Thursday, with some critics seeing Apple's announcement of new
wireless earbuds dubbed AirPods, coming in October for $219, as salt in the
missing headphone jack wound. (I know it would take me roughly eight seconds to
lose one of those things, if they stayed put in my mutant ears to begin with.)

The Apple faithful point to the company's forwardthinking decision to remove
DVD-ROM drives from the MacBook Air line of laptops as proof that not all
features need to endure forever. And it's true: these days, most thin and light
laptops don't include the increasingly irrelevant optical disc drives.

But it's a bit of a - no pun intended - apples and oranges comparison. The
iPhone's Lightning port is proprietary Apple technology, meaning people who want
to plug their cans directly into their iPhone 7 will either need to reply on an
easy-to-misplace adapter or buy new headphones from Apple, or someone who has
licensed Apple's tech.

That said, the headphone jack kerfuffle is getting a little blown out of
proportion. These are $1,000-plus consumer electronics products, not the keys to
food, water and shelter. They come with compatible headphones and an adapter, so
it's not necessary to run out immediately to buy a new accessory. And if people
feel really strongly about it - or about the iPhone 7 not offering any
groundbreaking new tech to begin with - they simply won't buy one.

Will this put a meaningful dent in iPhone 7 sales? I'd be surprised if it did.
We'll have to wait and see. Or hear.

stilley@postmedia.com

@stevetilley

stevetilley !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press; The lightning port of an iPhone
7 doubles as its headphone connector.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Toronto Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                             670 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                           October 22, 2016 Saturday

Latest iPhones surpass sales expectations

BYLINE: SUCHIT LEESA-NGUANSUK

LENGTH: 413  words


Sales of the highly anticipated iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in Thailand, buoyed
by record-high discounts and promotions offered by mobile operators, have
exceeded the expectations of local handset distributors.

The iPhone 7 Plus has seen much higher demand than expected and is difficult to
find in stores, thanks to the appeal of dual cameras, the popularity of the Jet
Black colour and the problems endured by Samsung's Galaxy Note 7.

Instead of massive lines outside Bangkok's flagship Apple stores as seen in
previous handset debuts, only a few people were waiting to buy the new iPhones.

Companies operating in Thailand have temporary suspended their marketing and
advertising activities to express sympathy after the death of His Majesty King
Bhumibol Adulyadej.

Apple's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus feature the same 4.7 and 5.5-inch screen
sizes, and will be available in three storage configurations: 32 gigabytes,
128GB and 256GB.

Prices of the new iPhone duo with 32GB capacity start at 26,500 and 31,500 baht,
respectively.

Total Access Communication (DTAC), the country's second-largest mobile operator,
is offering the most attractive discount of 6,000 baht on purchase of one of the
new iPhones when customers register a 12-month postpaid mobile service for 899
baht a month.

Customers, who sign up for a 12-month postpaid service for 999 baht a month or
over and make a 3,000-baht payment in advance, will get the next iPhone released
if they stay in DTAC's network after one year.

Customers migrating from other networks will receive an extra 1,500 baht
discount on top of the 6,000-baht discount offering when they register a
599-baht service contract.

True Move is offering a discount of 3,000 baht for customers who sign up for a
699-baht mobile service plan for one year and make a 1,500 baht payment in
advance.

Those who sign up for 899 and 1,099 baht tariff plans will get discounts of
6,000 and 8,000 baht for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, respectively. They are
required to make a payment of 3,000 and 4,000 baht in advance, respectively.

Mobile leader Advanced Info Service is discounting 2,000 baht for a purchase of
an iPhone 7 for registering its prepaid service at 399 baht package for one
year.

Nutchanon Boonsorn, associate market analyst of IDC Thailand, said the three
major mobile operators are making aggressive moves quietly at this time, and not
keeping with tradition where fans queued to be among first in the country to get
their hands on the latest iPhone.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             671 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                     September 23, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Apple And Flipkart Forge Partnership For iPhone 7 Online Sales In India

BYLINE: Wrik Sen

LENGTH: 347  words


Apple will be in direct contact with Flipkart over the online sales of iPhone 7,
with Infibeam being the other partner.

Now that it is confirmed that the iPhone 7 will be landing in India on October
7, Apple fans in the country ought to be happy that they have tied up with
Flipkart and Infibeam as authorized online re-sellers in India. Under this new
partnership, Apple will be supplying the iPhones directly to Flipkart, rather
than sourcing it from 3rd party marketplaces.

This move is being seen as a method to control the sale of iPhone 7 at mandated
prices, instead of a price eroded war which took place last year with the iPhone
6 models, where Flipkart, Amazon, and Paytm, tried to out do each other for the
best price. The other partner for Apple, is Infibeam who will be selling the
iPhone and the iPad, whereas Flipkart will be authorized to iPads, iPhones, and
even the Mac PCs.

Apple's partnership in India, hopefully shall benefit both parties in equal
measure. While Flipkart would not have to source from 3rd party marketplaces,
and the marketing support would be far closer with Apple due to the direct
sourcing, the pricing in the market can be kept close at hand. The mandated
pricing will ensure there is no online price war, like it took place last year,
which Apple wants to avoid.

In fact, Flipkart has already setup a microsite similar to an Apple site,
explaining the details of the iPhone 7 features and specifications, and
announcing the official launch date of the handset in the country. This deal
formula also means that Flipkart would miss out on the GMV (Gross Merchandise
Volume) and advantages it brings in terms of lower cost per unit of the iPhone
7, but it will give a stronger control of the phone sales in the country, apart
from Infibeam, who is the other partner.

In terms of pricing, iPhone 7 32GB will be sold at Rs 60,000; the 128GB version
at Rs 70,000, and the 256GB version at Rs 80,000. The iPhone 7 Plus on the other
hand will be priced at Rs 72,000 for the 32GB variant; Rs 82,000 for the 128GB
version, and Rs 92,000 for the 256GB phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             672 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                              Australian2 Edition

Goodbye jack: music to our ears

BYLINE: Chris Griffith

SECTION: THENATION; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 388  words


I was apprehensive when I travelled to San Francisco last week for Apple's
iPhone launch. If -rumours were true, the most -notable iPhone 7 feature would
be something taken from the -device, something users still wanted.

After nine generations of iPhone, there'd be no audio jack, and every device you
owned with a 3.5mm jack - headsets, speakers, selfie sticks, audio docks - would
be cactus. As Apple said last week, 3.5mm jacks had been with us since the
1800s, used then in telephone exchanges.

At first, removal of the audio jack seemed a travesty, but the more I used
iPhone 7 with Apple's new wireless AirPods, the less I missed that little
socket. I got over my grief.

Apple is not alone in wanting to ditch the 3.5mm jack, so expect competing
Android phone makers to axe the 3.5mm jack too, -especially if it means better
audio quality. The old jack's time is up.

There are situations where I wouldn't use AirPods: running, cycling, at the
beach, on the dance floor or in areas where they could be snatched from your
ears, like earrings. I wouldn't give them to children or leave them near
toddlers who could swallow them.

Apart from playing music through Bluetooth, AirPods are like having Big Brother
on your earlobes as the phone knows what you're doing with your AirPods. Open
the AirPod's small container, and my phone would display a pop-up inviting me to
connect them. Take them out of your ears and the music stops.

My AirPods worked up to 25m from iPhone 7 and I could communicate with Apple's
assistant Siri by tapping twice on an AirPod. I tested the battery life of
iPhone 6s Plus, 7 and 7 Plus, continuously playing 1080p video at 50 per cent
screen brightness. iPhone 7 Plus with its larger battery came in best with 12.5
hours video on a single charge. Then came iPhone 6s Plus with almost 11 hours
followed by iPhone 7 at 10 hours 37 minutes.

Photos taken with the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus cameras displayed more subtle colours.
Greens and reds were more pronounced. Photos in lower light were clearer, as
were darker sections of photos. Being water -resistant means iPhone 7 will
survive getting wet in a downpour or being dropped in the bath.

While iPhone 7 isn't a quantum leap beyond its predecessor, it's an attractive
proposition, -particularly for Apple users whose two-year contracts are due for
renewal.LIFE P16

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             673 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                               Australian Edition

Goodbye jack: music to our ears

BYLINE: Chris Griffith

SECTION: THENATION; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 388  words


I was apprehensive when I travelled to San Francisco last week for Apple's
iPhone launch. If -rumours were true, the most -notable iPhone 7 feature would
be something taken from the -device, something users still wanted.

After nine generations of iPhone, there'd be no audio jack, and every device you
owned with a 3.5mm jack - headsets, speakers, selfie sticks, audio docks - would
be cactus. As Apple said last week, 3.5mm jacks had been with us since the
1800s, used then in telephone exchanges.

At first, removal of the audio jack seemed a travesty, but the more I used
iPhone 7 with Apple's new wireless AirPods, the less I missed that little
socket. I got over my grief.

Apple is not alone in wanting to ditch the 3.5mm jack, so expect competing
Android phone makers to axe the 3.5mm jack too, -especially if it means better
audio quality. The old jack's time is up.

There are situations where I wouldn't use AirPods: running, cycling, at the
beach, on the dance floor or in areas where they could be snatched from your
ears, like earrings. I wouldn't give them to children or leave them near
toddlers who could swallow them.

Apart from playing music through Bluetooth, AirPods are like having Big Brother
on your earlobes as the phone knows what you're doing with your AirPods. Open
the AirPod's small container, and my phone would display a pop-up inviting me to
connect them. Take them out of your ears and the music stops.

My AirPods worked up to 25m from iPhone 7 and I could communicate with Apple's
assistant Siri by tapping twice on an AirPod. I tested the battery life of
iPhone 6s Plus, 7 and 7 Plus, continuously playing 1080p video at 50 per cent
screen brightness. iPhone 7 Plus with its larger battery came in best with 12.5
hours video on a single charge. Then came iPhone 6s Plus with almost 11 hours
followed by iPhone 7 at 10 hours 37 minutes.

Photos taken with the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus cameras displayed more subtle colours.
Greens and reds were more pronounced. Photos in lower light were clearer, as
were darker sections of photos. Being water -resistant means iPhone 7 will
survive getting wet in a downpour or being dropped in the bath.

While iPhone 7 isn't a quantum leap beyond its predecessor, it's an attractive
proposition, -particularly for Apple users whose two-year contracts are due for
renewal.LIFE P16

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             674 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Snapdeal partners Amex to offer Rs 10,000 off on iPhone7, 7 Plus

LENGTH: 483  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 6 -- E-commerce major Snapdeal has partnered with American
Express to offer the latter's card members a discount of Rs 10,000 when they buy
the latest edition of iPhone from its platform.


 "....an instant Rs 10,000 off on Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus for American Express
Card members. The offer will go live on Snapdeal at 00:00 hours on October 7,
2016," it said.
 Unveiled last month, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus would be available in India
from tomorrow at a starting price of Rs 60,000 across multiple platforms.
 This is an exclusive partnership under which Amex is giving a special price to
its card users when they purchase an iPhone 7/7 Plus on Snapdeal using an Amex
card, Snapdeal said in an emailed statement.
 The discount can also be clubbed with the on-going exchange offers on the
e-commerce portal on phones and zero cost EMIs, it added.
 "We have entered into a strategic partnership with American Express and are
excited to bring yet another much sought after and iconic product to our
customers with an attractive offer," Snapdeal co-founder Rohit Bansal said.
 The latest version of Apple's smartphone would be available on platforms like
Flipkart and Tata CliQ as well.
 Tata CliQ is offering its customers Rs 10,000 deferred cashback with HDFC
credit and debit cards (issued in India).
 The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB
storage variants in silver, gold and rose gold colours. The new jet black colour
variant will come only in 128GB and 256GB variants.
 While the 32GB phone will be available for Rs 60,000, the pricing of the other
models has not been disclosed.
 iPhone 7 features a 4.7-inch display with 3D touch, while iPhone 7 Plus has a
5.5-inch Retina HD display with 3D touch.
 Both the smartphones are powered by a new quad-core Apple A10 Fusion processor,
which it claims is 40 per cent faster than the previous generation.
 The iOS 10-powered iPhone 7 sports a 12MP iSight camera and 4K video recording.
The iPhone 7 Plus has dual 12MP rear cameras - one wide-angle and a telephoto
lens.
 The handsets come with IP67 rating, signifying the fact that it is water and
dust resistant, a first for the Apple smartphone.
 The Cupertino-based company is betting big on the Indian market. In July, Apple
CEO Tim Cook had said that India is one of its fastest growing markets.
 In a separate statement, Snapdeal said it has sold over 11 million units during
its Unbox Diwali Sale that started on October 2.
 "Snapdeal sold more than 11 million units during its Unbox Diwali Sale held
from October 2-6, 2016. Fashion, home (general merchandise) and electronics were
highest selling categories by volume in that order," it added.
 "The Unbox Diwali Sale has been a great success for us on all metrics. We saw a
4 times increase of new users who shopped at Snapdeal as compared to last
Diwali," Snapdeal co-founder and CEO Kunal Bahl said.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             675 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 1:44 PM GMT

Apple store goes offline ahead of iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch event;
Users are greeted with the message: "We can't wait to show you what we have in
store"

BYLINE: By John Shammas

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 263 words


Apple's store has gone offline ahead of today's expected iPhone 7 and Apple
Watch 2 launch event.

Shoppers are greeted by the message: "We can't wait to show you what we have in
store" when they visit the site.

The message adds: "Our virtual doors are just about to open. Thank you so much
for your enthusiasm and your patience as we work to get everyone in as quick as
possible.

"Keep checking back, because it won't be long now."

Follow our iPhone 7 live blog here.

Gadget fans will finally find out what is special about the iPhone 7 when it is
unveiled by Apple at a "special event" in San Francisco later today.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

Rumours have been swirling about the new iPhone for months, with numerous
tip-offs and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone

The most persistent rumour is that Apple is going to get rid of the headphone
socket , meaning users will either have to use wireless Bluetooth headphones to
listen to music, or buy a pair of wired headphones that plug into the Lightning
port - currently used for charging.

There is also talk of a new camera with dual 12-megapixel lenses , which would
be able to snap SLR-quality photos and create special effects such as "bokeh".

However, this may only feature on the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus , not the 4.7-inch
iPhone 7.

The event will kick off at 10am local time, (6pm BST) at the Bill Graham Civic
Auditorium in San Francisco.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             676 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Edmonton Sun

                            September 9, 2016 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Bring back the jack; Critics take Apple to task for removal of headphone ports
on new iPhone models

BYLINE: Steve Tilley, Edmonton Sun

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A29

LENGTH: 446  words


On the heels of Wednesday's announcement of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, the
electronics giant is being taken to task by some fans and critics for removing
the headphone jack on the new iPhone models, in stores Sept. 16.

Instead of the 3.5-mm jack that's been a consumer electronics staple since
before the days of the original Sony Walkman, Apple has opted to have the iPhone
7's so-called Lightning port double as its headphone connector. Earbuds that
plug into the Lightning port - which is also used for charging and data transfer
- will be included with the iPhone 7, along with an adapter for regular
headphones.

While the iPhone 7 (starting at $899 with no cellphone carrier contract) and
iPhone 7 Plus (starting at $1,049) have incremental new features like a faster
processor, a water-resistant shell and an improved, dual-lens camera, the lion's
share of the attention seems to be aimed at the missing headphone jack, a design
decision that had been rumoured for many months.

Cranky posts and sarcastic memes dotted the front page of social news site
Reddit on Thursday, with some critics seeing Apple's announcement of new
wireless earbuds dubbed AirPods, coming in October for $219, as salt in the
missing headphone jack wound. (I know it would take me roughly eight seconds to
lose one of those things, if they stayed put in my mutant ears to begin with.)

The Apple faithful point to the company's forward-thinking decision to remove
DVDROM drives from the MacBook Air line of laptops as proof that not all
features need to endure forever. And it's true: these days, most thin and light
laptops don't include the increasingly irrelevant optical disc drives.

But it's a bit of a - no pun intended - apples and oranges comparison. The
iPhone's Lightning port is proprietary Apple technology, meaning people who want
to plug their cans directly into their iPhone 7 will either need to reply on an
easy-to-misplace adapter or buy new headphones from Apple, or someone who has
licensed Apple's tech.Th

at said, the headphone jack kerfuffle is getting a little blown out of
proportion. These are $1,000-plus consumer electronics products, not the keys to
food, water and shelter. They come with compatible headphones and an adapter, so
it's not necessary to run out immediately to buy a new accessory. And if people
feel really strongly about it - or about the iPhone 7 not offering any
groundbreaking new tech to begin with - they simply won't buy one.

Will this put a meaningful dent in iPhone 7 sales? I'd be surprised if it did.
We'll have to wait and see. Or hear.

stilley@postmedia.com

@stevetilley

stevetilley !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Ap; The lightning port of an iPhone 7 doubles for
headphones.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Edmonton Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                             677 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Manchester Evening News

                            August 13, 2016 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Welcome to 7th heaven

SECTION: SATURDAY EXTRA;FEATURES; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 659 words


WE ALL know that only one thing can excite the internet more than a Kardashian
derriÈre - and that's a new iPhone.

And while I can't claim to be up on Kim and co, I can tell you all there is to
know about the next phone from Apple - which could well be in your hands in a
little over a month.

Yes - the iPhone 7 is on the horizon, so now is as good a time as any to round
up the rumours and explore what delights Tim Cook and his pals from Cupertino
may have in store for us.

Here's what they're saying on the world wide web. Although remember - nobody but
Tim's inner circle know for sure if any of this is true...

DESIGN 'DISAPPOINTMENT' THE iPhone 7 will look very much like the iPhone 6S
(with perhaps fewer antenna bands on the back), so don't expect anything
groundbreaking. Lots of people will say that this means Apple is finished and
the phone will be a dud - but it'll sell like those hot cakes everyone's always
talking about.

It'll come in the 4.7in and 5.5in sizes currently available. Next year the
iPhone turns 10, and Apple will keep its design power dry this year for
something spectacular to mark that milestone.

The will look the 6S, run on CAMERAS AT THE DOUBLE THE iPhone 7 Plus will come
with a dual-lens rear camera that should produce much sharper images and perform
better in low light.

It may also be able to perform some kind of 3D scanning magic. The smaller
iPhone won't have this camera, though - just the one lens, but better than the
6S.

JACK IT IN THE iPhone 7 will have no headphone jack. So how will we listen to
our music? Apple will include headphones that attach to the phone via the
lightning port on the bottom, or will offer up wireless headphones that connect
to the phone using bluetooth (maybe even both).

This may mean that you will be able to charge the phone wirelessly (like the
Apple Watch), so you will still be able to charge the phone and listen to music
iPhone 7 a lot like and will iOS 10 at the same time. There will be an adapter
available which will allow you to use your current headphones - but you will
have to pay extra for this, and people will be very angry about that.

WATER WORK THE iPhone 7 will be water resistant. Other smartphones can be
submerged 1.5m under water for 30 minutes and surface unscathed - if Apple isn't
looking to match that, it's going to look very silly indeed.

BUTTON FLUSH THE home button on both models will not be a 'real' button, and
will sit flush to the face of the phone.

It will employ sophisticated haptic feedback (also known as vibration) to make
it feel like the button clicks when you press it, but the button will not
actually move. The same technology is used in the trackpads of MacBooks.

FASTER AND LONGER IT ALMOST goes without saying that the iPhone 7 will feature
the next generation A10 chip from Apple and will be faster than the iPhone 6S.

It'll also have better battery life. Although perhaps not much better given the
improvements in the cameras.

GOING PRO THERE might be a third iPhone model called the iPhone Pro. It will
have a 5.5in screen, and will be the one that has the dual-lens (while the
regular 7 Plus will have the same single lens as the 7).

It will also feature a 'smart connector' (as seen on the iPad Pro), and support
the Apple Pencil.

An Apple Watch watchOS MAKE A DATE THE iPhone 7 will be revealed at a special
Apple event in San Fransisco on September 7, and will go on sale on September
16.

WATCH OUT FOR THE WATCH APPLE will reveal the Apple Watch 2.0 at the same event
- the current first-generation model is now two years old.

The new version will look similar to the current model, but will be faster and
will include a GPS radio and an improved barometer. Apple will go big on selling
the health and fitness elements of the watch.

running 3 SOFTWARE UPDATE WE'VE seen iOS 10 that will run on these new iPhones,
and watchOS 3 that will power the new watches. Expect the software to be
released at the same time as the new phones drop.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: An Apple Watch running watchOS 3The iPhone 7 will look a lot like the
6S, and will run on iOS 10Apple CEO Tim Cook, left, and his inner circle are the
only ones who know for sure what the iPhone 7will offerWatch 2 will focus health
and fitness

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MEN


                     Copyright 2016 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             678 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              liverpoolecho.co.uk

                      July 14, 2016 Thursday 12:00 PM GMT

iPhone 7 release date, price and latest rumours about Apple's new device;
The new smart phone by Apple is expected to be available from Septemeber

BYLINE: By Amy Browne

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 380 words


The iPhone 7 is predicted to launch next month with shoppers expected to spend
hours queueing outside the Apple store in Liverpool One.

Both the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6 were launched in September and notorious leaker
Evan Blass has pinned the date down to the week of September 12.

The tech giant usually reveals its latest smartphone in September to finish the
year on a sales high with shoppers able to take advantage of Black Friday deals
and Christmas sales.

With the release possibly just weeks away, the rumour mill is going into
overdrive with speculation of what the iPhone 7 will look like, with supposedly
leaked images emerging on social media.

Rumours have surfaced that the new design will see the headphone socket ditched,
the home key removed in favour of an on-screen button, and a more powerful and
efficient processor.

It's also being claimed that the iPhone 7 will feature a dual-lens camera, which
could allow users to snap SLR quality photos and 3D images. A video by Unbox
Therapy has been uploaded to YouTube, showing a large cut out for the rear
camera on what it claims to be the flagship iPhone 7 transparent case.

However, if the leaked images are to be believed, the new model doesn't look
much different in size to the iPhone 6s, which has a thinner body and larger
screen than the iPhone 5 and iPhone 6.

It's unlikely that the iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than previous
models. Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

Supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research at
respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will come
with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

Tech fans gathered outside the Apple store at Liverpool One and queued through
the night to get their hands on the iPhone 6s, when it launched in September
2015. The diehards included Matt Duffy, 34, from Wirral, who is sure to be one
of the first in the queue for the new iPhone, after he said: "I upgrade every
year. I've been further back in the queue before and your heart's racing
wondering whether you're going to get one."

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBLIV


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             679 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                      September 7, 2015 Monday 5:09 AM GMT

How to sell my iPhone: the best ways to cash in ahead of the iPhone 6s or 7
release;
Planning on buying the new iPhone 6s or 7? Here's how to cash in on your old
model

BYLINE: Liz Connor

SECTION: LONDON LIFE

LENGTH: 838 words


As Apple gets set to announce its latest iPhone handset on September 9,
thousands of people will be rushing to sell their old smartphones so they can
make some cash back to buy what's rumouredto be the tech giant's most exciting
launch yet.

If you're one of many iPhone users that are planning to get in lineon launch
day, there are a number of ways you can get rid of your old handset ahead of the
6s (or 7) launch. Here's everything you need to know about selling up.

What to do before you sell your device

Before you sell or give away your device, you should remove your personal
information.

Follow these steps:

Back up your device.

Tap Settings > iCloud. Scroll down and tap Sign Out. In iOS 7 or earlier, tap
Delete Account.

Tap Sign Out again, then tap Delete from My iPhone and enter your password.

Go back to Settings and tap General > Reset > Erase All Content and Settings*.
In iOS 7 or later with Find My iPhone turned on, you'll need your Apple ID and
password.

If asked for your device passcode or Restrictions passcode, enter it. Then, tap
Erase [device].

Contact your carrier for guidance on transferring service to a new owner. If you
aren't using a SIM card with your device, you can contact them to get help
transferring service to the new owner.

Read more

iPhone 6S (or iPhone 7) release date, rumours & new features

Call in the professionals: how to fix your smartphone or tablet with

Is your smartphone turning you into a tech zombie?

Where to sell your iPhone

Trade-in Sites

There are a number of trade-in sites that have sprung up in recent years,
catering to people who want to make a quick buck on their iPhone in the most
hassle-free way.

One of the better known trade in sites is Mazuma Mobile, which will give you one
of the best prices on the market for your iPhone. For a 64GB unlocked iPhone 6
in working condition Mazuma is offering £360. This might not fetch you as much
money as selling the handset yourself, but the value of sites like Mazuma is in
their no-hassle experience: If you like Mazuma's price you ship them your iPhone
, they'll check it out, then they'll either cut you a check, pay you via bank
transfer or send you Argos gift cards.

Apple is also offering an in-house trade-in service which, essentially, lets you
swap your iPhone for store credit either in your local Apple store or online.
For a fully functioning 32GB iPhone 5s, Apple will credit you £160 to your next
purchase. Best thing of all? You can trade-in and buy your next handset in one
go - reducing the stress and time spent trying to get money back on your old
handset.

Coming soon? Images of a pink Iphone 6s have been circulating the Internet

Amazon

If convenience isn't that important to you, you can get a lot more selling your
device yourself - and Amazon is just one of the places you can do this. The main
advantage of using a site like Amazon is that you can set the price. Amazon will
end up taking about 10 per centin fees, but you still get a much better deal for
your iPhone than you'd get trading it in.

You'll need to create a free seller account and a listing for your iPhone
detailing the exact condition of the handset. You set the 'buy it now' price you
want the buyer to pay and when someone purchase your iPhone Amazon will send you
an email. You'll then need to package and post the phone yourself.

It's worth noting that Amazon holds your funds for 14 days to make sure you
actually deliver the iPhone to the buyer. This means if you need the cash to buy
your next handset, you'll need to time your sell so you can access the funds on
the day.

eBay

Essentially, people can bid for your iPhone or you can set a Buy It Now price.
These two methods ensure you'll get a better price for your iPhone on eBay than
at a trade-in site if you set the minimum bidding price at what you expect to be
paid at a trade-in site and get a quote from your local post office for the
posting costs.

It's more hassle than simply dropping off your phone at the Apple store, but the
eBay app makes taking and uploading pictures much easier than the days of
listing from your desktop computer. However, one major drawback to consider is
that when eBay and PayPal fees are taken into account you'll end up losing
almost 15 per centof your selling price in fees.

Gumtree

Unlike trade-in sites and Amazon or eBay, Gumtree doesn't help with the
financial transaction at all - which means you won't lose your profit margin to
sellers fees.

The site works like a virtual notice board - you place your ad listing with the
price and location and local buyers can email you to arrange meeting you with
cash.

Naturally, one of the major flaws of Gumtree is that despite the
straight-forward cash-in-hand nature of the sale, there are many unscrupulous
buyers and sellers on Gumtree, so it's important to proceed with caution.
Remember to agree to meet in a very public, well lit place with a friend and
only accept cash.

Good luck...

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2015 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             680 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 6:13 PM GMT

Amazon just accidentally leaked the new iPhone 7 on its online store;
Amazon unveiled the iPhone on a specialised page dedicated to iPhone 7
accessories.

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 197 words


Amazon has just accidentally lifted the lid on Apple's upcoming smartphone one
hour before the company's iPhone 7 launch event by revealing the phone in a
specialised page dedicated to iPhone 7 accessories.

The image includes an iPhone with the rumored dual back-facing camera alongside
a link for Bluetooth headphones, which likely confirms the long rumored removal
of the headphone jack in the upcoming handset.

From what we can see, the phone featured in the page looks very similar the
iPhone 6, except for the dual cameras. The phone will reportedly have four LED
flash lights - two in cool colours, and two in warm colours - and an ambient
light sensor.

Forget the iPhone 7 launch - experts say wait for the iPhone 8

Amazon took the page down shortly afterTwitter users had discovered it and
replaced it with a "Sorry, we couldn't find that page" error notice, however it
seems to be live again now .

As expected, the Twitter users reacted with elation to the announcement.

Apple is set to announce the new iPhone in the next our at an event in San
Francisco. Stay with us for updates on the annoucnement.

The iPhone 7 is about to launch but everyone just wants Apple to fix one thing

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             681 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 1, 2016 Thursday 12:53 PM GMT

iPhone 7 Plus leaked video appears to confirm dual lens camera and NO headphone
jack;
A recording of what appears to be the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced, confirming
rumours of a dual-lens camera and the removal of the headphone jack

BYLINE: By Rhiannon Williams

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 342 words


A video of what seems to be the iPhone 7 Plus has been posted online, and
appears to confirm some long-standing rumours.

The six-second clip, depicting a large rose gold iPhone Plus being turned over
in someone's hand, was uploaded to Twitter by Apple leaker Sonny Dickson and
then quickly deleted.

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone

When the phone is flipped onto its front, a dual camera lens becomes visible.
Tipping its bottom edge towards the camera also reveals that, while it has a
lightning port for charging, there is no 3.5mm headphone jack to be seen.

Apple's 2017 iPhone model could have a curved screen just like the Samsung
Galaxy S7 Edge

The removal of the headphone jack has been one of the most persistent rumours
surrounding the iPhone 7, and this clip appears to confirm it.

The smartphone, due to be launched next week on Wednesday 7 September, is highly
likely to ship with wireless headphones known as airpods , according to a
patent.

Other rumours include the removal of the white plastic antenna bands , which
stretch across the back of the current iPhone 6s generation, and waterproofing.

However, the video does appear to dispel another report.

It has long been believed the iPhone 7 was going to get rid of the physical home
button , but the video alongside some pictures Dickson uploaded earlier this
month suggest otherwise.

A second clip Dickson posted shows a hand dragging slowly across three iPhone
screens, before turning over the far right model to show a dual camera lens.

The decision to remove the headphone jack has the potential to annoy a lot of
fans, Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak has said.

"If it's missing the 3.5mm earphone jack, that's going to tick off a lot of
people," Woz told the Australian Financial Review .

"I have cars where you can plug in the music, or go through Bluetooth, and
Bluetooth just sounds so flat for the same music," he said.

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             682 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     August 31, 2016 Wednesday 5:09 PM GMT

iPhone 7 Plus leaked video appears to confirm dual lens camera and NO headphone
jack;
A recording of what appears to be the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced, confirming
rumours of a dual-lens camera and the removal of the headphone jack

BYLINE: By Rhiannon Williams

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 342 words


A video of what seems to be the iPhone 7 Plus has been posted online, and
appears to confirm some long-standing rumours.

The six-second clip, depicting a large rose gold iPhone Plus being turned over
in someone's hand, was uploaded to Twitter by Apple leaker Sonny Dickson and
then quickly deleted.

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone

When the phone is flipped onto its front, a dual camera lens becomes visible.
Tipping its bottom edge towards the camera also reveals that, while it has a
lightning port for charging, there is no 3.5mm headphone jack to be seen.

Apple's 2017 iPhone model could have a curved screen just like the Samsung
Galaxy S7 Edge

The removal of the headphone jack has been one of the most persistent rumours
surrounding the iPhone 7, and this clip appears to confirm it.

The smartphone, due to be launched next week on Wednesday 7 September, is highly
likely to ship with wireless headphones known as airpods , according to a
patent.

Other rumours include the removal of the white plastic antenna bands , which
stretch across the back of the current iPhone 6s generation, and waterproofing.

However, the video does appear to dispel another report.

It has long been believed the iPhone 7 was going to get rid of the physical home
button , but the video alongside some pictures Dickson uploaded earlier this
month suggest otherwise.

A second clip Dickson posted shows a hand dragging slowly across three iPhone
screens, before turning over the far right model to show a dual camera lens.

The decision to remove the headphone jack has the potential to annoy a lot of
fans, Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak has said.

"If it's missing the 3.5mm earphone jack, that's going to tick off a lot of
people," Woz told the Australian Financial Review .

"I have cars where you can plug in the music, or go through Bluetooth, and
Bluetooth just sounds so flat for the same music," he said.

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             683 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            October 23, 2016 Sunday

After a month, users review Apple's iPhone 7, iOS 10

BYLINE: ERIK HOGSTROM erik.hogstrom@thmedia.com BY ERIK HOGSTROM
erik.hogstrom@thmedia.com

SECTION: D; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 477 words


iPhone and iPad users have had a month to become accustomed to the iOS 10 system
upgrade for their devices, and the iPhone 7 smartphone debuted a month ago, too.

Bailey Theisen, 19, of La Motte, Iowa, has had iOS 10 on her iPhone 6 for more
than a month.

"It has a lot of cool updates," Theisen said. "I like all the new things with
messages. You can hold down the 'send' button and send it different ways."

Message senders have delivery options that include "loud," "gentle," "slam" and
"invisible ink."

iPhone users who updated to iOS 10 noticed one change immediately. Instead of
swiping the screen to unlock the phone, users must depress the start button.

Depress the button too long, though, and the voice-control app Siri appears.

Swiping a locked screen with iOS 10 now pulls up the smartphone's camera.

"I still do that sometimes," Theisen said.

Other changes in the operating system include additional emojis for messages and
a new interface for the native maps app.

Clarke University President Sister Joanne Burrows acquired an iPhone 7 when the
battery died on her previous smartphone, an iPhone 6.

"I don't know that I notice much of a difference," Burrows said of the new
device. "It's a little bit lighter and it's annoying that it's just enough
different that I can't put it in my iPhone 6 case. It's just another way for
them to make you buy something new."

Burrows has noticed there is a difference with photo quality of the iPhone 7's
camera.

"It's got an amazing camera," she said. "The pictures are clearer - you can just
see it."

iPhone 7 and 7 Plus came with faster processors and longer battery lives but
dispensed with the analog headphone jack that had been included on smartphones
for decades.

Burrows doesn't miss the headphone jack.

"They send you new earbuds that have the right jack and they include the adapter
for whatever other headphones you've got," she said.

Burrows said the longer battery life also means she doesn't need to use the
iPhone 7's jack for charging as much.

The iPhone 7 is Burrows' third version of the Apple smartphone.

"I had an Android to start with, but then the folks here said, 'You really to
get an iPhone.'"

Hannah Thorson, Clarke's web and social media manager, has an iPhone 6 and
upgraded to iOS 10.

"I personally love the iMessage," Thorson said. "I like the ability to interact
with group messages. You can 'like' certain messages or 'laugh' at them."

iMessage also now boasts a "handwritten" feature: Users tap on the iMessage text
field, then turn the device in Landscape mode to reveal a blank page with
pre-written options or users can write their own "handwritten" messages.

"I like that there are new emojis but some of them have changed - the looks of
them have changed," Thorson said. "I also use the notes app a lot. Now, you are
able to share and collaborate with other people, like you can share a grocery
list."

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             684 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Chennai Online

                         September 8, 2016 6:30 AM EST

Apple unveils stunning iPhone7, iPhone 7 Plus, Apple Watch Series 2 for iOS
lovers

LENGTH: 531  words


Ending round-the-clock rumours that had sent the world of technology into a
tizzy for quite some time now, Apple on Wednesday unveiled its stunning iPhone 7
and iPhone 7 Plus along with next-generation 'Apple Watch Series 2' at the
jam-packed Bill Graham Civic Auditorium here.

So, this is what iPhone 7 finally has: Water and dust resistance, dual-lens
camera (in iPhone 7 Plus), a pressure-sensitive home button, 7 MP HD front
camera and 12 MP rear main camera.

The phone will come in four colours: Jet Black, gold, silver and rose gold.

"Optical image stabilisation in all new iPhones, allowing for up to 3x longer
exposure," Tech Crunch reported.

Apple's twin lens setup is wide angle and telephoto in the iPhone 7 Plus.

For actual, optical zoom, one lens handles 1x zoom; the other handles 2x, the
report added. iPhone 7 Plus now has 10x zoom.

The camera app is getting a "portrait" mode that'll use the dual-lenses and
depth mapping to simulate the DSLR visual quality.

"We're not saying that iPhone replaces your DSLR. We're saying this is the best
camera we've ever built in any iPhone. For many customers, it'll be the best
camera they've ever owned," said Philip W. Schiller, Senior Vice President
(Worldwide Marketing) at Apple.

The device also has a quad-LED flash with 50 per cent light output, and can
detect/compensate for the imperceptible flickering of energy efficient lights.

Starting at $369, the 'Apple Watch Series 2' will be water resistant to 50
metres and the speaker will literally repel the water like a piston.

Pre-orders for 'Series 2' will open on September 9 and the shipment will start
from September 16.

"The Watch uses the speaker as a sonic water impeller to push water out after a
swim," Tech Crunch reported.

The device will have a dual core processor with GPU that is up to two times
faster. The second generation Watch will have the brightest display ever 1,000
nits so that users can see it in full sunlight) and runs watchOS 3.

"If you've used a GPS Watch before, you know that sometimes it can take a while
to connect to satellites. With Apple Watch, you just hit start and it's ready,"
Jeff Williams, Apple's Chief Operating Officer, told the gathering.

Apple also introduced a new ceramic Watch case and band. The tech giant will
continue its partnership with Hermes to build Series 2 Watches.

Apple also unveiled Apple Watch Nike+ -- a watch built with runners in mind.

"Selling in just eight months of 2015, we became the second most popular watch
brand [behind Rolex]," Williams said earlier.

The GPS-powered Pokemon Go game has also arrived on Apple Watch.

Apple Watch series 1 will start at $269.

"Since its launch, Apple Music has grown to 17 million subscribers. Seventeen
million Apple Music subscribers compared to 39 million for digital music service
Spotify," Apple CEO Tim Cook announced.

"140 billion apps have been downloaded from the iOS App Store till date. In the
last two months, we've seen [downloads] grow by 106 per cent year over year,"
Cook told the audience, adding that Apple App Store has seen two times as much
revenue as our closest competitor.

Apple also debuted a 'Notify' option on the App Store for a brand new "Super
Mario Run" game.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


 Copyright 2016 Chennai Interactive Business Services (P) Ltd., distributed by
                                  Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             685 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

Apple iPhone 7 Plus' listing reveals key processor details

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 281 words


NEW DELHI: Even as we are just days away from Apple's September 7 event where
the company is expected to launch its newest iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
smartphones, the leaks and rumours just don't seem to stop. And this time, the
unannounced iPhone 7 Plus has hit Geekbench smartphone benchmarking website. The
benchmark listing has revealed some key specifications of the smartphone.As per
the listing, iPhone 7 Plus will run iOS 10.1 out-of-the-box and will be powered
by a dual-core processor . It is rumoured that the new models will feature
Apple's newest A10 processor, along with 2GB of RAM.The benchmarking website
lists the upcoming smartphone's single-core and multi-core performance scores.

The iPhone 7 Plus scores 3379 in single-core performance,a significant increase
over the iPhone 6s Plus' 2526. It is also more than the score achieved by the
Exynos-powered variant of the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 - 2067. The 'highlight' of
the upcoming iPhone 7 models is likely to be the omission of the 3.5mm audio
jack. It's expected to be replaced by the Lightning port, and the company might
also introduce Bluetooth-enabled EarPods .New Beats by Dre products are also
rumoured to launch at the Apple keynote event. It is still unclear what kinds of
Beats products will be unveiled, but the brand is known for a variety of
headphones and portable Bluetooth speakers. Apple acquired Beats for $3 billion
in 2014.Another highlight is expected to be the iPhone 7 Plus' dual rear camera
setup. The dual cameras are expected to bring more post-clicking features and
greater flexibility in adjusting the depth of field of images after they have
been clicked.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             686 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

Apple iPhone 7 Plus' listing reveals key processor details

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 281 words


NEW DELHI: Even as we are just days away from Apple's September 7 event where
the company is expected to launch its newest iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
smartphones, the leaks and rumours just don't seem to stop. And this time, the
unannounced iPhone 7 Plus has hit Geekbench smartphone benchmarking website. The
benchmark listing has revealed some key specifications of the smartphone.As per
the listing, iPhone 7 Plus will run iOS 10.1 out-of-the-box and will be powered
by a dual-core processor . It is rumoured that the new models will feature
Apple's newest A10 processor, along with 2GB of RAM.The benchmarking website
lists the upcoming smartphone's single-core and multi-core performance scores.

The iPhone 7 Plus scores 3379 in single-core performance,a significant increase
over the iPhone 6s Plus' 2526. It is also more than the score achieved by the
Exynos-powered variant of the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 - 2067. The 'highlight' of
the upcoming iPhone 7 models is likely to be the omission of the 3.5mm audio
jack. It's expected to be replaced by the Lightning port, and the company might
also introduce Bluetooth-enabled EarPods .New Beats by Dre products are also
rumoured to launch at the Apple keynote event. It is still unclear what kinds of
Beats products will be unveiled, but the brand is known for a variety of
headphones and portable Bluetooth speakers. Apple acquired Beats for $3 billion
in 2014.Another highlight is expected to be the iPhone 7 Plus' dual rear camera
setup. The dual cameras are expected to bring more post-clicking features and
greater flexibility in adjusting the depth of field of images after they have
been clicked.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             687 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                           October 12, 2016 Wednesday

[News Focus] Rivals eye gap left by outgoing Samsung Galaxy Note 7

LENGTH: 563 words


In the aftermath of Samsung Electronics' decision to discontinue sales and
production of the problem-ridden Galaxy Note 7 globally, attention is now
shifting to which alternative smartphones consumers around the world will turn
to instead.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]Samsung on Tuesday announced that it is "officially ending the
sales as well as production of the smartphone to ensure consumer safety,"
following multiple incidents in which the exchanged Note 7 devices fitted with
new batteries caught fire due to overheating.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]The South Korean electronics giant also initiated a global
refund and exchange program, including in the US and Korea, in partnership with
local carriers and retail partners. Customers can receive a full refund or
exchange their Note 7 devices with any other smartphone.

Galaxy Note 7 boxes are shown in a pile at a smartphone retailer in Seoul on
Wednesday after Samsung Electronics` decision to discontinue sales of the device
globally, Tuesday. (Yonhap)

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]As Samsung pulls the Note 7 from the world's biggest markets
for premium smartphones, rival electronics giants Apple, LG Electronics and
Google are expected to score new purchases from some 2.6 million Galaxy Note 7
owners looking for alternative high-end smartphones.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]Apple's newly released iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, LG
Electronics' V20 and Google's new premium Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones are
slated to compete for market share in the absence of Samsung's Galaxy Note 7.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]Customers who are familiar with Android-based smartphones are
likely to prefer smartphones from Google and LG, while others disappointed with
the Samsung brand could choose to switch to Apple's iOS-based iPhone models.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]At the same time, some users who remain loyal to Samsung may
turn to former Samsung smartphones -- including the Galaxy Note 5 launched last
year or the smaller-sized Galaxy S7 released earlier this year -- or simply wait
for the release of the Galaxy S8 next year.

The iPhone 7 (Reuters-Yonhap)

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]Last month, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus began sales in more
than 30 countries around the world including the US and China. The two new
iPhone models are slated for release on Oct. 21 in Korea.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]The iPhone 7 features a 4.7-inch display while the iPhone 7
Plus comes with a larger 5.5-inch full HD display. Both devices run on the iOS
10 operating system.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]Setting itself apart from previous models, the new iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus do not have earphone sockets, and are instead accompanied by
wireless earphones -- which has driven some customers away from the new iPhones.

The LG V20 (Yonhap)

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]Meanwhile, LG Electronics has the 5.7-inch LG V20, co-designed
by LG and Denmark-based luxury stereo brand Bang & Olufsen, boasting high-end
audio and camera features. It runs on the Google Android 7.0 Nougat operating
system and comes with a removable battery. The LG V20 is slated to launch in the
US by Oct. 28. The device is already available in Korea.

Google`s Pixel (AP-Yonhap)

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]Google's 5-inch Pixel and 5.5-inch Pixel XL are also strong
options favored by Android enthusiasts. The Pixel comes with a 12.3-megapixel
rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facng selfie camera. It is also the first
phone to officially feature the artificial intelligence software Google
Assistance.

The device is slated for release in the US later this month. Google has yet to
announce a launch date for Korea.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]By Sohn Ji-young (

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             688 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple iPhone 7 launch date in India: The new smartphone arrives on October 7;
The new Apple iPhone 7 is to be made available for sale in Indian markets on
October 7, this year.-- Delivered by Feed43 service

BYLINE: FE Online

LENGTH: 329  words


The new Apple iPhone 7 is to be made available for sale in Indian markets on
October 7, this year. The price of the phone is expected to be a tad more than
Rs 60,ooo. Earlier today, Apple's yearly September event took place at the Bill
Graham Civic Auditorium, San Francisco. Speculations were ripe in India about
the launch the new iPhone 7 in the country. To ensure a wider public can tune
in, the live stream the event on Apple's official website. From the variants in
colours to its newly certified waterproof status, all the specifications of the
Apple iPhone 7 have been speculated about, but the picture has been drawn too
neatly by the tech giant to leave any clues behind.

However, Indian users would have to wait for a while top buy the Cupertino
giant's new iPhone 7. Reports indicate that the Apple iPhone 7 is to hit the
Indian markets by October 7, which is also the most of many festivities in the
country. Apple seems to have played a master stroke in matters of timing. India
is currently the third largest smartphone market in the world and is expected to
move up to the 2nd position very soon. So offering the iPhone 7 on sale during
the festival season would boost Apple's sales by a large number. Availability of
the new Apple iPhone 7 during the first week of October is a welcome move from
the tech giant. If Apple had gone with its regular trend of launching the
smartphone in late December, it would have committed the mistake of negligence
of a massive demography.

The current market for Apple in India stands at just 30%, which means the scope
for growth is huge. Apple has in recent years tried to boost its sales in India
and has achieved an impressive success rate of 56% growth per year. It seems
that Tim Cook's recent visit to the country to set up a Development Office in
Hyderabad was a clear indication for the good times to come for Apple's loyal
users in India as the phone is being launched in the country within a month of
the actual launch.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             689 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             January 3, 2016 Sunday

iPhone 7 Plus rumored to come with a 3,100mAh battery and twice the maximum
internal storage

LENGTH: 422  words


By tbreak Staff -

iPhone 6s Plus is definitely an example of how far Apple has come in innovating
mobile devices, but it appears that iPhone 7 Plus, its direct successor is
already rumored to be sporting very impressive specifications. Starting off, let
us ponder over the battery capacity, where iPhone 7 Plus has been rumored by My
Drivers to sport a 3,100mAh cell, which is 350mAh higher than the 2,750mAh
battery pack in iPhone 6s Plus, which was already considered as a downgrade by
several users.

However, perhaps the biggest change we will be seeing in iPhone 7 Plus apart
from being completely waterproof is the fact that it is going to feature 256GB
of internal storage. So far, Apple has limited its smartphones to 128GB of
on-board memory, but according to the latest rumor, all that could change very
soon. It is a very smart move on Apple's part, seeing as how the globe is
transitioning to carrying a ton of content in their mobile devices for later
viewing, not to mention that 4K content does not exactly go gentle on your
storage. However, while we say this, what is going to happen to the previous
storage models? Are 16GB models going to be cut out of the equation completely,
or is there still room for their existence.

If you ask us, 16GB is already too low to be present in advanced mobile
computing products and since the OS and file system each a small chunk of it,
you have to work around with that limitation. While 16GB might be completely
fine for a small percentage of consumers, a flagship phone with such minuscule
amount of internal memory should definitely be considered a joke. While we wait
in anticipation of iPhone 7 Plus, what about its 4.7 inch sized iPhone 7? Will
it feature the same maximum internal storage capacity or does Apple have
different plans for it.

Due to the sheer size differences, not to mention Apple's affinity in keeping
its mobile products as thin as possible, we should expect the battery capacity
of iPhone 7 Plus to be considerably larger than iPhone 7, but we will definitely
keep you in the loop of what is to come in the foreseeable future. For now, we
definitely cannot wait to see how the larger of the upcoming iPhones is going to
perform. We have also reviewed Apple's iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus to see how
well they fare in our tests, so be sure to check those out while you are reading
this.

2016 is definitely going to be another great year for Apple fans.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/26/145182148532.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/19/145182148551.png



LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             690 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           October 12, 2016 Wednesday

Apple's iPhone 7 allegedly explodes in China

LENGTH: 258  words


While the explosion of Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is not far behind us, a video of an
iPhone 7 exploding in China surfaced online on Monday.

The iPhone 7 is shown on display during an Apple media event in San Francisco,
California, US September 7, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

While the explosion of Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is not far behind us, a video of an
iPhone 7 exploding in China surfaced online on Monday, The Paper reports.

In the video, a man from Zhengzhou, central China's Henan province, said that
his rose-gold iPhone 7 suddenly exploded as he was shooting a video with it last
week. The phone exploded into two parts and left his hands swollen and his face
with some injuries.

Unlike the Galaxy Note 7's explosion, which smoked excessively after burning,
this iPhone 7 exploded leaving no burn marks, and the battery remained in good
condition.

Apple China reported the incident to its headquarters, says The Paper.

This is the first known iPhone 7 explosion in China, but it was not an isolated
incident within the world. An iPhone 6 Plus in California, US, exploded with
black smoke as it was charged and the phone was completely, the ABC News
reported.

Earlier this week, an iPhone 6 Plus belonging to Darina Hlavaty, an American
student, burned suddenly during a class, leaving a burnt hole in her jeans.

For now, there is no evidence that these are isolated incidents and will not
happen again. Apple Inc has not disclosed the measures it will take to resolve
this issue.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/24/147624926101.jpg

a41f726b08411967c11b06.jpg

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             691 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Apple iPhone 7: Here's what people dreamed of but didn't get;
The lack of the headphone jack is by far the biggest shortcoming in the latest
iPhone 7 by Apple which has garnered the maximum flak from smartphone lovers
worldwide.-- Delivered by Feed43 service

BYLINE: Sumit Chakraborty

LENGTH: 534  words


The lack of the headphone jack is by far the biggest shortcoming in the latest
iPhone 7 by Apple which has garnered the maximum flak from smartphone lovers
worldwide. Apple's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, which were announced in San
Francisco on September 7 and are scheduled to start shipping to consumers on
September 16, will not have a port for plugging in earphones. The launch of the
iPhone 7 may not have been as highly anticipated as that of its previous
versions, because of various leaks and rumours. Yet it is expected the sales
will go up, especially after the unfortunate Samsung Galaxy Note 7 'burning'
issue.

Yet it can be said that Apple has not made too many technological advances with
the iPhone 7. The tech giant has squandered its place as the leader in hardware
and software design. The company added a dual-lens camera, water resistance
feature and an upgraded chipset, yet none of them is actually revolutionary.
iPhone lovers worldwide have a few complaints about the missing features in the
new iPhone.

iPhone could transcend the 5th dimension

The way Apple had brought a revolution in the smartphone and laptop market,
people have always expected them to unveil devices which change the course of
history. People expect a Virtual Reality Simulator to integrated biometrics in
the iPhone. According to fans and critics alike, the iPhone needs to be
integrated with human consciousness, and that will be some experience. People
not only want to talk to Siri but also expects her to reads thoughts and guide
actions.

Siri could become A.I. like in movies:

When it was launched, SIRI was expected to bring a revolution in its genre. But
the fact of the matter is that it still hasn't been able to be the best
artificial intelligence that it could have become. People expect it to be
something straight out of the movies. Maybe the next version could be a Jarvis
from Iron Man or Scarlett Johansson from the movie 'Her'. Maybe then people will
'fall in love with the iPhone'. Siri is expected and should rise above the
battle between Microsoft's Cortana, Google Now and itself and be an AI software
which can be used for ANYTHING.

Music that enters directly into the brain:

Leave aside the lack of an audio jack, there should be no headphones. According
to people, the music should be able to enter directly into our brains. Maybe a
mix of biometrics and neural audio is the answer, which will eventually result
in the end of headphone cribs.

GPS could measure things which cannot be, YET.

Apps and devices can capture and measure distances. Location services and GPS
use cameras to do the same. But there is nothing to tell you how far you can go
to achieve something which is not material. It is high time Apple brings out
something which can tell the user how long it will be till he gets some success
in life. Critics hope that iPhone can use the lens and light to guess all of
that maybe.

Charging on the move, by the move

People expect the iPhone to get charged without plugging in anything. Yes.
Nothing at all. No more hoarding and fighting for charging spots. No more
carrying heavy power banks. Maybe like regenerative brakes, iPhone will be able
to get energy from the walk of the user.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             692 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                             July 7, 2016 Thursday

iPhone 7 leaked photos show a smaller, thicker device than the iPhone 6S

BYLINE: dna Web Team

LENGTH: 203  words


With the launch date for the iPhone 7 drawing ever closer, hype and rumours are
both steadily building.

In the latest juicy leak around the device, TechTastic claims it's gotten its
hands on leaked photos of the iPhone 7, that show a device smaller and somewhat
thicker than the iPhone 6S.

The spy shot of the phone's back reveals a slightly larger lens, that's been
shifted closer to the top left of the device, which indicates some of the
internal components have shifted around.

Sponsored by Revcontent

Trending Now

It also seems iPhone has finally taken notice of all the copycats and changed
its design aesthetic as well. The lines of polished metal that previously
interrupted the brushed metal look on the rear cover now instead sit on the
edges, following the phone's curves.

The other photos purportedly show schematics for the iPhone 7, with a
side-by-side comparison to the iPhone 6S. The iPhone 7 is a wee bit shorter than
the current flagship, and is also 0.05mm thicker, at 7.15mm. The device is also
0.7mm narrower than the iPhone 6S, so unfortunately your old cases aren't going
to fit.

Of course, we can't independently verify the authenticity of these images, so
fingers crossed that these images are legitimate.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             693 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 7 Launch: This is How Much the iPhone has Changed in the Last 9
Years!

BYLINE: Jasmine Philip

LENGTH: 596  words


Apple recently launched its next generation of iPhone worldwide. Releasing two
phones at the same time; iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 plus, the upgraded version has
already taken the world by storm.

Right from having a new range of colours to an upgraded camera, the iPhone has
changed several of its features when compared to its launches over the years.
Starting from a price range of Rs. 43,000 all the way to Rs. 60,000, pre-orders
had already begun in several parts of the country. Considered to be one of the
costliest of mobile handsets in the country, the public has never swayed away
from purchasing it in-spite the cost, ever since its launch in 2007.

Apart from the iPhone, Apple has launched its watch series 2 and Air Pad as
well. At the launch event that was held in San Francisco, Super Mario run game
was launched as well. So while Apple has once again swarmed the world with its
new releases, why not take a look at Apple's journey in the last 9 years.

The journey all the way from iPhone 1 first generation launched in the year
2007, to the iPhone 7 and 7 plus launched in the year 2016, Apple's journey has
been one hell of an impressive ride!

iPhone 1 (first generation)

Launch Date: June 2007

iPhone 1 was launched with iPad touch, a touch screen device and a mobile web
browser. Thousands of people were reported to have waited outside the Apple and
AT&T stores in the USA days before its launch.

iPhone 3G (second generation)

Launch Date: July 2008

Apple's new smart phone had the amazing feature of 3G connectivity. It also
launched the App store with the help of which a user could replace his smart TV
with a Windows 8 laptop.

iPhone 3GS (third generation)

Launch Date: June 2009

Although this series was launched with several new features like a better camera
quality, 3.54 inch screen and 320x480 resolution, it failed to make its mark in
the market as the users were unable to find an extra-ordinary difference between
the two models.

iPhone 4 (fourth generation)

Launch Date: June 2010

By the launch of its 4th series, iPhone had pretty much become a fashion
statement among the masses. Launched with a higher resolution and megapixel, the
device also supported HD video recording. Resultant, iPhone 4 was a huge craze.

iPhone 4S (fifth generation)

Launch Date: October 2011

Apart from better features, the phone was also launched with A5 processor which
made the device function faster. It also upgraded its iOS and supported full HD
video recording.

iPhone 5 (sixth generation)

Launch Date: September 2012

Apple's 6th launch decided to work on its screen size and ratio foremost.
Launched with a 4 inch screen, it was almost 20% bigger than its previous
models. It also launched iOS 7 which made the device widely popular.

iPhone 5S/5C (seventh generation)

Launch Date: September 2013

The biggest difference between the two models was its cost. 5C became one of the
cheapest models to be ever launched by Apple. Along with a better battery
back-up and camera quality, it also had the fingerprint option.

iPhone 6/6 Plus (eighth generation)

Launch Date: September 2014

This series of Apple was launched with a bang with amazing features and
hardware. With a screen as wide as 5.5 inch, it also had the A8 processor. The
sale of this series made Apple the number 1 sellers yet again.

iPhone 6S/6S Plus (ninth generation)

Launch Date: September 2015

Alongside a 3D touch feature, it also had the A9 chip which was 70% faster than
its previous models. This wireless chip supported Wi-Fi and 4G connections at a
much faster pace. However, it was the battery back-up that was a challenge.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             694 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                    September 13, 2016 Tuesday 11:41 AM EST

iPhone 7 Review Roundup

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 899  words


Click for image

If you're on the fence about whether or not you want to dive in and get Apple's
new iPhone 7, a number of iPhone 7 reviews went live early this morning and
should help you make a decision in either direction.

By and large, the vast majority of iPhone 7 reviews we've come across thus far
have been overwhelmingly positive. From endless praise about the camera and
overall system-wide performance, it appears that Apple has another blockbuster
product on its hands. Notably, most reviewers found the device's missing 3.5mm
headphone jack to be a minor inconvenience at worst and completely a non-issue
at best.

So to help get you rolling, we've compiled a list of some of the more
informative iPhone 7 reviews for your reading pleasure. One item to keep an eye
on as you read the following reviews and excerpts is how reviewers took to
Apple's new static home button. While some reviewers praised the design, others
were less than impressed.

Wired

The 7 Plus is the more interesting camera, mostly because it's actually two
cameras, both 12 megapixels, each with a different focal length. The wider
camera, at 28mm, is basically the same you'll find in the iPhone 7. Next to it
there's a similar lens at 56mm, and the camera app lets you switch between the
two instantly.

What they offer is real, true, actual zoom on a smartphone. It's only 2x optical
zoom, plus digital zoom up to 10x, but it makes a big difference. Hiking in the
redwoods, I'd take a snap from the ground, then zoom in and appear to be
shooting from among the branches. I could also take portraits without standing
creepy-close, which made friends and loved ones happy. Both cameras capture data
every time you hit the shutter, and the images stitch together to achieve even
more noise reduction and quality assurance.

The iPhone 7 Plus can't match a truly professional-level camera, but I've gotten
more detail and richness from my photos than I can ever remember getting off a
smartphone.

TechCrunch

Now, about that iPhone 7 dual camera. This is quite simply the most
sophisticated camera and image processor pairing ever seen in a smartphone or
any camera period. There have been a couple of other applications of dual camera
setups in phones, but the execution is crude by comparison. The optical zoom
works great, and the 56mm lens naturally adds that nice compression of facial
features and slight blurring of background that a standard lens gives,
especially up close.

BuzzFeed

Apple claims the battery life is two hours more than the 6s. For the iPhone 7,
it runs from 12 hours (continuous web browsing on 3G and LTE) to 40 hours of
wireless audio playback.

On the 7 Plus, you get 13 hours of internet use on data and up to 60 hours of
wireless audio playback. I kept the phone on LTE, streamed music for several
hours on Spotify, used 1.5 hours of background GPS activity on Strava, watched a
video with audio over the new stereo speakers, and checked
Facebook/Snapchat/Twitter incessantly.

Under these fairly aggressive conditions, I got 15 hours with 15% left to go.
What impressed me most was the charging time: The iPhone 7 went from 9% to 96%
in just a little over an hour. The stereo speakers are, as promised, louder than
before. The display is bright as hell. Watching videos and reading text in
direct sunlight isn't as painful.

Mashable

I had a good time placing the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus under running water and
dropping them into water-filled containers and sinks. Not only did they hold up,
but both phones continued to function in the drink. No, you can't use a
capacitive touchscreen underwater (though you can write with the Samsung S-Pen
on the IP68-rated Samsung Galaxy Note7 while it's immersed), but I was able to
use the side button to take pictures and even set the iPhone 7 up to film in
slo-mo while it was underwater. The result was pretty awesome.

Daring Fireball

This new home button is the one and only thing about the iPhone 7 that I don't
like. Why would Apple do this? It does remove one more potential point of
ingress, improving water resistance. But the power and volume buttons are still
actual buttons, and the iPhone 7 is IP67 water resistant. To me, it feels worse,
not better. I could wind up in the minority on this point, but hands-on room
feedback was on my side, and, well, I consider myself a connoisseur of button
clickiness.

The Verge

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are legitimately among the most interesting,
opinionated, powerful phones Apple has ever shipped, and the most confident
expressions of the company's vision in a long time. iOS 10 is excellent, the
cameras are better, and the performance is phenomenal. And the batteries last
longer. These are terrific phones.

But they are also incomplete. The most interesting feature of the iPhone 7 Plus'
new dual camera isn't shipping at launch. Apple's making a big bet on iMessage
and Siri apps in iOS 10 but it hasn't paid off yet. Apps haven't been updated to
use the Taptic Engine or the new wide color gamut display. The entire ecosystem
of new headphones and adapters required to make use of Lightning and wireless
audio is just getting off the ground. Only Apple or Beats headphones offer the
best wireless audio experience, and you might not like how they sound or fit. By
the time developers even come close to hitting the performance limits of the A10
Fusion chip, Apple will be shipping the A11 Fusion Pro with six blades.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             695 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Al Arab (Arabic)

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday

تعرف على أبرز الاختلافات بين آيفون 7 بلس وجلاكسي نوت 7

LENGTH: 174 words



     رغم المشكلات العديدة التى تعرض لها هاتف نوت 7 الجديد من سامسونج بسبب انفجار
  بطاريته، إلا أنه كان مصمما خصيصا لمنافسة هاتف آيفون 7 الجديد من أبل، إذ تتنافس
              الشركتان كل عام لطرح الهاتف الأفضل، وفيما يلي مقارنة بين الهاتفين:




نظام التشغيل:

Note 7: أندرويد مارشميلو 6.0

iPhone 7 Plus: يعمل بنظام التشغيل iOS 10

الأبعاد:

Note 7: يأتي بأبعاد 153.5×73.9×7.9 ملم.

iPhone 7 Plus: يأتي بأبعاد 158.2×77.9×7.3 ملم.

الوزن:

Note 7: يبلغ 169 جراما.

iPhone 7 Plus: يأتي بوزن 188 جراما.

مساحة الشاشة:

Note 7: شاشة 5.7 بوصة.

iPhone 7 Plus: يأتي بشاشة 5.5 بوصة.

دقة الشاشة:

Note 7: تبلغ 1440×2560 بيكسل.

iPhone 7 Plus: تبلغ 1080×1920 بيكسل.

نوع الشاشة:

Note 7: شاشة Super AMOLED

iPhone 7 Plus : شاشة IPS LCD

الكاميرا:

Note 7: يأتي بكاميرا خلفية 12 ميجا بيكسل+ أمامية 5 ميجا بيكسل.

iPhone 7 Plus: كاميرا خلفية مزدوجة 12 ميجا بيكسل+ أمامية 7 ميجا بيكسل.

ذاكرة الوصول العشوائي:

Note 7: رامات 4 جيجا بايت.

iPhone 7 Plus: تبلغ 2 جيجا بايت.

بطارية:

Note 7: بقوة 3500 مللي أمبير.

iPhone 7 Plus: يمكنها البقاء لمدة 21 ساعة من وقت التحدث.

م . م/م.ب; جميع حقوق النشر محفوظة لصحيفة العرب القطرية 2016

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 2702


                        Copyright 2016 Dar Al Arab Est.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             696 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple iPhone 7 announced: Key highlights from the event

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 323 words


It is one of the biggest night for Apple and its fans. The new iPhones have come
to life and Apple has introduced some new goodies as well. Tim cook started the
proceedings and set the stage for the execs to bring the new gadgets out from
the shadows.

Here are the key highlights from Apple iPhone 7 event:*Tim Cook says Apple Watch
has topped rankings consistently *A total of 140 billion App Store downloads
have happened so far. Tim Cook called it "Phenomenal".*Tim Cook announced that
Apple Music has now 17 million paid subscribers. The 10th anniversary of the
Apple Music Festival will feature Britney Spears, Elton John and One Republic. *
Apple iWork app is getting real-time collaboration *Pokemon Go will come to the
Apple Watch before the end of this year *A new waterproof (up to 50 meters)
Apple Watch (Series 2) was announced at $369 (Rs 24,500 approx) * The Apple
Watch has a redesigned speaker system that can eject water if it gets inside the
watch * The Apple Watch also has GPS built-in * Apple Watch Nike+ edition
announced. Designed with runners in mind, it has stretchable, perforated bands
and a vibrant colour scheme * Apple Watch Series 2 will be available for
pre-order starting September 9 * Over 1 billion iPhones sold till date * The
iPhone 7 is dust and water resistant. It adheres to IP67 rating * The iPhone 7
has a 7MP FaceTime HD camera, along with an all-new 12MP rear camera * The
iPhone 7 Plus has a dual camera setup at the back. Both are 12 MP modules, with
one being wide-angle and other telephoto* The iPhone 7 comes with stereo
speakers - one each at the top and bottom edge of the display* Apple AirPods are
here. Powered by Apple-designed W1 chip, they come with IR sensors. * The new
A10 64-bit quad-core CPU powers the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. * Apple iPhone 7
starts at $649 (Rs 43,200 approx). Will be available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB
internal storage

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             697 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            St. Catherine's Standard

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

New iPhone features are nice, but Apple will have a tough sell

BYLINE: Josh Mcconnell, Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C7

LENGTH: 488  words


If it's September, there must be a brand new iPhone line from Apple Inc. And if
this year's iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year's iPhone, that's
because, well, it is.

Called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time
Apple has not followed one of its S-series with a design change - a deviation
from its usual two-year design cycle. The height, width and depth dimensions of
the new phones are all identical to the previous iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, though
the weight is slightly less.

The Financial Post was one of a few media outlets globally to receive early
review units of both phones to test all of the new features.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that's up to 40 per cent faster than
last year's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50 per cent better
graphics capabilities. The phones feel quicker in simple day-to-day tasks such
as web browsing, switching between apps or restarting. More intensive actions
such as photo or video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more
quickly. The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine
vibration that creates the illusion of the user pressing a button without
anything actually moving. Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them
water and dust resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help free up space internally for other technology, like a
bigger battery or the taptic engine. Regular headphones can now be connected
using an adapter, which will retail for only $10, for the device's Lightning
port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods that are releasing in October. The only real usability issue with a lack
of headphone jack is when you want to charge your phone while listening to
music, which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the
new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved lowlight photos with
better detail and less graininess.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hoping you'll pay
extra for, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that's permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now "zoom in" optically when taking
photos without losing quality.

If you have an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you won't see as much of a difference this
year other than the big camera upgrades. But if you have an even older iPhone,
then there is plenty to like about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Both will be available Sept. 16 starting at $899 and $1049, respectively,
offcontract. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 St. Catherine's Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                             698 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Welland Tribune

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

New iPhone features are nice, but Apple will have a tough sell

BYLINE: Josh Mcconnell, Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D6

LENGTH: 488  words


If it's September, there must be a brand new iPhone line from Apple Inc. And if
this year's iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year's iPhone, that's
because, well, it is.

Called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time
Apple has not followed one of its S-series with a design change - a deviation
from its usual two-year design cycle. The height, width and depth dimensions of
the new phones are all identical to the previous iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, though
the weight is slightly less.

The Financial Post was one of a few media outlets globally to receive early
review units of both phones to test all of the new features.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that's up to 40 per cent faster than
last year's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50 per cent better
graphics capabilities. The phones feel quicker in simple dayto-day tasks such as
web browsing, switching between apps or restarting. More intensive actions such
as photo or video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more
quickly. The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine
vibration that creates the illusion of the user pressing a button without
anything actually moving. Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them
water and dust resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help free up space internally for other technology, like a
bigger battery or the taptic engine. Regular headphones can now be connected
using an adapter, which will retail for only $10, for the device's Lightning
port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods that are releasing in October. The only real usability issue with a lack
of headphone jack is when you want to charge your phone while listening to
music, which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the
new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved lowlight photos with
better detail and less graininess.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hoping you'll pay
extra for, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that's permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now "zoom in" optically when taking
photos without losing quality.

If you have an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you won't see as much of a difference this
year other than the big camera upgrades. But if you have an even older iPhone,
then there is plenty to like about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Both will be available Sept. 16 starting at $899 and $1049, respectively,
offcontract. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Welland Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             699 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                           September 23, 2016 Friday

iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus pre-booking announced on e-tailer Zopper

LENGTH: 129  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 23 -- Domestic app-based marketplace Zopper on Friday announced
the pre-booking of Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus with no-interest EMI and
other lucrative options.


 Users can also avail zero down payment and zero processing fee while booking
iPhone on the Zopper platform.
 "Since everyone is awaiting the launch of iPhone 7 in India, we are delighted
to provide our users with a chance of pre-ordering the same with attractive
offers," said Neeraj Jain, CEO and Co-founder, Zopper in a statement.
 Zopper is one of the first few e-commerce platforms to offer pre-booking on
iPhone 7 in partnership with The Mobile Store.
 The delivery of the iPhone will be completed by Zopper within 24 hours on the
first day of the iPhone's India launch which is on October 7.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             700 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

LG Innotek key beneficiary of iPhone 7: analyst

LENGTH: 197 words


[THE INVESTOR] LG Innotek, the parts-making unit of LG Group, and smartphone
case maker Spigen Korea are expected to benefit from Apple's new iPhone 7 that
was unveiled on Sept. 7 in San Francisco.

"New iPhones have always suffered supply constraints for newly adopted parts in
the early days of launch but for the latest iPhone 7 the overall parts supply is
more stable than previous years," said Lee Seung-hyuk, analyst at Korea
Investment and Securities.

Especially LG Innotek, the sole supplier of dual-lens camera modules, is pinning
high hopes on the new phone launch. Upgraded camera functions powered by the
dual-lens camera modules is a key feature of the new iPhone.

Apple CEO Tim Cook at the iPhone 7 launch in San Francisco on Sept. 7.

According to recent news reports, Apple has also increased parts orders by 10
percent compared to previous years.

"Despite a decline in iPhone's market share, the iPhone 7 is expected to sell 62
million units in the latter half of this year, up 21 percent from that of its
predecessor iPhone 6S," he added.

The analyst predicted the total iPhone shipments to stand at 216 million units
this year, down 7 percent from last year.

By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             701 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Smart Photography

                                November 1, 2016

Preview: The Siblings are Back - Apple iPhone 7 Plus

BYLINE: Sujith Gopinath

LENGTH: 683  words


Apple has launched its latest twins, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, which, Apple
claims, are the best iPhones ever produced and we have no reason to believe
otherwise. We have had the iPhone 7 Plus with us for a few days and this is
quite short a period for a full-fledged review. Well, here is a sneakpeak into
the goodies. Do wait for our full featured review in the our upcoming issue.



Apple has introduced two new finishes for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus-Jet Black and
Matte Black. The Jet Black version has a glossy finish, while the Matte Black
has, as the name indicates, a matte finish. The 7 Plus has an aluminium unibody
design that is splash and water resistant (not waterproof, though) with an IP 67
rating, a first in an iPhone. Being a little over-sized for an average-sized
hand, the phone has the tendency to slip. Both the 7 and the 7 Plus feature a
redesigned advanced solid-state Home button that is pressure-sensitive. A new
Taptic engine provides tactile feedback, letting you experience a real sense of
touch. The Home button embeds an advanced fingerprint sensor that lets you
quickly unlock the phone.

The most striking feature of the 7 Plus, though, is the camera. The iPhone 7
Plus uses a dual camera system on the lines of many new smartphones in the
market. However, the difference is that these two cameras operate in tandem,
producing a 12-megapixel image. One of the cameras sports a wide-angle lens
(28mm equivalent) f/1.8 and the other a telephoto (56mm equivalent) f/2.8. The
camera interface provides you with the choice of 1x or 2x optical zoom. This is
achieved by switching between the two cameras. The end result is a zoomed-in
image that retains the same quality as that of the zoomed-out version. The
lenses are equipped with optical image stabilisation and feature a 6-element
design. The camera unit features a true tone flash. The front camera is a 7
megapixel model. Speaking about the camera interface, the iPhone's native camera
interface provides options such as Time-Lapse, Slow motion, Video, Photo, Square
and Panorama, without any manual control. Apple is getting ready with a Portrait
mode with depth-of-field (bokeh) effect (now in Beta), which promises to provide
a better experience with these cameras-another reason to look forward to our
full-feature review. The App Store now has third party apps for professional
camera features, thanks to Apple opening up to third party developers. Trust us
to bring you the real capabilities of the camera while we put it through its
paces. The first impressions are certainly positive with the camera churning out
sharp images with lots of detail and colour.

The 7 Plus uses a 5.5-inch Retina HD display, which, according to Apple, is the
brightest and most colourful iPhone display yet with wider gamut and 25 percent
more brightness. The display has a native resolution of 401ppi. The iPhone 7
Plus' power centre is the A10 Fusion Chip that makes the device twice as fast as
the iPhone 6 and provides longer battery life. This is achieved by employing two
high-performance cores and two high-efficiency cores. The 7 Plus has 3GB RAM and
is available in three variants with 32GB, 128GB and 256GB internal memory.

These iPhones have a stereo speaker system with twice the audio output of iPhone
6s. The speakers reside on the top and bottom portions of the device, providing
true stereo experience. As you must have already heard, Apple has done away with
the 3.5mm audio jack. But the device is shipped with an EarPod having a
Lightning connector. Apple has also included a 3.5mm headphone jack adapter to
plug into the Lightning port. I see this as a positive development since it
prevents you from listening to music while the device is charging, negating any
chance of overheating. As it is, we have not yet experienced any overheating
with the phone.

The iPhone 7 Plus is powered by a 3000mAh battery. The device measures 158.2 x
77.9 x 7.3mm and weighs 188g. The 32GB model retails at an MRP of Rs.72,000
while the 128GB version carries a price tag of Rs.82,000. The 256GB top-end
variant is priced at Rs.92,000.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


         Copyright 2016 Next Gen Publishing, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             702 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

iPhone 7 Plus stocks sell out prior to retail launch

LENGTH: 224 words



HIGHLIGHT: Apple's latest devices were launched on 7 September.


Initial quantities of the iPhone 7 Plus have already sold out and will no longer
be available for walk-in customers.

The larger version of Apple's new iPhone generation has sold out in all
available finishes according to the company.

The smaller iPhone 7 model will still be available for walk-in customers, but
those looking for the larger device will have to go to the company's website.

"We sincerely appreciate our customers' patience as we work hard to get the new
iPhone into the hands of everyone who wants one as quickly as possible."

Apple will not publish sales data for the first weekend after release,
unusually.

The new generation of the Apple iPhone, including the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus, was launched on 7 September at Apple's annual event in San Francisco. It
became available for pre-order September 9 and release on September 16.

The standard headphone jack has been removed, with users now able to connect
headphones through Apple's lightning port. This has allowed Apple to make the
device slightly thinner.

The design is fairly similar to the iPhone 6 and the display on the device is
brighter and more colourful.

It adds a new dual-lens camera to improve photo quality and a processor that is
apparently twice as fast as that on the iPhone 6.

The device also apparently has the best battery life on an iPhone and is
water-resistant.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             703 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

iPhone 7 rumours: 2.4GHz A10 chip, 3GB RAM, dual 12MP cameras and more

BYLINE: dna Web Team

LENGTH: 304  words


In a matter of four days, Apple will unveil the iPhone 7. However, the rumours
just don't stop. Now, KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who is known for
accurate Apple predictions, has released a detailed research report revealing
specifications for the upcoming iPhone 7.

According to a report by MacRumours, the iPhone 7 could include a new A10 chip,
topped out at 2.4-2.45 GHz, along with 2GB of RAM and 3GB of RAM for the iPhone
7 Plus respectively. Apple will offer three storage options: 32GB, 128GB, and
256GB. The low-end 16GB variant might finally go away.

Additionally, Kuo said that the new iPhones will offer five color options:
Silver, Gold, Rose Gold, along with a "dark black" color variant which will
mostly replace the Space Grey color variant. A new color by Kuo is described as
glossy 'piano black'.

The company's newest iPhone could finally be water resistant. The report points
out that the device would come equipped with an improved IPX7, which would make
the device, "suitable for splashes, showering, and even brief dips in water up
to one meter deep."

Apple might ditch the 3.5 mm headphone jack, and instead provide Lightning
EarPods with the iPhone. The iPhone 7 Plus will most likely sport 12MP dual
cameras. Kuo explains that one will be a wide-angle camera with larger pixel
sizes, a 6P lens, and optical image stabilization, while the second will be a
telephoto lens with smaller pixel sizes and a 5P lens. In other features, we can
expect an upgraded rear camera flash along with a possible upgraded proximity
sensor.

Lastly, Kuo believes iPhone 7 shipments will be below that of the iPhone 6s
through the end of the year, coming in at 60-65 million compared to 82 million
last year.

Stay tuned to dnaindia.com/scitech for full coverage of the iPhone 7 event,
scheduled for Wednesday, 7 September.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             704 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           September 18, 2016 Sunday

Review: Don't worry, Apple hasn't ruined the iPhone

BYLINE: Hayley Tsukayama The Washington Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 1279 words


With the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, Apple has taken a risk by, well, not
changing very much. We've become accustomed to getting something new and
impressive from Apple every two years, but these phones are more renovation than
revelation.

But, theatrics aside, the question that really matters is are these phones worth
buying? Apple provided me with an iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, in its two new
shades of black. The firm also gave me a SIM card to use while reviewing the
devices.

Here's what I found out.

Design, storage and performance

Most of the noticeable changes are under the hood, but there are aesthetic
changes worth noting. The new black finishes are nice to look at, particularly
the shiny jet black. The jet black finish, though, is a fingerprint magnet. But
at the end of the day, many people are likely to cover the finishes up with
cases.

As far as weight and width, the phones feel about the same as their
predecessors, though you can tell they're a hair lighter if you directly compare
the new phones to the old ones.

Apple also redesigned the home button to be a button in name only; it's now a
pressure-sensitive disc that uses vibrations to feel like a button. Users can
customize the strength of the buzz to make it feel more or less clicky. The faux
button, particularly on the lowest setting, can feel a little muddy, and at
first, I really didn't like how it felt. But after two days and some adjusted
settings, I almost didn't notice anymore.

One improvement could be a big deal to every iPhone user who's ever complained
about running out of space or missed a critical photo because they didn't have
room on their phone to take it. Apple has doubled the storage on the base models
of the new iPhones, which finally brings Apple up to par with its closest
competitors in this area. A base model iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus now has 32 GB
of storage instead of 16 GB. You can only get a jet black iPhone with either 128
GB or 256 GB of storage.

And those who may have worried that they weren't going to get a speed or
processing boost from the iPhone 6 or the iPhone 6S can rest easy. Apps load
snappily and without lag.

How much water can these phones stand?

Apple redesigned the home button in part to make the phone more water resistant.
The phone can withstand about three feet of water for up to 30 minutes. But that
is certainly not recommended.

Although the iPhone is able to withstand a quick dip in the sink or (as can
happen) in the toilet, it's not exactly waterproof. It has a lower water
resistance rating than Samsung's Galaxy S7 line, which delights in showing off
its resistance to water fountains and champagne in its commercials.

Basically, all Apple's water resistance means is that you don't have to weep if
your phone falls in a puddle. (Dropping my units in the sink was a serious test
of my nerves.) But if these phones get wet, you still can't completely brush
that off. Apple, in fact, recommends that you don't plug the phone in for
several hours if the power port takes a bath.

Battery life

Both phones have been designed to improve battery life, with the inclusion of
two efficiency processing cores alongside Apple's existing performance cores,
which allow the phone to use less power for the same processes. The iPhone 7
Plus is supposed to be a battery powerhouse, with Apple claiming it will get an
hour more of battery life compared with the iPhone 6S Plus.

In practical terms, both of the new phones can easily make it through a day of
regular use without a problem. In my use, the iPhone 7 Plus could have lasted
into the next morning if needed. But battery-intensive features such as
following directions on a map would still probably have you reaching for the
power cord sometime before bed.

Overall, when it comes to performance, if you upgrade from the iPhone 6 or
earlier, you will feel a big boost that may be worth the money. But iPhone 6S
users can probably sit this upgrade out; the improvements aren't that big,
unless you're really into upgrading your iPhone's camera.

Lights, camera, action

The camera is definitely the part of the iPhone that received the most attention
in these upgrades. Apple now includes four flashes instead of two, meaning that,
yes, you can have twice as much flash to take pictures as before.

Apple also added features that prevent you from taking pictures that are too
shaky.

Real photography fanatics may want the iPhone 7 Plus. The larger iPhone has a
dual-camera, which has a normal wide-angle lens and a second lens that Apple
refers to as a "telephoto" lens that improves the camera's ability to take
close-up pictures.

The zoom feature on the Plus is impressive. Apple has made it possible to zoom
in up to 10x with the camera for photos, and 6x for videos at a much higher
quality. It's not perfect resolution that close, but it can be pretty good, even
at night.

Users can also take panoramic photos at 2x zoom for the first time.

On both phones, low light photography has been improved significantly over even
the iPhone 6S, thanks to improved software and hardware that takes in more light
and takes good pictures even if your hands are not steady.

Apple also made changes to its speakers. The new iPhones produce more sound from
their now-stereo speakers, making it noticeably better to listen to music and
play games when you're not in a place that requires headphones, or when you want
to share content with others nearby.

About that headphone jack

Not everything about these phones is all sunshine. The removal of the headphone
jack -- although not quite the apocalyptic event that many people seem to think
it is -- has serious drawbacks for consumer convenience.

In terms of sound quality, I didn't notice any great difference between the
lightning headphones and the standard headphones that came with my last iPhone.
While playing games and listening to music, they performed about the same to my
ear.

But while things don't change much if you're using Apple products, the truth
remains that the whole world is not made of Apple products. If you're flying on
a plane, for example, and only have your Lightning or Bluetooth headphones on
hand, you'll be out of luck for watching any in-flight movies unless you want to
buy another cable. Ditto if you use your audio jack to plug into your car.

Apple includes a headphone jack adapter in every box, and the adapter fits
snugly on the end of a normal pair of earphones without too much trouble. Even
when I yanked the headphones out of the bottom of the phone, the adapter held
tight to the headphone cord. That said, throwing an adapted headphone cord in my
bag did pull them apart, making me worry about how easy it could be to lose the
adapter.

Conclusion

In almost any other case, on almost any other phone, the loss of the headphone
jack would be a deal-breaker, even with the excellent changes to other parts of
the phone. But this is the iPhone, and with iOS, Apple has built an overall
ecosystem that's hard to leave. So potential buyers have to think, first and
foremost, about whether it will be more annoying to switch over to an Android
phone with a port, or to have to use an adapter on planes and in cars over the
next few years. For some, the loss of the headphone jack may make it feel like
Apple made the iPhone actively worse.

Those with the iPhone 6 or earlier will feel best about updating; iPhone 6S
users can probably take or leave the update, based on the level of upgrades.

But overall, I'd say Apple's performance improvements, particularly to the
camera, on the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus make these phones feel like more of an
upgrade than it seems on paper. For me, at least, the updates ultimately edge
out the cons.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Apple iPhone 7 can withstand about three feet of water for up to 30
minutes. But that is certainly not recommended. (AP Photo/Anick Jesdanun)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             705 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                              June 27, 2016 Monday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Big Anticipation For Future iPhone, Just Not For The Next Apple iPhone; IPhone 8
Stealing 7's Thunder; Device, due late 2017 for iPhone's 10th anniversary, may
have radical redesign

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: INSIDE NEWS; Pg. A07

LENGTH: 777 words


As usual, everyone's talking about the rumored new iPhone. The wrinkle? They're
not talking about the very next model, the iPhone 7 due out in September, but
instead are looking out a distant 15 months or so ahead -- a lifetime in the
tech world -- at the following iPhone.

Next year's iPhone 8 is shaping up to be the most exciting smartphone release
from Apple since the original iPhone in 2007.

And for Apple that's good -- and bad.

The buzz around the 2017 model is so great that it threatens to put a damper on
sales of this year's model, analysts say. The iPhone 8 has been written about
extensively in media, thanks to leaks from the supply chain.

"As more and more is written about the iPhone 8, the average consumer will start
to become aware of what's coming from Apple," Canaccord Genuity analyst Mike
Walkley told IBD.

People "might wait one more year for what they think is going to be a bigger
release," timed with the 10-year anniversary of the first iPhone, Walkley said.

"Certainly everything in the supply chain points to next year having a much more
differentiated device than this next one."

Apple observers expect the iPhone 7 will be a relatively minor upgrade to the
current iPhone 6 S series handsets. The 7 is expected to be thinner, faster and
have a better camera, but nothing too earthshaking is seen. It will look pretty
much like recent iPhones.

By contrast, the iPhone 8 could sport a radical redesign, thanks to its use of
an organic light-emitting diode (OLED) screen, instead of the current LCD
screen.

The iPhone 8 could make Apple's smartphone sexy again.

But rumors about the 8, which will be the 11 th-generation iPhone, could inspire
people to extend the life of their existing handsets and wait to upgrade, Wall
Street analysts say. That could lead to soft sales of this fall's 10
th-generation handset, the iPhone 7. And those soft sales would be on top of
weaker-than-expected sales of the current iPhone 6 S.

One huge factor could alleviate much of this concern, though -- the way service
providers are altering their business models.

New Year, New iPhone

Apple and its carrier partners such as AT&T and Verizon Communications probably
will use the iPhone 7 launch to promote upgrade plans that let customers get new
iPhones every year, says Tim Bajarin, an analyst with Creative Strategies.

"More and more people are going to move to that, because everybody knows that
Apple does a better phone every year," he said.

Most of the excitement over the iPhone 8 concerns its rumored use of an edgeless
OLED screen. OLED displays boast richer colors, deeper blacks and a faster
refresh rate than LCD screens. Since OLED screens don't have a backlight, they
can be much thinner and more power efficient. Plus, OLED displays are flexible,
allowing them to be used on curved screens.

Mock-ups of possible iPhone 8 designs circulated by tech enthusiast websites
illustrate dramatic new form factors, from iPhones with secondary screens along
their sides to all-glass handsets in which the display covers the entire surface
of the phone, front and back.

For years, Apple Chief Design Officer Jony Ive has expressed a desire for the
iPhone to appear like a single sheet of glass, the Wall Street Journal reported
recently.

But don't put a lot of stock into those artists' conceptions of the iPhone 8,
Bajarin says.

"The kinds of designs you're seeing now are more pie-in-the-sky than reality,"
he said.

One big question is whether Apple will limit the OLED-screen iPhone 8 to a
premium model and keep selling LCD models as well.

Another is whether any use of a curved display or wraparound screen will be
truly useful or perceived as a gimmick.

Apple's OLED iPhone wouldn't be the first such smartphone on the market. Samsung
already uses OLED displays in its flagship Galaxy smartphones.

Sharp, Japan Display, Joled, AU Optronics and LG Display all plan to add either
pilot or production capacity for OLED screens in 2017 or 2018. Plus, at least
five Chinese companies are preparing OLED production lines.

Apple enthusiasts, however, will think the OLED iPhone is a "big deal," even
though Samsung and others already use them, says Roger Kay, an analyst with
Endpoint Technologies Associates and another longtime Apple watcher.

But the OLED screen could be just one selling point of the iPhone 8. Another
major change is that next year's iPhone could feature wireless charging,
according to media reports. Instead of plugging in a power cord, users would
place the device on a charging mat.

In addition, Apple also could eliminate the physical home button with the iPhone
8. That functionality would be incorporated into the pressure-sensitive touch
screen.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             706 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                       October 7, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

New Apple iPhones to Go On Sale at 7 PM Today

BYLINE: Phalgunn Maharishi

LENGTH: 203  words


Price for the new iPhones range all the way from INR 60,000 to nearly around a
lakh!

Its Oct 7, and for most of the Apple fans, here in India, it is definitely one
of the most exciting days in their life. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are all set to
go on sale on Flipkart today at 7 PM. However, we shall not be able to witness
the midnight launch in India, as they witnessed back in the West.

While Flipkart had already opened up the pre-booking for the new iPhone, those
who had paid the amount are expected to receive the device, as per the schedule
that was announced earlier. But, those who are looking forward to enter a store
and buying one, they will have to wait until 7 PM today.

The new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in India in four color
schemes - Jet Black, Matte Black, Rose Gold, and Silver. However, it may be
really difficult to purchase a Jet Black model in India, well at least for some
time now.

So, refreshing once more about the price points of the new iPhones, the iPhone 7
with 32 GB internal storage comes at price starting at INR 60,000, while the
costliest variant with 256 GB internal storage may range around INR 92,000;
pretty much as the joke goes - sell a kidney and buy an iPhone 7!

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             707 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Voice & Data

                               September 23, 2016

Pre-book the much awaited iPhone 7, 7 Plus at Zopper

BYLINE: Sanjeeb Kumar Sahoo

LENGTH: 306  words


NEW DELHI: India's leading hyper-local mobile marketplace, Zopper has announced
the pre-booking of the latest offering by Apple, iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at its
online platform.

The pre-booking starts from the 22nd of September. Consumers can choose to book
the phone with Zopper No Cost EMI, that offers the consumers a hassle free
booking experience with zero down-payment, zero processing fees and no interest
burden. Zopper is one of the first few ecommerce platforms to offer pre-booking
on the iPhone 7 in partnership with The Mobile Store. Not only this, Zopper will
be also be giving a chance to all who pre-book the new smartphone to win a free
iPhone 7.

The delivery of the iPhone will be done by Zopper within 24 hours, in
association with The Mobile Store on the first day of the phone's India launch
on October 7th.

The new iPhone comes in two variants similar to the iPhone 6, and with a host of
new features under the hood. The camera has received a substantial upgrade with
the iPhone 7 Plus sporting a dual camera. It captures images at 2x Optical Zoom
and 10x Digital Zoom helping users capture long distance shots. All variants
will also be dust and water resistant. In addition, Apple has also introduced
two new finishes for the iPhone 7 - Black and Jet black. The new iPhones are
faster, smoother, and better suited to a modern lifestyle.

Commenting on the announcement, Neeraj Jain,CEO &Co-founder;, Zopper, said "The
development extends a golden opportunity to iPhone lovers to become the proud
owners of the latest offering, whilst also enjoying a chance to win the
feature-laden smartphone, free of cost. To facilitate the process, we are also
providing no-cost EMIs zero down-payment, zero processing fees and no interest
burden. It will be a great opportunity for all Apple fans as they can make the
best of this offer."

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


            Copyright 2016 Voice & Data, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             708 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             August 2, 2016 Tuesday

iPhone 7 will be waterproof but does not feature IP68 certification

LENGTH: 313  words


Apple's upcoming iPhone 7 will be far more waterproof than an iPhone 6s, but it
will not feature the IP68 certification

Previous tests conducted for the iPhone 6s showed that the smartphone featured a
rubber padding around the side of its metal body, thus making it waterproof for
a significantly long period. This feature was not pointed out for a very long
period, and we believe that it is what is also going to be present inside iPhone
7. However, according to the latest information, while iPhone 7 will be
reinforced with a better waterproofing system, it is not going to receive the
IP68 certification, which means that you cannot dive in with your future iPhone
and expect it to thrive underwater.

An example of IP68 certification is the one present on Samsung's Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 edge. This certification allows both smartphones to stay underwater
for a total period of 30 minutes while being submerged at 5 feet. Unfortunately,
the iPhone 7 might not be protected against a large amount of water, but it will
still provide you with the necessary protection that you need to safely remove
it from a waterbody if the smartphone has accidentally been submerged.

There are several features that we expect to be present inside iPhone 7,
including the powerful A10 chipset. The iPhone 7 is also expected to feature a
larger battery capacity than its predecessor by 14 percent, making the total
come to a 1,960mAh cell. While the overall capacity is still less than the
2,000mAh mark, the improved chipset's processor design coupled with an improved
operating system should allow the user to get more battery life out of the
handset. It has been rumored that the iPhone 7 Pro variant is the only one out
of the three models to receive a dual-camera setup, but that information will
only be revealed once Apple announces its latest family during the month of
September.

Source

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             709 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

iPhone changes are more subtle this time

BYLINE: Josh McConnell, Financial Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 432 words


If it's September, there must be a brand new iPhone line from Apple Inc. And if
this year's iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year's iPhone, that's
because, well, it is.

Called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time
Apple has not followed one of its S-series with a design change - a deviation
from its usual twoyear design cycle.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that's up to 40 per cent faster than
last year's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50 per cent better
graphics capabilities. The phones feel quicker in simple day-to-day tasks such
as web browsing, switching between apps or restarting. More intensive actions
such as photo or video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more
quickly.

The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine vibration that
creates the illusion of the user pressing a button without anything actually
moving. Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them water and dust
resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help free up space internally for other technology, like a
bigger battery or the taptic engine. Regular headphones can now be connected
using an adapter, which will retail for only $10, for the device's Lightning
port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods releasing in October. The only real usability issue with a lack of
headphone jack is when you want to charge your phone while listening to music,
which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the
new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved lowlight photos with
better detail.

The smaller 4.4-inch iPhone is getting optical stabilization as well, which
features sensors that move the lens slightly to fight against handshake movement
and motion blur. What Apple is hoping you'll pay extra for is in the larger
5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one 12-megapixel camera, the phone has
two. One is set at the usual wide angle of other iPhones, but the second camera
is a telephoto lens that's permanently closer to subjects. This means you can
now "zoom in" optically when taking photos without losing quality.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will be available Sept. 16 starting at $899 and $1049,
respectively, offcontract. Read a comprehensive review at FinancialPost. com.
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             710 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Free Press Journal (India)

                               September 8, 2016

8 things you need to know about the new Apple iPhone 7 and 7 plus.

BYLINE: FPJ Web Desk

LENGTH: 476  words


The all new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 plus were unveiled in California on 7
September at Apple's annual September launch and the wait was finally over for
the iFans. However the new devices will be launched in India on 7 of October.
Like every other Apple launch event, some of the announcements were new, while
some weren't.

Here are the 10 things you need to know about the new Apple devices.

It is still costly but won't cost you extra

The iPhone 7 price in India starts at Rs. 60,000 for the new 32GB base variant
which is almost similar to the price of iPhone 6 plus. However, there is no
conformation on 7 plus price in India.

It looks the same

If you take a good hard look at the iPhone 7 you will say it looks like iPhone 6
because Apple has not changed the exterior design, maybe they are saving the big
exterior design changes for next year's launch event! But one of the major
changes in the design, which everyone is talking about, is the doing away with
the 3.5 mm headphone jack.

Yes, no headphone jack

There were a lot of rumours that the apple will do away with the 3.5 mm jack in
the new iPhone 7 and as it turns out Apple has done away with the 3.5mm
headphone jack. Well, a fair amount of people are unhappy about it, but if it
makes you happy Apple will provide lightning-to-3.5mm adapter. And also the
obvious reason why Apple wanted to do away with the headphone jack is because it
came in the way of making it a waterproof phone.

It is waterproof

Finally, after spending all that money that you do to buy an Apple device you
will not have to worry about water slipping into your device during heavy down
pour or if someone spills a drink over your phone. The new iPhone is IP-67
proof-rated waterproof and dustproof.

It has two cameras at the back

Apple is well known for its camera and this time around as well Apple did not
disappoint either. The Plus model features two 12MP cameras. One camera has a
28mm wide-angle lens while the other has a 56mm telephoto lens. You can switch
between the cameras with ease. The iPhone 7 gets a 12MP camera with image
stabilization, a larger f/1.8 aperture that lets 50% more light onto the lens.

New Battery Boost

Traditionally Apple does not reveal the size of its battery but this time around
it has given us a little more to be happy about. Apple has promised that the
battery life of the new iPhone devices is going to be better than the previous
devices.

The makeover of the home button

Apple has installed its Force Touch technology into the iconic home key. The
home button is not clickable anymore you just have to tap on to the class.

16GB iPhone is done with

After almost everyone calling the 16 GB iPhone completely useless, the apple has
finally decided to do away with it. The 16 GB device barely allowed you to
install two apps and would hang up on you. So now Apple starts its base model
iPhones at 32GB.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Indian National Press Bombay Ltd, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             711 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                       June 12, 2016 Sunday 02:01 PM EST

iPhone 7 Rumor Rollup: beyond WWDC; Deep Blue; sharp-dressed thieves

BYLINE: Bob Brown

SECTION: NEWSANALYSIS

LENGTH: 617  words


Click for image

The really shocking iPhone 7 news this week would be if anything related to
Apple's next big smartphone were announced at the company's annual Worldwide
Developers Conference in San Francisco. Yes,  big improvements to iOS and Siri
are expected to be unveiled, and they will be important for iPhone 7, but we're
talking iPhone developments beyond that that might hit the market in the fall.

We're talking about really crucial stuff, like phone color...

Goodbye gray, hello blue iPhone 7?

Speculation swirled late last week that Apple is plotting to ditch its Space
Gray iPhone color for deep blue (undoubtedly with some grabby qualifier
attached).

The Mac Otakara blog got this gossip going after posting a deep blue render of
an iPhone, and suggesting that Space Gray will go and that Silver/Gold/Rose Gold
will stay. Rose Gold is the newest addition, having debuted with the iPhone 6s.

Not everyone things we're in for a dramatic color change. "From my point of
view, Apple has played so fast and loose with the term 'space gray' that this
deep blue might be an evolution of the color," opines 9to5Mac's Seth Weintraub.

Hello blue, hello iPhone thieves

There's something to be said for adding new colors, and that goes for employee
uniforms, too.

DNAinfo reports that a man dressed as an Apple Store worker, working with an
accomplice, walked off with 19 iPhones (a more than $16K value!) from the
company's SoHo shop, and he did it by dressing the part.

Donning one of those increasingly familiar blue shirts with the little white
Apple logo on it apparently did the trick for this crook, according to police.
Apple switched up its store employee uniforms early last year, according to
9to5Mac. And a quick browsing of eBay shows plenty of such shirts available for
purchase by any fanboy, fangirl or fantheif.

AT&T saves day for Intel

The rumors of Intel mobile communications processors finding their way into the
iPhone 7 have been going strong for months, and now Bloomberg confirms that this
will be the case. Apple isn't abandoning longtime supplier Qualcomm, but going
with Intel as a second source only makes sense for a company that wants to cover
its butt in case anything ever happens with Qualcomm or its processors.

Bloomberg reports (and none of the vendors involved are commenting) that the
Intel modem chips will go into iPhone 7 phones for GSM networks such as AT&T's
US infrastructure. While Intel's modem chips won't go into iPhones for Verizon's
network, this is still a very big win for Intel, which could see AT&T move tens
of millions of iPhones both this year and next, according to an industry analyst
cited by Bloomberg.

Motorola beats Apple to punch

The rumor that Apple will ditch the standard 3.5mm headphone jack in favor of
one based on its Lightning adapter technology has been strong, with only a bit
of wavering of late from some sources.  But after all that, Motorola has grabbed
headlines this week ("Moto Z beats iPhone 7 in the race to kill the headphone
jack") for not including a standard headphone jack in its new modular Moto Z and
Z Force smartphones.

With phone makers thinning their devices, traditional headphone jacks are a
casualty. Adapters are available to maintain wired earbuds, or just go Bluetooth
all the way. Or, you might just find that Lightning headphones are the way to go
(here's a gushing review of such accessories on The Verge.)

All-in-1 iPhone 7 concept video

Geert van Uffelen stuffs many of the most repeated iPhone 7 rumors into one
slick concept video with requisite ethereal background music featuring a
rendering of the next big smartphone, complete with a dual camera on the back,
dual speakers - and no dedicated headphone jack.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             712 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple's iPhone 7 and Watch Updates: What You Really Need to Know;
Tech Fix

BYLINE: BRIAN X. CHEN

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1132 words

ABSTRACT

An examination suggests that no upgrade is necessary unless you have owned your
current iPhone for more than two years.

FULL TEXT

APPLE'S new  iPhones and an upgraded Apple Watch have generated tons of noise
and hype.

For those wondering what to do with the plethora of information, here is what
you really need to know: You need not rush to upgrade your iPhone or Apple Watch
if you recently bought one. The people who may want to jump to buy one of the
new devices are those who have owned their current iPhone for more than two
years.

These conclusions result from a close look at Apple's announcements on
Wednesday, when it unveiled new iPhones, the 7 and 7 Plus, and a new Apple
Watch, the Watch Series 2.

For the most part, the new gadgets looked like their predecessors, though a
closer examination showed some bigger changes to the smaller components of the
devices. For example, the new iPhones, which come in two sizes, are faster and
water-resistant, with improved cameras and revised home buttons with force
sensitivity. The new watch has a GPS sensor to enhance fitness tracking.

Yet for all smartphone owners, the biggest change to the iPhone may be the
omission of the headphone jack, a connector that many have been attached to for
decades. Apple said it left out the headphone jack in favor of other benefits,
like cramming in faster chips and a better battery.

"The reason to move on comes down to one word: courage," Philip Schiller,
Apple's senior vice president for marketing, said on Wednesday. "The courage to
move on, do something new that betters all of us."

If the headphone jack removal is the biggest change, that underlines how much of
what Apple unveiled on Wednesday was incremental. So there is no need to
stampede to an Apple store to snap up the new products when they become
available this month, unless your gadget is so out-of-date that it is time to
get with 2016.

Here is what you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7 and Apple Watch, with
tips on how to prepare for the death of the headphone jack if you plan to buy a
new Apple phone.

New iPhones

Apple's  iPhone 7 and 7 Plus look roughly the same as their predecessors, the
iPhone 6s and 6s Plus. The new phones have rounded corners, and the smaller
model continues to have a 4.7-inch screen whereas the larger one has a 5.5-inch
screen.

So what is new? The iPhones have a new processor that is about 40 percent faster
than the previous models. They also include a physical home button with force
sensitivity for the first time, a feature that responds with a vibration when
the button is pressed. As a result, the button no longer depresses when it is
pressed, which might make it more durable than previous iterations.

The new iPhones also include improved cameras capable of capturing a wider color
range. The larger model, the 7 Plus, has two cameras on the rear that work
together to improve zooming capability.

Other than that, the iPhones will continue to come in silver, gold and pink,
with two new colors: matte black and shiny black. The antenna bands, which were
thick lines wrapping around the back of the older iPhones, are no longer visible
on the new iPhones, making the devices look cleaner.

The biggest change is the item that is missing: The 3.5-millimeter audio port
for plugging in earphones and speakers. Apple says it sacrificed the port to
make more room for faster processors and better battery life while making the
device water and dust resistant.

"It's all fighting for space within that same enclosure," Mr. Schiller said
about the many components in a smartphone, including the headphone jack.

Apple is encouraging users to instead consider wireless accessories or wired
earphones that hook in through the iPhone's Lightning connector, which is also
used for power charging.

The new iPhones will start shipping to customers on Sept. 16 with a starting
price of $649 for the iPhone 7 and $769 for the iPhone 7 Plus. They can be
ordered online beginning on Friday.

Death of the Headphone Jack

What can consumers do about the removal of the audio jack? For many people,
plugging in headphones has become a habit that helped turn their phone into a
moving stereo or video player on their daily commute or at the gym.

Coping with the change depends on the type of audio accessories you use. For
consumers who want to cling to their wired audio gear, Apple is making the
transition less painful by including a converter with the new iPhones.
Basically, that is a dongle with a Lightning connector on one side, for plugging
into the iPhone, and an audio port on the other end, for plugging in the audio
accessory.

So the good news: You won't have to buy new audio gear. But on the downside, you
will have to carry a tiny, easy-to-lose dongle; replacements cost $9.

That may make it a good time to consider embracing wireless audio, which has
improved significantly over the last few years. Many wireless accessories
connect with the Bluetooth standard, which is supported by the new iPhones.
Among many that I have tried over the last year, Bose's QuietComfort 35 are
excellent noise-canceling headphones, and Logitech's UE Roll is a versatile,
waterproof wireless speaker.

The car is another matter. If you are accustomed to connecting your smartphone
to your car stereo using the headphone jack, you could use the
Lightning-to-audio-jack converter. Or you could buy a Bluetooth kit, like
Anker's SoundSync Drive, which was picked by The Wirecutter, the product
recommendations website. It plugs into a car stereo's audio jack and creates a
Bluetooth connection to wirelessly connect to the iPhone 7 for music and phone
calls.

Apple Watch Series 2

Apple also upgraded the Apple Watch, its smartwatch that acts as a companion for
the iPhone. The new version includes GPS for tracking your runs. The device is
water-resistant for swimmers.

The new watch, Series 2, is also faster than the previous one. It will start
shipping on Sept. 16 with a starting price of $370.

These are still incremental upgrades from the first version of the Watch. The
biggest change is a new ceramic finish for the high-end version of Apple Watch,
called Edition, which has a starting price of $1,250.

Apple also revised the operating system powering the Apple Watch, called
WatchOS. The new version, WatchOS 3, will introduce a more intuitive interface
and be included with the new Apple Watch. WatchOS 3 will also be available as a
free software update for the last Apple Watch.

In the end, Apple's product event on Wednesday may have been more about theater
than substantive changes to its devices.

"The iPhone 7 packed few surprises," said Jan Dawson, an independent analyst for
Jackdaw Research. "This event was a big test of Apple's ability to continue to
tell a compelling story around its annual product upgrades."

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             713 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

iPhone 7 from Azercell!

BYLINE: Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 366 words


Oct. 28--Officially presenting iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus mobile devices in
Azerbaijan the Mobile operator Azercell Telecom also offers new beneficial
proposal for its subscribers. In fact, the subscribers wishing to get iPhone 7
under extremely beneficial conditions will be able to realize it by paying only
89 manat a month and benefit from this modern smartphone and 30 GB Hedsiz
Internet pack.

Customers who pre-order iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus beginning from October, 28
get 50 percent discount for the 1st month payment. Subscribers are advised to
pre-order the device from October 28 to November 4 via Azercell website
(www.azercell.com) and visit Azercell's Customer Service Centers located in
Tagiyev, 18, Besti Bagirova 2 and 28 May, 33A between November, 4-6.

The number of devices is limited.

The devises are the most advanced iPhone ever, featuring new advanced camera
systems, the best battery life ever on an iPhone and water and dust resistance.

Azercell will continue to please its subscribers with new attractive services
and campaigns further on.

The leader of the mobile communication industry of Azerbaijan and the biggest
investor in the non-oil sector Azercell Telecom LLC was founded in 1996. With
48% share of Azerbaijan's mobile market Azercell's network covers 80% of the
territory and 99,8% of population of the country. Currently, 4,5 million
subscribers choose Azercell services.

Azercell has pioneered an important number of innovations in Azerbaijan,
including GSM technology, advance payment system, 24/7 Customer Care, online
customer services, GPRS/EDGE, M2M, MobilBank, one-stop- shop service offices
Azercell Express, mobile e-service "ASAN signature", etc. Azercell deployed
first 4G -- LTE services in Azerbaijan in 2012. According to the results of
mobile network quality surveys of Global Wireless Solutions company and
international systems specialized in wireless coverage mapping such as
"Opensignal" and "Testmy.net", Azercell's network demonstrated the best results
among the mobile operators of Azerbaijan.

___ (c)2016 Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan) Visit Trend News Agency (Baku,
Azerbaijan) at en.trend.az Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161028-1AZ-iPhone-7-from-Azercell-1028-20161028

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AZ


                        Copyright 2016 Trend News Agency


                             714 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Mirror Publications

                          September 10, 2016 Saturday
                                 Mumbai Mirror

iPhone 7 ditches headphone jack, 7 Plus adds dual cameras

SECTION: SCI TECH

LENGTH: 599 words


Apple's latest smartphones - iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus - will be available in
India from October 7 at a starting price of Rs 60,000, the US-based technology
giant has said, while for the first time confirming the India pricing of the
gadgets at the launch event itself.

The highly-anticipated new iPhones with advancements such as stereo speakers,
water and dust resistance technology, and wireless headphones were launched by
Apple CEO Tim Cook at in San Francisco on Wednesday night.

As widely speculated, Apple also introduced AirPods, wireless headphones for the
new phone. In addition, Apple has eliminated the standard headphone jack; wired
earphones will now connect to the phone's Lightning port, which is also used for
charging.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in more than 25 countries
beginning September 16 and the products will be available in India beginning
October 7.

The iPhone 7, with a 4.7 inch display, will start at $649, while the 5.5 inch
iPhone7 Plus will cost $769 and up. The models will be available in silver,
gold, rose gold and black in 32 GB, 128 GB and 256 GB configurations. A new jet
black finish will only be available in 128 GB and 256 GB options.

The starting price for the iPhone 7 in India is Rs 60,000 for the 32 GB iPhone
model in India.

Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing Philip Schiller said Apple
has inculcated the advanced A10 Fusion chip in the new phones, "the most
powerful chip on any smartphone while delivering the best battery life ever in
an iPhone, and an entirely new stereo speaker system provides twice the sound,
all within the first water and dust resistant iPhone".

he phones will also have an improved home button that lets users perform
different tasks by varying how hard they press it, the company said.

Apple has also introduced the next generation of its smartwatch, called Apple
Watch Series 2, which has been equipped with fitness and health capabilities
including a water resistance 50 meter rating for swimming, built-in GPS,
dual-core processor.

The company also announced a tie-up with sports giant Nike for its watches and
the Apple Watch Nike+ will be available to order beginning September 9, with
availability in late October for India.

In India, the Apple Watch Nike+ will be available in 38 mm size at Rs 32,900,
and in 42mm at Rs 34,900.

The new phones will come with the earpods with Lightning connector as well as a
3.5 mm headphone jack adaptor that will allow customers to use old headphones
and accessories.

Apple said AirPods, which can be synced with various Apple devices, will
eliminate the hassles of normal headphones and its "advanced sensors know when
you are listening and automatically play and pause your music".

AirPods will include a charging case and will be available for Rs 15,400 in late
October.

The new iPhones comes with a 12-megapixel camera which includes optical image
stabilisation, a larger aperture and 6-element lens.

The iPhone 7 Plus also packs a second 12-megapixel telephoto camera at the back.
The two cameras combine to offer 2x optical zoom and up to 10x digital zoom for
photos.

For selfies, the iPhone 7 now comes with a 7-megapixel FaceTime HD camera.

Apple also announced launch of the latest version of its operating system,
calling iOS 10 the "biggest release ever of the world's most advanced mobile
operating system".

The new phones will come with iOS 10, which introduces an update to Messages,
the ability for its virtual assistant Siri to do more by working with apps, and
new ways to interact with redesigned apps.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             715 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Mercury News (California)

                             October 3, 2016 Monday

Apple iPhone 7 has worst battery life in its class: new report

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 416 words


ApplecsciPhone 7 sure is snazzy   until it turns into a doorstop.

According to a recent study of the latest high-end smartphones,cthe iPhone 7 is
worst in class for battery life, running out of juice faster than its rivals
during calls and web browsing.

cThe iPhone 7 may be touted by Apple as its best smartphone ever, as is
tradition, but sometimes your best just isnct good enough,c said a blog post by
Which?, a U.K. firm that conducted the research.

The firm measured the iPhone 7cs battery life   making calls and surfing the web
against that of competitorsc Samsung Galaxy S7, HTC 10 and LG G5.

cThe results were staggering,c according to cWhich?.

For making calls, the iPhone 7 lasted 712 minutes, compared to 1,492 for the
Samsung, 1,579 for the LG and 1,859 for the HTC.

During web browsing, the iPhone 7 stayed alive for 615 minutes. Here, Apple was
closer to its competitors than it was with making calls. But it still lagged
considerably. The LG went for 640 minutes, the Samsung for 677, and the HTC
again came out on top, with 790.

The research firm blamed the iPhonecs relatively poor battery life on the size
of the battery.

cSmartphone batteries are measured incmilliampere hours (mAh),c the companycs
blog post said. cThe iPhone 7 has a 1,960mAh battery, whilst the HTC 10 has a
3,000mAh battery: it should hardly be surprising that one battery nearly half
the size of another offers roughly half as much charge.c

Apple already got grief from The Guardian over the iPhone 7cs battery life   and
charging time. Although the online newspaper described the phonecs performance
asccsnappy,c it condemned the battery life as cpoor,c saying it was worse than
that of the iPhone 6S.

cTo get through 24 hours, youcll be forced to have a power adapter close by,
shove it in a battery pack or charge at your desk, which means you wonct be able
listen to music at the same time via cabled headphones   more on that later,c
The Guardian said. ccTo make matters worse, the iPhone 7 has the worst of all
worlds: short battery life and tediously slow charging. Even using the 12W
charger that came with the iPad Pro it took well over two hours to fully charge
the iPhone 7.c

c

Photo:cPhil Schiller, Applecs senior vice president of worldwide marketing,
talks about Applecs iPhone lineup during an event to announce new products,
Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)

The post Apple iPhone 7 has worst battery life in its class: new report appeared
first on SiliconBeat .

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             716 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Daily Mirror

                           September 16, 2016 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                Northern Ireland

Rate the iPhone 7 deals on offer;
CASH QUEENS

BYLINE: Ruki Sayid; Tricia Phillips

SECTION: Pg. 34,35

LENGTH: 263 words


Apple's must-have iPhone 7 hits shelves today - and for all those gadget geeks
itching to upgrade their handsets, the hard work is done for you.

We've teamed up with uSwitch to compile a guide of the best contract and
SIM-only deals.

Ernest Doku, the price comparison site's telecoms expert, said: "It's iPhone 7
day and die-hard Apple fans across the country will be waiting patiently in line
to get their hands on the latest models.

"But if you're considering a purchase, it's always wise to make sure you shop
around before you part with your cash."

Network Handset Minutes Texts 4G Data Extras Contract Monthly Upfront Length
cost cost EE iPhone 7 Unlimited Unlimited 20GB Free BT 24 mths £55.99 £4.99 32GB
Sports Gold and Apple Music for six mths EE iPhone 7+ Unlimited Unlimited 10GB
Free BT 24 mths £50.99 £99.99 32GB Sports and Black Apple Music for six mths
Three iPhone 7+ Unlimited Unlimited 30GB None 24 mths £52 £99 32GB Black Three
iPhone 7 Unlimited Unlimited 30GB None 24 mths £44 £99 32GB Rose BT Mobile
iPhone 7 Unlimited Unlimited 15GB Free BT 24 mths £59 £30 32GB Gold sport, live
Premier League Vodafone iPhone 7+ Unlimited Unlimited 12GB Free Now TV, 24 mths
£47 £29.99 32GB Spotify or Black Sky Sports Mobile Vodafone iPhone 7 As Vodafone
32GB Gold Unlimited Unlimited 12GB deal above 24 mths £47 FREE SIM-only deals
Network Minutes Texts Data Extras Contract Monthly cost Three Unlimited
Unlimited 4GB None 12mths £9 500 5,000 6GB None One month £12.50 Vodafone
Unlimited Unlimited 25GB 12 months £25 entertainment bundle (NOWTV, Sky Sports
and Sky Sports Mobile)

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMR


                            Copyright 2016 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             717 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Daily Record and Sunday Mail

                           September 16, 2016 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Rate the iPhone 7 deals on offer

BYLINE: Ruki Sayid ; Tricia Phillips

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 40,41

LENGTH: 264 words


APPLE'S must-have iPhone 7 hits shelves today - and for all those gadget geeks
itching to upgrade their handsets, the hard work has been done for you.

We've teamed up with uSwitch to compile a guide of the best contract and
SIM-only deals.

Ernest Doku, the price comparison site's telecoms expert, said: "It's iPhone 7
day and die-hard Apple fans across the country will be waiting patiently in line
to get their hands on the latest models.

"But if you're considering a purchase, it's always wise to make sure you shop
around before you part with your cash."

Network Handset Minutes Texts 4G Data Extras Contract Monthly Upfront Length
cost cost EE iPhone 7 Unlimited Unlimited 20GB Free BT 24 mths £55.99 £4.99 32GB
Sports Gold and Apple Music for six mths EE iPhone 7+ Unlimited Unlimited 10GB
Free BT 24 mths £50.99 £99.99 32GB Sports and Black Apple Music for six mths
Three iPhone 7+ Unlimited Unlimited 30GB None 24 mths £52 £99 32GB Black Three
iPhone 7 Unlimited Unlimited 30GB None 24 mths £44 £99 32GB Rose BT Mobile
iPhone 7 Unlimited Unlimited 15GB Free BT 24 mths £59 £30 32GB Gold sport, live
Premier League Vodafone iPhone 7+ Unlimited Unlimited 12GB Free Now TV, 24 mths
£47 £29.99 32GB Spotify or Black Sky Sports Mobile Vodafone iPhone 7 As Vodafone
32GB Gold Unlimited Unlimited 12GB deal above 24 mths £47 FREE SIM-only deals
Network Minutes Texts Data Extras Contract Monthly cost Three Unlimited
Unlimited 4GB None 12mths £9 iD 5000 6GB None One month £12.50 Vodafone
Unlimited Unlimited 25GB 12 months £25 entertainment bundle (NOWTV, Sky Sports
and Sky Sports Mobile)

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DRC


             Copyright 2016 Scottish Daily Record & Sunday Mail Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             718 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              birminghammail.co.uk

                     September 4, 2016 Sunday 12:50 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Rumours, release date, price, leaked images and all the latest news;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Ben Hurst

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 514 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next version of its iPhone this week.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

Apple Store to replace Birmingham bookshop - and the symbolism was not lost on
people

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6's camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple has s ent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7.

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

New giant Apple store to open in Waterstones New Street building

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new colourer handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

Apple iPhone7 launch date finally CONFIRMED

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             719 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                           September 19, 2016 Monday

Apple's global iPhone launch: Both excitement and frustration ruled the roost

LENGTH: 937  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 19 -- Zee Media Bureau
 US Tech giant Apple Inc on Wednesday unveiled the much anticipated iPhone7
during an event in at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco.
 Apple's global iPhone launch on September 16 was marked by excitement and
frustration as fans queued to find scarce models of the coveted smartphone.


 Scenes in Apple stores around the world on Friday were reminiscent of days
before online ordering became a norm and people camped out for days to be first
to get hands on the California company's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.
 Enthusiasm was peppered with disappointment due to shortages of the
large-screen iPhone 7 Plus and a jet-black iPhone 7, but it was unclear if the
shortages were the result of strong demand or limited supply.
 "These initial sales will be governed by supply, not demand," Apple said in a
released statement which noted that the company would not provide launch weekend
sales figures.
 Investors evidently weren't certain of what to make of the launch as well, with
Apple shares down about a half-percent to $114.92 at the close of trading on the
Nasdaq exchange.
 BTIG research said in a note to investors that, despite a lack of lines,
analysts there expected iPhone sales in the final quarter of this year to grow
3.6 percent to 77.5 million.
 At the Apple Store in the Georgetown district of the US capital Washington,
dozens of consumers were still waiting in line hours after the store opening to
get the new handsets.
 "I tried to order it online, but I would have had to wait five to six weeks, so
standing in queue was the only option," said Naval Chopra, who was visiting from
India at the time of the launch and joined the waiting group at 5:30 am for an
iPhone 7.
 "If you're an Apple fan, there is something special about getting the new phone
on the launch day."
 Interesting timing
 Cupertino-based giant Apple seems confident that its next generation iPhone 7 -
which is just a day away from launch - is going to be a huge success as the
company has reportedly increased orders of the components needed to manufacture
the handset by 10 percent.
 "It is also well known that non 's' year variants of iPhone create more
excitement and have performed well than 's' variants, which the company also
experiences year-on-year," The Next Web reported on Tuesday.
 The timing of the move is interesting as Samsung had announced the global
recall of its flagship premium device Galaxy Note 7 over battery faults and
Apple is hoping to steal a number of its loyal customers.
 'Essential part of life'
 Washington resident Isaac Combs said he had being hoping to get the
large-screen iPhone 7 Plus but learned on arrival they were sold out. Still, he
opted for the iPhone 7, despite the smaller display.
 The iPhone, Combs said, "is an essential part of life, it's something I use
every day."
 Apple sold of out the larger models quickly and had limited availability of the
iPhone 7, with the new jet-black color especially scarce.
 The devices chart a new path for the tech giant by eliminating headphone jacks,
a move seen as setting a trend for a wireless future.
 Apple is seeking to regain momentum and set new trends for the industry, but it
remains to be seen if it can generate the same enthusiasm that surrounded
previous versions of the iPhone.
 While the company has touted total iPhone sales of one billion, the number sold
in the quarter ending June 25 fell 15 percent from a year earlier, highlighting
concerns over growth for the key profit driver.
 Growth has become challenging with many mobile phone markets saturated and
Chinese firms including Huawei increasingly popular.
 Apple also faces stiff competition from traditional rival Samsung, although the
South Korean giant is currently on the back foot after being forced into a
massive recall because of exploding batteries of its flagship Galaxy Note 7.
 Analyst Michael Walkley at Canaccord Genuity said his brokerage group's surveys
suggest the new handsets will boost Apple's fortunes.
 "With the iPhone 7 off to a strong start, we anticipate improving replacement
sales versus the 6S and a return to iPhone unit growth," he said in a research
note.
 Tight control on supply
 Analysts were divided over the cause of the shortages, with some saying the
handset was more popular than expected, while others suggested the tech titan
may be deliberately limiting supply or could be experiencing supply problems.
 "Apple clearly controls supply tightly," said Matthew Kanterman, an analyst at
Bloomberg Intelligence.
 "They're possibly keeping supply artificially low, or at least lower than
demand, so as to avoid having the oversupply of previous years."
 As Asia woke up, consumers in Sydney who had camped out in the rain were among
the first in the world to get their hands on the new phones - though others were
left bitterly disappointed.
 Bishoy Behman, 17, had been sitting outside the Apple store since Wednesday
morning but said he and others in the queue found out on Thursday that some
models were already sold out.
 "I really wouldn't have lined up if I had known that," he told AFP. "For them
to have not allocated some stock is ridiculous."
 In Hong Kong, some customers were seen near the Apple store in the Causeway Bay
shopping district, reselling new phones at a profit.
 In mainland China, a key market for Apple, scenes were energetic as crowds of
customers tested out the new handsets.
 Apple faces a complicated picture in China, where it ranked only fourth in the
Asian giant's smartphone market in the first half of this year, facing strong
competition from low-cost manufacturers.
 (With AFP inputs)

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             720 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                          September 22, 2016 Thursday

BYLINE: Ciara O'Brien

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 795 words


It would be easy to overlook the iPhone 7 in the rush to evaluate the new iPhone
. It doesn't have the large screen of its 7 Plus stablemates, nor does it have
the dual camera system that has captured the imagination of consumers.

But there is plenty to like about the iPhone 7.

Lookswise, it treads a similar path as the 7 Plus. It sticks with its 4.7 inch
screen, and although the antenna bands have been changed a bit, the case looks
almost identical to the 6S. It doesn't have the dual camera to mark it out as
anything different, so it will fly largely under the radar.

Like its bigger sibling, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB versions,
with the jet black - the glossy finish - coming only in 128GB and 256GB.

A word of warning. If you are planning on going for the jet black finish, buy a
case. Apple warns that you may pick up "microabrasions" on the finish, which is
probably going to annoy you after a while.

Toss it in your pocket with your keys too many times and you'll wind up with
more than a few permanent marks on that back case. At the very least, the shiny
black case is prone to smudges and fingerprints, although not as much as you
might expect. If that is going to grate, go for the regular black option, which
comes with a matte finish.

It also has the touch sensitive home button with the haptic feedback. I find it
hard to hate it, because I barely noticed the difference. The taptic engine that
has taken the space the headphone jack used to occupy solves that problem. Press
the button and you'll get a jolt of feedback rather than the click the 6S gives.
It's hard to pick it out though, and after some initial weirdness, I completely
forgot it wasn't a regular mechanical button.

Because let's face it, water resistance is something that is worth sacrificing
the click home button for. There have been too many tales of dunked iPhones that
have slowly - or rapidly - met their doom, including dips in the toilet, a sink
and in one recent tale that was related to me, a washing machine.

Like the 7 Plus, the iPhone 7 is powered by an A10 Fusion chip, with the power
bump and efficiency that brings. It can be powerful when it needs to be, and
dial things back when it doesn't. Good news if you want to play games on your
phone, or run some more intensive applications, but still like to have a battery
that lasts more than a couple of hours. There have been rumours that
benchmarking tests have shown it has less RAM than the 7 Plus, but on the
performance front, there were no issues that we uncovered with the iPhone 7 on a
day-to-day basis.

And speaking of day to day, the battery life on the iPhone 7 is, as promised, an
improvement on the 6S. The latter barely lasts a full day with heavy use, but
the iPhone 7 still had some to spare by the time the sun went down. That gets
two thumbs up alone.

The camera may not live up to the 7 Plus's dual offering, with its telephoto
lens and forthcoming bokeh effect, but it's still a great camera. It gets the
four LED True Tone flash that the 7 Plus offers, and it also performs better in
low light than its predecessor.

Details are clearer, and there's less of a gloomy cast on images when the
lighting isn't perfect.

The iPhone 7 has stereo speakers and that missing headphone jack. Get used to
your new Bluetooth buddies, or be prepared to use those stereo speakers a lot.
The iPhone 7's speakers, by the way, are probably going to be the very thing
that people will be complaining about in a few months time. The current hell
that is the commute home, thanks to people playing music through their tinny
phone speakers, is about to get a whole lot worse. Even if it does sound a lot
better.

The good

The camera may not be quite at the level of the 7 Plus, but many people can live
without the extra camera lens if they get better low light images.

No more murky, soft pictures - well, fewer of them anyway. It's also easier to
handle than the Plus, with that 4.7 inch screen more likely to fit in your
pocket.

The not so good

The price of the iPhone 7 is hardly on the budget end of things, and when you
weigh up the better camera technology in the iPhone 7 Plus, you may opt for that
instead. Depending on how important cameras are to you, of course.

The rest

Like the 7 Plus, there is no headphone jack, so you may need to rethink your
audio options if you need to charge your phone while you listen to music.

The verdict

 HHHH

We won't pretend that the iPhone 7 is a massive leap forward in technology that
will silence the critics and propel it ahead of Samsung permanently.

Perhaps that will come next year with the 10th anniversary of the iPhone. But if
you are an iPhone user, and you can get over the lack of a headphone jack, it's
certainly an upgrade worth considering.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             721 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                dailypost.co.uk

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 8:47 PM GMT

How much will the iPhone 7 cost and when will it hit shop shelves in North
Wales?;
The latest iPhone was unveiled by Apple in San Francisco

BYLINE: By Owen Hughes

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 302 words


Apple has launched its latest handset at an event in San Francisco.

Apple chief executive Tim Cook unveiled the iPhone 7, saying the firm's
smartphone had become the "industry gold standard", and the smartphone "by which
all overs are measured".

The 7 costs from £599 to £799 and the 7 Plus from £719 to £789 depending on how
much storage

4G mast will bring better North Wales mobile coverage...but could hit YOUR
television signal

They will both be available in sizes up to 256GB.

The iPhone 7 has stereo speakers for the first time.

iPhone 7 Plus is set to have two cameras. This will have a superior zoom feature
than the standard iPhone 7. The new camera system has optical image
stabilisation, to prevent shaking hands from ruining images.

The second lens on the 7 Plus is a 'telephoto' lens and will enable users to
quickly zoom in without losing image quality - something that has plagued
smartphones for years.

An extra two hours of battery life will be added onto the new iPhone 7 and 7
Plus models.

The new iPhone will be water and dust resistant.

The home button has been given a vibration-based taptic feedback system so it
now vibrates when touched to give users feedback. The feature is already in use
on the firm's MacBook laptops.

Samsung suspends Galaxy Note 7 smartphone sales over exploding battery fears

Apple also confirmed the removal of the headphone jack connection on the base of
the phone. Apple said it now includes earphones in their boxes that connect to
the iPhone's Lightning connection, currently used for charging and data
transfer.

An adaptor will also be included in the box that will enable traditional
headphone users to connect to the new iPhone and continue to use their existing
headset.

New "breakthrough" wireless EarPods called AirPods were also unveiled for those
wanting to go wireless.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDPNM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             722 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Some greet arrival of iPhone 7 with a shrug

BYLINE: Ma Si

LENGTH: 442  words


Wang Wanli, a 26-year-old sales manager in Beijing, has been thinking about
upgrading his iPhone 6, which he bought two years ago. To his disappointment,
however, Apple's latest product rollout on Thursday morning fell short of his
expectations.

He said he had found no big improvement on the iPhone 7, which Apple is banking
on to regain the market share in China that it is losing to domestic players.

For example, he is comfortable with Apple's operating system, but he said he
thought "the iPhone 7 does not look as cool as the Lenovo Moto Z modular
handset".

Wang is not alone. As Chinese smartphone vendors such as Huawei and Oppo
scramble to offer cheaper alternatives with competitive functions, experts say
local consumers are less willing to wait in long lines for a new iPhone.

The iPhone 7 will be available in China on Sept 16, although online ordering
begins on Friday. Jin Di, research manager at International Data Corp China,
said iPhone 7's routine upgrades on cameras and processors show that hard-ware
is no longer Apple's edge.

"The sales of iPhone 7 will be worse than the iPhone 6, which once took China by
storm," Jin said.

The declining popularity of iPhones highlights challenges that Apple is facing
in China, which was once the company's biggest growth engine but has recently
become a source of disappointment.

In the quarter ended in June, Apple saw a 33 percent drop in sales in China,
marking its highest decline in all regions, while domestic brands Huawei and
Oppo saw surges in shipments of 15 per-cent and 124 percent, respectively.

Huawei said earlier this month that it had sold 4.5 million units of P9 by July,
its premium-end smartphone that includes dual cameras and sells for 3,688 yuan
($550). In comparison, the iPhone 7 Plus with similar features starts at 6,388
yuan.

"It will be hard for Apple to regain the crown in China with the iPhone 7
series, given the declining enthusiasm among consumers," said Nicole Peng,
research director at Shanghai-based consultancy Canalys.

Canalys forecasts that Apple will see a 12 percent year-on-year decline in
smartphone shipments to China this year.

According to Peng, Apple still dominates the above-3,000 yuan handset market,
where most consumers remain loyal to the brand.

"But that consumer group is growing very, very slowly. And Apple's growth, in
fact, needs to be driven by potential consumers who usually buy smartphones
priced from 2,000 yuan to 3,000 yuan. Now, however, such potential consumers
have all chosen local vendors," Peng added.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 09/09/2016 page1)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/93/147355563705.jpg

eca86bda350e193c53760c.jpg

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             723 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                           September 12, 2016 Monday

Redington to sell iPhone 7 and 7 Plus from October 7 in India

LENGTH: 174  words

DATELINE: Chennai


Chennai, Sept. 12 -- Redington India, one of the Apple's main distributors in
India, would begin the sale of iPhone 7 and 7 Plus in 3,000 retail locations
across the country, the city-based company said today.


 "Redington India will offer iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, beginning October 7, in
3,000 retail locataions across the country. The launch will be done through
special events at select stores in key cities," a company statement said.
 The Cupertino-based company launched two smartphones - iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus - at an event in San Francisco Wednesday.
 The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB
storage variants in silver, gold and rose gold colours. The new Jet Black colour
variant will come only in 128GB and 256GB variants.
 While the 32GB phone will be available in India for Rs 60,000, the pricing of
the other models for the country is not known yet.
 The Chennai-headquartered Redington India also has presence in the Middle East,
Africa, Turkey, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and CIS countries, it said.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             724 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 1, 2016 Thursday 7:23 PM GMT

iPhone 7 could give Apple fans one very big reason to upgrade;
Apple packaging leak appears to confirm a 256GB model of the iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 301 words


Apple fans may be bemoaning the rumoured loss of the headphone jack with the
iPhone 7, but there's one very big incentive to upgrade.

According to the latest leaked images, Apple's next plus-size smartphone could
feature more internal storage than any of its predecessors - meaning more room
to download apps and store photos than ever before.

There have been rumours that Apple is planning to launch a 256GB model for some
time, but now a sheet outlining some of the key features of the iPhone 7 Plus
has emerged on Chinese microblogging site Weibo , appearing to confirm the
rumour.

The sheet clearly shows plans for a 256GB version of the device - doubling the
capacity of the largest iPhone 6s Plus.

This is a huge amount of storage for an iPhone. For context, it's the same
amount of storage offered on Apple's top-of-the-range iPad Pro , which costs
£739.

Apple's decision to include this option may relate to rumours that the iPhone 7
Plus will have a dual lens camera , capable of capturing SLR-quality photos.

If this is the case, it is likely that the images captured will take up a lot
more storage space than standard iPhone photos.

Apple has also launched a new iCloud tier this week, offering a massive two
terabytes of storage for just £19.99 a month. This is the largest amount of
space offered by the company to date.

The leaked spec sheet, whose authenticity has not been verified, also suggests
that Apple's will bundle the new iPhone with its own EarPods, featuring a
Lightning connector, and a "Lightning to Headphone Jack Adapter".

This differs from earlier rumours, which suggested the iPhone 7 would come
bundled with wireless "AirPod" earphones .

Apple is expected to unveil its iPhone 7 at an event in San Francisco on
September 7. For all the latest rumours, check out our full round-up here .

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             725 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Asia News Network (ANN)

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Some Chinese greet arrival of iPhone 7 with a shrug

BYLINE: Ma Si

LENGTH: 420  words


Wang Wanli, a 26-year-old sales manager in Beijing, has been thinking about
upgrading his iPhone 6, which he bought two years ago. To his disappointment,
however, Apple's latest product rollout on Thursday morning fell short of his
expectations.

He said he had found no big improvement on the iPhone 7, which Apple is banking
on to regain the market share in China that it is losing to domestic players.

For example, he is comfortable with Apple's operating system, but he said he
thought "the iPhone 7 does not look as cool as the Lenovo Moto Z modular
handset".

Wang is not alone. As Chinese smartphone vendors such as Huawei and Oppo
scramble to offer cheaper alternatives with competitive functions, experts say
local consumers are less willing to wait in long lines for a new iPhone.

The iPhone 7 will be available in China on Sept 16, although online ordering
begins on Friday.

Jin Di, research manager at International Data Corp China, said iPhone 7's
routine upgrades on cameras and processors show that hardware is no longer
Apple's edge.

"The sales of iPhone 7 will be worse than the iPhone 6, which once took China by
storm," Jin said.

The declining popularity of iPhones highlights challenges that Apple is facing
in China, which was once the company's biggest growth engine but has recently
become a source of disappointment.

In the quarter ended in June, Apple saw a 33 per cent drop in sales in China,
marking its highest decline in all regions, while domestic brands Huawei and
Oppo saw surges in shipments of 15 per cent and 124 per cent,respectively.

Huawei said earlier this month that it had sold 4.5 million units of P9 by July,
its premium-end smartphone that includes dual cameras and sells for 3,688 yuan
($550). In comparison, the iPhone 7 Plus with similar features starts at 6,388
yuan.

"It will be hard for Apple to regain the crown in China with the iPhone 7
series, given the declining enthusiasm among consumers," said Nicole Peng,
research director at Shanghai-based consultancy Canalys.

Canalys forecasts that Apple will see a 12 per cent year-on-year decline in
smartphone shipments to China this year.

According to Peng, Apple still dominates the above-3,000 yuan handset market,
where most consumers remain loyal to the brand.

"But that consumer group is growing very, very slowly. And Apple's growth, in
fact, needs to be driven by potential consumers who usually buy smartphones
priced from 2,000 yuan to 3,000 yuan. Now, however, such potentialconsumers have
all chosen local vendors," Peng added.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 2075


                       Copyright 2016 Asia News Network.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             726 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                           September 30, 2016 Friday

Apple iPhone 7 follows Samsung Note 7, explodes inside package!;
Following the steps of arch-rival Samsung, an Apple iPhone 7 exploded while
still in the package. The post Apple iPhone 7 follows Samsung Note 7, explodes
inside package! appeared first on The Financial Express.

BYLINE: FE Online

LENGTH: 321  words


Following the steps of arch-rival Samsung, an Apple iPhone 7 exploded while
still in the package. A Reddit user "kroopthesnoop" posted a picture of the
exploded iPhone 7 this week. Now, the iPhone 7 did not go off in glory like the
Samsung Galaxy Note 7, due to a battery effect, but while still in transit. When
the user received the iPhone & he had ordered and took it out of the box, he
found it in this condition. Though details are yet to be available on the same
yet. The user said on Reddit that something went wrong with the phone between
the factory and the delivery.

Apple is yet to make a public comment on the matter. It might have had something
to do with the delivery system, but they haven't responded either. Well, both
the companies would have a lot of answers, once the buyer asks for a
replacement. It seems that the world's leading smartphone companies just can't
exist without copying each other. Samsung has time and again in the past been
infamous for copying down Apple's products, features and designs, technologies.
Samsung was even sued by Apple for the same. Apple, too, would have never gone
for iPhones with bigger displays, if Samsung hadn't done so. In fact, Apple has
introduced the same features Android phones have, years after they are actually
launched. But copying exploding phones is a tad too much.

Earlier, Samsung's new Galaxy Note 7, which was launched a week before the Apple
iPhone 7, started developing a battery issue and explosions started happening
everywhere. So much so, that the company had to ask its users to return their
phones to the company to get a replacement. Airport authorities and Airlines
companies even asked passengers to not carry their Note 7s on board. Now, it
must be noted that the Apple iPhone 7 explosion is an isolated incident and the
exact causes are yet unknown. So, we would have to look out for other such
incidents before deciding to cry foul at Apple.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             727 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Edinburgh Evening News

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple release water-resistant iPhone 7

LENGTH: 442  words


APPLE has unveiled the new iPhone 7, having made the phone water resistant for
the first time and removed the headphone jack.

The tech giant's chief executive Tim Cook announced the phone at an event in San
Francisco, though a social media glitch saw the firm's Twitter account - only
recently activated - accidentally reveal the news early.

A new version of the Apple Watch, called the Series 2 and with greater focus on
health and exercise tracking, was also announced, including a special Nike+
version for runners.

The Watch, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will go on sale on 16 September, with
pre-orders for the devices beginning tomorrow.

The iPhone 7 will start at £599 in the UK for the 32GB model, which makes it £60
more expensive than the iPhone 6s.

Instead of the traditional headphone connection, iPhone packages will now come
with earphones that fit into the phone's lightning port, currently used for
charging and data transfer.

However, Apple also revealed new wireless earphones, called AirPods, that will
connect to both iPhone and Apple Watch remotely.

Meanwhile, an adaptor that enables traditional headphones to continue to plug
into the iPhone will also be included in the box.

The iPhone 7 has also had its camera redesigned, with a second lens being added
to the larger iPhone 7 Plus that will enable users to capture more zoomed images
without losing picture quality.

The lenses across the two phones now contain a 12 mega-pixel sensor.

Other new features include the home button of the new phones, which can now
detect how firmly it is being pressed and provide vibration-based feedback.

The handsets can be submerged in water up to depths of 1m (3.2ft) for 30 minutes
at a time.

Mr Cook said of the smartphone: "It has become the industry gold standard.

"iPhone is the phone by which all others are measured and it has become a
cultural phenomenon."

In July, the tech giant revealed it had sold the one billionth unit of the
device, while Mr Cook said the Apple Watch was now the world's second most
popular watch brand and most popular smartwatch.

Analysts say the new iPhones could help Apple recover modestly from a recent dip
in sales.

But with few expected dramatic changes from previous models, Apple watchers
aren't expecting the kind of big spikes in consumer demand that the company saw
two years ago, when it introduced larger screens.

Apple sold nearly 92 million iPhones in the first six months of this year, about
15 percent fewer than the same period last year. The launch comes a week after
the European Commission demanded Apple pay up to ¤13 billion (£11bn) in back
taxes to Ireland - a ruling the firm is appealing against.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STEN


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             728 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple release water-resistant iPhone 7

LENGTH: 442  words


APPLE has unveiled the new iPhone 7, having made the phone water resistant for
the first time and removed the headphone jack.

The tech giant's chief executive Tim Cook announced the phone at an event in San
Francisco, though a social media glitch saw the firm's Twitter account - only
recently activated - accidentally reveal the news early.

A new version of the Apple Watch, called the Series 2 and with greater focus on
health and exercise tracking, was also announced, including a special Nike+
version for runners.

The Watch, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will go on sale on 16 September, with
pre-orders for the devices beginning tomorrow.

The iPhone 7 will start at £599 in the UK for the 32GB model, which makes it £60
more expensive than the iPhone 6s.

Instead of the traditional headphone connection, iPhone packages will now come
with earphones that fit into the phone's lightning port, currently used for
charging and data transfer.

However, Apple also revealed new wireless earphones, called AirPods, that will
connect to both iPhone and Apple Watch remotely.

Meanwhile, an adaptor that enables traditional headphones to continue to plug
into the iPhone will also be included in the box.

The iPhone 7 has also had its camera redesigned, with a second lens being added
to the larger iPhone 7 Plus that will enable users to capture more zoomed images
without losing picture quality.

The lenses across the two phones now contain a 12 mega-pixel sensor.

Other new features include the home button of the new phones, which can now
detect how firmly it is being pressed and provide vibration-based feedback.

The handsets can be submerged in water up to depths of 1m (3.2ft) for 30 minutes
at a time.

Mr Cook said of the smartphone: "It has become the industry gold standard.

"iPhone is the phone by which all others are measured and it has become a
cultural phenomenon."

In July, the tech giant revealed it had sold the one billionth unit of the
device, while Mr Cook said the Apple Watch was now the world's second most
popular watch brand and most popular smartwatch.

Analysts say the new iPhones could help Apple recover modestly from a recent dip
in sales.

But with few expected dramatic changes from previous models, Apple watchers
aren't expecting the kind of big spikes in consumer demand that the company saw
two years ago, when it introduced larger screens.

Apple sold nearly 92 million iPhones in the first six months of this year, about
15 percent fewer than the same period last year. The launch comes a week after
the European Commission demanded Apple pay up to ¤13 billion (£11bn) in back
taxes to Ireland - a ruling the firm is appealing against.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             729 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Namibian Sun

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Dual-lens camera, wireless AirPods

LENGTH: 833  words


Dual-lens camera, wireless AirPodsThe iPhone 7 and other goodies from Apple have
been unveiled at the company's massive San Francisco event. Apple makes splash
with waterproof iPhones Apple is out to make a splash with new waterproof
iPhones, a smartphone game starring Nintendo's beloved "Mario" and a push on
wireless headphones.


The iPhone 7 and larger iPhone 7 Plus, with sophisticated camera technology,
improved water resistance and other features, were shown off to applause on
Wednesday at an Apple event in San Francisco.
The flagship devices with boosted memory capacity will be sold at roughly the
same price as the models they replace, starting at $649 for the iPhone 7 for US
customers, with deliveries in 25 countries beginning September 16.
Revered Nintendo game designer Shigeru Miyamoto was a surprise guest at the
Apple event, unveiling a new "Super Mario Run" game heading for the iPhone by
the year-end holidays.
"We want as many people of all ages to be able to play Super Mario Run,"
Miyamoto said.
"We plan to release it at a set price, and then you can play to your heart's
content." The price was not disclosed.
Apple, Nintendo and game maker Niantic used the event to announce the wildly
popular Pokemon Go would be available for Apple Watch users later this month.
Pokemon Go has been downloaded more than 500 million times and billions of
kilometers have been walked by players since it was made available free in early
July, according to Niantic Labs, which created the game.
A new iPhone feature which may ruffle some feathers is the removal of the
headphone jack, requiring audio to be delivered via Apple's proprietary
"lightning" connector or by wireless.
Lightning connectors were designed from the outset to handle high-quality audio,
Apple vice president Phil Schiller told the audience, addressing concerns about
the jack removal.
"It comes down to one reason: courage, the courage to move on," Schiller said of
the decision to get rid of the traditional headset port.
"Our smartphones are packed with technologies and we all want more, and it is
all fighting for space in that same enclosure. Maintaining an old,
single-purpose connector just doesn't make sense."
Apple "AirPods" wireless ear pieces and adaptors to plug old-fashioned wired
headsets into Lightning ports will come with iPhone 7 models, according to
Schiller.
The 3.5mm analogue jack for wired headsets dates back more than a century, and
it was time for someone to "break from the past and start pushing people into
the future," Creative Strategies analyst Tim Bajarin said after the event.
Apple may be setting the stage for a dramatically different iPhone model to
debut next year on the 10th anniversary of the smartphone first introduced in
2007, Bajarin reasoned.
"It could be a first step for Apple making this completely wireless, and maybe
next year a new iPhone with wireless charging," the analyst said.
The new-generation iPhones and Apple Watch boast the ability to get wet without
getting ruined.
"The first Apple Watch was splash-proof, the Apple Watch Series 2 is
swim-proof," Apple chief operating officer Jeff Williams said during the
presentation.
The new smartphones come with Apple seeking to reverse declines in sales of the
iPhone in an increasingly saturated global market, and boost its Apple Watch.
Apple chief executive Tim Cook said the new smartphones take advantage of the
latest iPhone software, iOS 10.
"We are about to launch iOS 10, our biggest iOS release ever. It is jam-packed
with new features," Cook said.
"Now of course the world's most advanced mobile operating system deserves the
most advanced smartphone, and here it is."
The iPhone 7 Plus, Apple's version of a "phablet," includes dual cameras to
improve optical performance and photo quality.
While Apple has touted total iPhone sales of one billion, the number sold in the
quarter ending June 25 fell 15 percent from a year earlier, highlighting
concerns over growth for the key profit driver.
Analysts were split on whether new iPhones would help Apple regain momentum.
"I believe Apple did enough to keep the base happy with upgrades and arguably
did enough to attract some Android users," said analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor
Insights & Strategy.
"The iPhone 7 is a completely new phone."
But Neil Saunders of the research firm Conlumino said the iPhone 7 "is not
radically different to the previous incarnation." and that the new features "are
unlikely to be persuasive factors in determining whether consumers upgrade or
stick with what they have."
Bajarin believed the iPhone 7 models would encourage upgrades and stabilize
iPhone sales growth.
On the wearables front, its new Apple Watch Series 2 will also feature GPS -
allowing people to gather fitness data during an outdoor workout without need to
take along a smartphone.
"We started shipping Apple Watch just 18 months ago, and already people all over
the world are using it in many aspects of their daily lives," Cook said.

NAMPA/AFP

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1808


                              Copyright 2016 NHM.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             730 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                          September 17, 2016 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

iPhone 7 Plus sets photo standard;
iPhone 7 Plus Price: from (EURO)919 (32GB) Rating: ????? HHHHH

SECTION: REVIEW;NEWS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 382 words


I've been using the iPhone 7 Plus for over a week now. Initially, I worried that
its near-identical design to the iPhone 6S Plus (and iPhone 6 Plus) might make
it feel a little same-old, same-old. And the removal of the headphone jack
caused momentary pause. But the improvements under the hood, together with a
magnificent new dual-camera system, make it a worthy upgrade candidate.

The new 'haptic' home button feels a little odd for the first while. Whether
it's nostalgia or muscle-memory, there is something satisfying about pressing
down on an actual button. But it's actually fine, and if Apple is correct in
saying it makes the overall phone "more durable", that's definitely a good
thing.

It certainly helps make the phone more water-resistant. The iPhone 7 has no
problems with splashes of water or beer.

I also don't miss the headphone jack one bit, mainly because I mostly wear
wireless headphones anyway. But for those who might miss it, Apple has included
a 3.5mm adaptor in the box that fits the end of your earphone jack and goes into
the Lightning port. And there is still a pair of (Lightning) EarPod earphones
included with the new iPhone 7 anyway.

But the main feature here is the camera.

This is unquestionably the biggest reason to upgrade to this phone. It's
actually two cameras (with two sensors, according to Apple) on one device.
There's a wide-angle 28mm lens and a telephoto 56mm lens. This allows the phone
to 'zoom' from one angle (or view) to the other without compromising much
quality in the photo. Of critical importance to this whole process is the iPhone
7 Plus's optical stabilisation (also now available on the smaller iPhone 7).
When used with video, even a zoomed-in, apparently shaky filming process results
in a nice, smooth video.

You have to see this to believe it: it's a huge advance. The amount of light
that the camera lets in is much improved, too, with an f1.8 aperture The iPhone
7 Plus's battery life is around two hours better than previous iPhone Plus
models. Apple credits this largely to the reduced energy consumption of the
phone's powerful, efficient new A10 processor. It also has more storage
(starting at 32GB up to 256GB). Finally, iOS 10, with all its new widgets,
messaging animations and quick actions, looks great on the iPhone 7.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             731 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

New Apple iPhone 7 unveiled - better camera, no headphone jack

SECTION: BUSINESS; General

LENGTH: 1038 words


The tech giant has unveiled its latest iPhone and given a peek at its second
generation Apple Watch.

bull The iPhone 7 will cost $1,199 and the 7 Plus will cost $1,429. That"s for
the 32GB version. You can pre-order online from 7pm September 9.

bull Its new "Jet Black" finish is only available in the 128GB and 256GB
capacity, so you"re looking at paying at least NZ$1399 for the iPhone 7 in Jet
Black and $1629 for the iPhone 7 Plus in Jet Black.

See here for NZ Herald"s Sophie Ryan"s live blog from this morning"s event:

(function(d, s, id) {var
js,ijs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];if(d.getElementById(id))return;js=d.createEl
ement(s);js.id=id;js.src="https://embed.scribblelive.com/widgets/embed.js";ijs.p
arentNode.insertBefore(js, ijs);}(document, "script", "scrbbl-js"));

Apple"s latest iPhone may be more notable for what"s missing from previous
models than what"s being added. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus unveiled this morning
won"t have an analogue headphone jack - a longtime staple in just about every
consumer electronics device that can play audio.

Watch: Carpool Karaoke with Tim Cook

In doing so, Apple is betting that its legions of loyal fans will embrace the
shift to wireless headphones - or, if they insist on sticking with their old
ways, that they won"t mind using earbuds that plug into the iPhone"s power port,
or older headsets in conjunction with a new adapter.

READ MORE:

bull Apple accidentally leaks its own iPhone news on Twitter

The redesigned earbuds - with cord - will be included with the new iPhones. Also
in the box: an adapter consisting of two plugs connected by a short length of
cable, which will connect older headphones to the charging port.

See the latest images from Apple"s San Francisco event:

THE WIRELESS FUTURE LOOMS

But Apple is trying to push consumers to cut the cord with their headphones and
make the leap into what it envisions as a "wireless future."

"The reason to move on is courage," said Philip Schiller, Apple"s senior vice
president of worldwide marketing. "The courage to move on and do something new
that will benefit all of us."

As part of the transition, Apple also is introducing wireless "AirPods" that
will sell for $160.

Getting rid of the 3.5 millimetre headphone jack helped Apple make its new
iPhone slimmer, boost its battery lifetime and add other improvements, including
stereo speakers and a sharper camera. The iPhone 7 is also water resistant, a
popular feature that rivals such as Samsung Electronics already have been
offering.

Apple is trying to reverse its first decline in iPhone sales since the company"s
late founder, Steve Jobs, unveiled the trendsetting device in 2007.

Apple sold nearly 92 million iPhones during the first six months of this year,
or about 15 percent fewer than the same period last year. Industry analysts
blame the downturn on last fall"s uninspiring rollout of the iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus, neither of which included enough compelling feature to persuade consumers
to replace the phones that they already owned.

BEEN THERE, DONE THAT

Now the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus may be plagued by the same syndrome.

Phone advances from Apple, Samsung and other smartphone makers in recent years
are becoming so run-of-the-mill that BGC analyst Colin Gillis says the industry
is gradually losing its ability to dazzle consumers. That"s something Jobs was
famous for whenever he showed off new products.

In a research note, Gillis predicted that shopping for a new smartphones is
becoming "like buying a microwave - something people do, but not a major event."
He believes Apple"s iPhone sales could decline by 5 percent during the next
year.

If that happens, it will be bad news for Apple, the world"s most valuable
company. It relies on the iPhone for two-thirds of its revenue, partly because
the company hasn"t been able to come up with another breakthrough innovation
under the leadership of CEO Tim Cook, Jobs" hand-picked successor.

Investors weren"t very enthused about what they saw Wednesday. Apple"s stock
shed 29 cents to US$107.41 in late afternoon trading. The shares are stuck
slightly below their value a year ago when the last iPhone came out.

Watch: iPhone 7 product video:

BETTER CAMERA, FASTER PROCESSOR

Piper Jaffray"s Gene Munster is among the industry analysts predicting more
dramatic changes to the iPhone next fall to herald the 10-year anniversary of
the first model.

The most significant upgrades to this year"s models include a faster processor
and a better camera, upgrades that Apple typically makes every year. The more
expensive and larger iPhone 7 Plus boasts the biggest change, with two digital
camera lenses.

One will be for wide-angle views and the other will have telephoto capabilities,
which Apple says will zoom in by up to 10 times while still providing the same
clarity as a shot on the standard distance setting.

The phones will offer more storage than earlier models. As people store more
photos and video on their phones, Apple is taking a cue from rival phone makers
and offering its starter model with 32 gigabytes of storage.

OTHER UPDATES

Those who aren"t getting a new iPhone will still see improvements with a new
mobile operating system called iOS 10. It will be available as free download
beginning Sept. 13. Among other things, the software will add more intelligence
to Apple services like Maps, Photos, the iPhone keyboard and Siri, the
voice-activated digital assistant.

The company also used Wednesday"s showcase to introduce a new generation of its
smartwatches, which will include GPS tracking and enough water resistance to
swim with, part of its effort to boost sales in its newest product line.

The Apple Watch has been the only major new product released during Cook"s
reign, and sales of the device so far have been lukewarm. The company hasn"t
disclosed sales figures for the Internet-connected watch, but research firm IDC
estimates that Apple shipped 1.6 million watches in the April-June quarter, less
half the 3.6 million a year earlier.

The Apple Watch will get a popular new app later this year too. Niantic Labs,
the maker of the cultural sensation Pokemon Go, announced that the game will be
released for the watch, building upon the apps that it already has designed for
the iPhone and Android devices.

-AP.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             732 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Niagara Falls Review

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Apple unveils iPhone 7 with better camera, no headphone jack

BYLINE: Brandon Bailey And Michael Liedtke, The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. C16

LENGTH: 722  words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Apple's latest iPhone may be more notable for what's missing from previous
models than what's being added. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus unveiled Wednesday won't
have an analog headphone jack - a longtime staple in just about every consumer
electronics device that can play audio.

In doing so, Apple is betting that its legions of loyal fans will embrace the
shift to wireless headphones - or, if they insist on sticking with their old
ways, that they won't mind using earbuds that plug into the iPhone's power port,
or older headsets in conjunction with a new adapter.

The redesigned earbuds - with cord - will be included with the new iPhones. Also
in the box: An adapter consisting of two plugs connected by a short length of
cable, which will connect older headphones to the charging port. Wireless future
looms But Apple is trying to push consumers to cut the cord with their
headphones and make the leap into what it envisions as a "wireless future."

"The reason to move on is courage ," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior
vice-president of worldwide marketing."The courage to move on and do something
new that will benefit all of us."

As part of the transition, Apple also is introducing wireless "AirPods " that
will sell for $160.

Getting rid of the3.5 millimeter headphone jack helped Apple make its new iPhone
slimmer, boost its battery lifetime and add other improvements, including stereo
speakers and a sharper camera. The iPhone 7 is also water resistant, a popular
feature that rivals such as Samsung Electronics already have been offering.

Apple is trying to reverse its first decline in iPhone sales since the company's
late founder, Steve Jobs, unveiled the trendsetting device in 2007.

Apple sold nearly 92 million iPhones during the first six months of this year,
or about 15 per cent fewer than the same period last year. Industry analysts
blame the downturn on last fall's uninspiring rollout of the iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus, neither of which included enough compelling feature to persuade consumers
to replace the phones that they already owned. Been there , done that Now the
iPhone 7 and 7 Plus may be plagued by the same syndrome.

Phone advances from Apple, Samsung and other smartphone makers in recent years
are becoming so run-of-the-mill that BGC analyst Colin Gillis says the industry
is gradually losing its ability to dazzle consumers. That's something Jobs was
famous for whenever he showed off new products.

In a Wednesday research note, Gillis predicted that shopping for a new
smartphones is becoming "like buying a microwave - something people do, but not
a major event." He believes Apple's iPhone sales could decline by 5 per cent
during the next year.

If that happens, it will be bad news for Apple, the world's most valuable
company. It relies on the iPhone for two-thirds of its revenue, partly because
the company hasn't been able to come up with another breakthrough innovation
under the leadership of CEO Tim Cook, Jobs'hand-picked successor.

Investors weren't very enthused about what they saw Wednesday. Apple's stock
shed 29 cents to $107.41 in late afternoon trading. The shares are stuck
slightly below their value a year ago when the last iPhone came out. Better
camera , processor Piper Jaffray's Gene Munster is among the industry analysts
predicting more dramatic changes to the iPhone next fall to herald the 10-year
anniversary of the first model.

The most significant upgrades to this year's models include a faster processor
and a better camera, upgrades that Apple typically makes every year. The more
expensive and larger iPhone 7 Plus boasts the biggest change, with two digital
camera lenses. One will be for wide-angle views and the other will have
telephoto capabilities, which Apple says will zoom in by up to 10 times while
still providing the same clarity as a shot on the standard distance setting.

The new iPhones will debut Sept. 16 in the U. S., China and more than two dozen
other countries. Orders will start this Friday.

The phones will offer more storage than earlier models. As people store more
photos and video on their phones, Apple is taking a cue from rival phone makers
and offering its starter model with 32 gigabytes of storage. It's still priced
at $650 for the iPhone 7 and $770 for the larger Plus model. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016
Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Ap; The lightning port of an iPhone 7 is shown
during an event to announce new Apple products Wednesday in San Francisco;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Niagara Falls Review
                              All Rights Reserved


                             733 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

First look at iPhone 7: Features to please the Apple faithfu

LENGTH: 656  words

DATELINE: New York



 (ARIZO) Phoenix: Arizona Republic The state of AZ has issued the following news
release:



 San Francisco-- Rarely have there been such modest expectations leading into an
iPhone launch. All we've heard lately is how Apple has misplaced its mojo and
how the entire smartphone industry has been languishing in an innovation glut.





 Apple found that mojo. No, the company didn't go gaga with a ton of new
features on the $649 (on up) iPhone 7 and $769 iPhone 7 Plus that Tim Cook
unveiled at San Francisco's Bill Graham Civic Auditorium Wednesday here, and
that will hit stores a week from Friday.



 What Apple has done is provide a lot of stuff that is sure to please the
faithful.



 USA TODAY



 Apple unveils iPhone 7, kills headphone jack



 Start with the fact that Apple, at long last, has made iPhones that are water
and dust resistant. Yes, Samsung (and others) got there first. But better late
than never still translates into "better."



 We'll all appreciate the longer battery life that Apple promises: if true,
iPhone 7 gets two extra hours of juice compared to the iPhone 6S. Same goes for
double the storage capacities (32GB is the new entry point), plus phones that
are likely to be snappier, what with a new A10 Fusion chip that company
executive Phil Schiller has likened to a "rocket ship." The graphics have also
been bolstered. The home button is more versatile.



 Most of Apple love, though, went to the cameras on the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus, the latter of which gets two rear cameras that will let you easily switch
from a wide-angle shot to a telephoto.



 USA TODAY



 The real winner from Apple's talk isn't Apple



 Both phones get a larger f/1.8 aperture that should improve low light
photography. There's optical image stabilization, a wider color gamut and other
camera features that have me excited to start shooting some pictures with the
latest handsets.



 Now let me get to the biggest bummer of the whole event. As had been widely
rumored, Apple indeed removed the standard headphone jack from the iPhone 7S
that has been on every iPhone to date, and virtually every other modern cell
phone that is out there.



 Apple has done this sort of thing before, acting, before others do, on getting
rid of stuff we've been seemingly using forever. Remember for example how we all
went nuts when Apple removed optical drives from Mac computers? Few of us miss
them now.Still, the removal of the standard headphone jack is one of those
things sure to annoy users.



 Apple is supplying free new wired EarPods that connect to the phone's Lightning
connector, which for Apple anyway, becomes the new standard for headphones. An
adapter will also be included at no charge that will let you plug in your older
headphones. Such adapters tend to be clumsy to use.



 By making this move, Apple is also pushing the use of wireless headphones. The
company unveiled new wireless AirPods that are apparently easy to set up and
charge. Most importantly, if Apple is to be believed, they sound swell, too.One
other key thing to keep in mind is that the new iPhones will run iOS 10, the
next version of the mobile operating system that adds Siri improvements, fancy
tricks to the Messages app, and voicemail transcription, among other new
features. I've been running the iOS 10 beta most of the summer and like the
software a lot.



 Those of you not inclined to buy either new iPhone can upgrade your existing
devices to iOS 10 starting Sept. 13.



 On balance, the new iPhone doesn't appear to have broken new ground. In
removing the standard headphone port not every user will be pleased. But
whenever Apple introduces a new iPhone it makes the identical claim: that this
latest device (or devices) is better than the ones that preceded it. That's what
we all have come to expect -- and that's what I expect of the iPhone 7 and 7
Plus.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             734 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            October 8, 2016 Saturday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Airtel, Jio Unveil iPhone 7 Offers

SECTION: COMPANIES: PURSUIT OF PROFIT

LENGTH: 192 words


Indian telcos Reliance Jio Infocomm and Bharti Airtel are rolling out free
benefits for Apple's new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus as India becomes a key
market for the Cupertino-based company, amid slowing growth in worldwide
smartphone sales.

Airtel said that iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus users will get 10 GB free 4G3G data
per month for one year with any Airtel Infinity postpaid plan.

Jio said buyers of any iPhone from Reli ance Retail or Apple store will get one
year of compli mentary services worth . 18,000; including free lo ' cal, STD and
roaming calls, 20 GB of cellular data, 40 GB of wi-fi and unlimited night data,
SMS and access to Jio applications. These users will also get the Jio welcome
offer free till December 31.

\x93...anyone who purchases an iPhone today gets 15 months of service absolutely
free of cost, an offer that is unprecedented in India,\x93 Jio said in a
statement, adding that these benefits will otherwise be available through a ' .
1,499 plan.

Reliance Jio's offer is available for iPhone 7 and iPhone 6 series as well as
the iPhone SE. Jio said enterprise users will get a 25% discount on iPhones and
attractive tariff plans.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             735 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 12, 2016 Monday 1:34 PM GMT

iPhone 7 launch: Fans queue up outside Apple Stores five days ahead of release
date;
The traditional queues are already appearing outside Apple Stores around the
world, ahead of the iPhone 7 release on Friday

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 414 words


The sight of people camping outside Apple Stores is nothing new. The queues have
been a feature of every iPhone launch since 2007.

However, reports that iPhone sales have peaked, and that the hype around Apple's
products is starting to dwindle, led some to doubt whether the lines would
materialise this year.

It seems that Apple needn't have worried - its magic fairy dust hasn't worn off
just yet.

Pictures have emerged today of queues already forming outside an Apple Store on
Kurfuerstendamm boulevard in Berlin, Germany.

iPhone 7: Release date, UK price, pictures, specs and key features of Apple's
new iPhone

Tents have been pitched on the pavement outside the shop, and several people
were pictured sitting in foldable chairs.

Win an iPhone 7 as Apple launch new waterproof smartphone

Similar scenes were captured outside Apple's flagship store in New York City,
where a line of people has already developed.

According to Harvard Zhang, an intern at Bloomberg News, the first man in the
queue has been waiting since August 25 - long before the iPhone 7 was even
unveiled.

One of the spots outside the New York store is up for sale for $300, and some
Apple fans are even paying others to queue for them, with one "pro line-sitter"
in 11th place claiming to be paid $3,400 for a week.

If all this queuing sounds like far too much effort, one mobile network in New
Zealand is taking a different approach.

Spark, which will be selling the iPhone 7 from Friday, has announced that the
first 100 customers to pre-order Apple's iPhone 7 will be assigned their own
robot to wait in line for them.

Dubbed "Alpha 1", the mini bots are controlled by an app, and each carries its
own phone, allowing customers to virtually join the queue via Facetime.

The cute little bots can dance and work out to pass the time in the queue.
Unlike their human counterparts, they don't need tents, so cause a lot less
disruption on the street.

Apple unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco
last week.

While the devices look fairly similar to their predecessors, Apple has made a
number of intriguing changes to its tried-and-tested formula.

The headphone jack is gone , the phone is finally waterproof and there's also a
new colour - plus the larger 5.5-inch model has a dual-lens camera.

Of course, there's no real need to queue up outside shops. You can pre-order the
device from Apple, or one of the UK's many mobile operators, and pop out to
collect it or get it delivered on Friday.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             736 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

traders in cool call over new apple mobiles;
Unveiling of iPhone 7 greeted with scepticism by secondary market but mainland
payment system is described as 'big deal' for rising middle class

BYLINE: Bien Perez and Josh Ye

SECTION: /EDITORIAL/CONTENT/SCMP/NEWS/CITY; nws city front.pgl; Consumer
Affairs; Pg.1

LENGTH: 476 words


Despite Hong Kong, the mainland and Taiwan being among the first to get their
hands on the new ­iPhone 7, local secondary market traders remained sceptical
over its upgrades and pricing.


Apple unveiled its new iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2
yesterday.


The release is widely expected to boost smartphone and smartwatch sales around
the world after a damaging Samsung Electronics product recall and a global
­economic slowdown.


Apple also confirmed it will extend its year-old iPhone ­upgrade programme to
the mainland, allowing consumers there to purchase an unlocked iPhone or iPhone
7 Plus from the company's online store and branded shops.


Those who sign up for the ­programme pay for the phone on a monthly basis, and
may select their own telecommunications network operator and upgrade their
device annually.


While pricing for the mainland was not disclosed, monthly payments in the US
start at US$32. A spokesman said Hong Kong was not included in the programme.


"I think this is a big deal and makes a lot of sense for the rising middle class
in mainland China," Ben Bajarin, from consulting firm Creative Strategies, said.
"Instead of spending one huge lump sum, those consumers can use their
discretionary spending to pay a smaller monthly amount to get a new iPhone each
year."


Apple will accept pre-orders for the iPhone from today, ­according to the firm's
website.


The new models are set to be available in Hong Kong, the mainland at Taiwan from
a week today.


The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are the first dust and water-resistant handsets
from Apple. Other features include a faster processor, longer battery life,
wireless earphones and advanced camera capabilities.


Prices start from HK$5,588, with storage capacity options of 32GB, 128GB and
256GB.


The updated Apple Watch ­Series 2 was also launched with a built-in Global
Positioning ­System among other upgrades. Prices start at HK$2,888.


But despite the fanfare ­surrounding Apple's latest ­offering, Hong Kong
smartphone traders remained sceptical of the new models' pricing and ­upgrades.


The owner of LIKE at Sin Tat Plaza in Mong Kok, who identified himself as Peter,
said he was "not impressed" by the new model.


"If I was a buyer, I probably would not pay an extra HK$2,000 just to get my
hands on the new iPhone before anyone else," he said.


Of the new models, Lau Chi-kong, owner of G-World Mobile at Sin Tat Plaza, said
he expected more sales of the iPhone 7 Plus, which comes with a dual camera and
presents better value for phone traders.


"The margins will be about HK$1,000 to HK$2,000," he said.


Lau said the new models were only a slight upgrade from the ­iPhone 6s, and he
doubted there would be much of a market frenzy beyond the first day of trading.


"But there could be a market for certain devices," he said.


"The iPhone 7 Plus in jet black could be quite sought after."

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             737 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Cairns Post (Australia)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                                 Cairns Edition

What to expect from the latest iPhone 7

BYLINE: RODNEY CHESTER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 187  words


WHEN Apple CEO Tim Cook launches the iPhone 7 today, it will be a case of the
same iPhone you know but with more and less.

The more is expected to be a dual lens camera in the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus
"phablet" and the less is the expected removal of the headphone jack in the
iPhone 7 range, something that will make the phones slimmer but will also mean
people will be scrambling for an adaptor to plug in their favourite earphones.

It would be a genuine surprise if the iPhone 7 Plus did not have a dual lens
camera.

It could mean clearer pictures in a camera that works better in low light or it
could be an optical zoom. Time, and Tim Cook, will tell.

The leaks suggest the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will have a similar form factor to the
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, aside from moving the antenna strip from the back of the
phone, the addition of the extra lens in the bigger phone and a second speaker
likely to replace the headphone port.Apple is expected to release new headphones
with the iPhone with some tipping a new style of wireless beats called AirPods,
based on leaked reports of registered trade names ahead of today's event.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Cairns Post


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             738 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                          September 22, 2016 Thursday

This is how much it actually costs to manufacture Apple iPhone 7;
Priced at Rs 60,000 in India, an entry-level iPhone 7 with 4.7-inch and 32 GB
storage costs the company $224.80 (Rs 15,065).-- Delivered by Feed43 service

BYLINE: FE Online

LENGTH: 213  words


Apple created quite a buzz with the launch of its iPhone 7. As per a teardown
report released by IHS Markit, Apple is spending more money to manufacture its
latest model than its predecessor iPhone 6S. Priced at Rs 60,000 in India, an
entry-level iPhone 7 with 4.7-inch and 32 GB storage costs the company $224.80
(Rs 15,065). While the IHS estimate for iPhone 6s in 2015 was around Rs 13,402
($36.89).

Apple retails an unsubsidized 32GB iPhone 7 at $649. IHS also added that the
iPhone 7's Bill Of Materials (BOM), a financial estimate of the raw materials
used, was "in line" with flagship smartphones made by rival Samsung Electronics
but Apple ekes out better margins.

"All other things being equal, Apple still makes more margin from hardware than
Samsung, but materials costs are higher than in the past," said Andrew
Rassweiler, senior director of cost benchmarking services for IHS Markit.

While iPhone 7 and its predecessors look similar on the outlook, new display
with a better screen resolution, bigger battery and a large internal storage
makes the former different from latter. IHS is yet to perform a teardown
analysis on iPhone 7.

Yet, in some markets, such as China, interest in the new phone has been muted,
as cheaper local brands amp up their design and marketing.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             739 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      February 5, 2016 Friday 7:17 PM GMT

Apple's next iPhone could launch as soon as March - but it might not be the
phone you're expecting;
Apple's next iPhone will be unveiled next month, according to rumours, but it
won't be the iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 371 words


Apple's next iPhone will launch next month, according to a new report, but it
may not be the phone you're expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours have been building for months that Apple is developing a
new device that will launch in the Spring.

Now a report in 9to5Mac claims that the new iPhone will be unveiled at an event
on Tuesday March 15, alongside the iPad Air 3 and Apple Watch 2.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7 , this is NOT
that phone. This is what many are expecting to be called the iPhone 5se .

The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to the usual
schedule.

Confusing right? Here's what we know so far about the iPhone 5se.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone 5se is rumoured to be a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing
Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

The "se" suffix has reportedly been described in two ways by Apple employees: as
a "special edition" variation of the 4-inch iPhone screen size, and as an
"enhanced" version of the iPhone 5s.

Leaked photos suggest that it will take design queues from the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus - , with curved glass edges and a "Touch ID" fingerprint reader .

Read more: iPhone sales may have peaked, but our love affair with Apple is far
from over

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Other rumoured features include an 8-megapixel rear camera and 1.2-megapixel
front camera, support for Live Photos and Apple Pay, and the same Silver, Space
Grey, Gold and Rose Gold colour options as the 6s lineup.

The iPhone 5se will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper , according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who
suggests it will cost around $400-500 (£250-350).

It will only account for 8-9% of next year's iPhone sales, but it will help
Apple expand its presence in emerging markets, and among consumers on tighter
budgets, according to Mr Kuo.

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             740 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 6:25 PM GMT

Apple iPhone 7 unveiled early in Twitter blunder - with waterproof design;
Details on the brand new handset came before Tim Cook's presentation

BYLINE: Ben Travis

SECTION: TECH AND GAMING

LENGTH: 220 words


Apple fans hoping for the first glimpse of the iPhone 7 were asked to tune in to
the tech giant's live stream for official information.

But their Twitter account was ahead of the game - and unveiled the handset
before Apple head honcho Tim Cook was able to.

A now-deleted video on the official Apple Twitter account introduced the 'new
water-resistant iPhone 7'.

The clip included a shot of the handset being splashed by water.

Read more

iPhone 7: launch date, rumours, and what you need to know

The phone in the video seems to indicate the larger camera lens thatleaked in
recent images.

Water-resistance was a rumoured new feature of the iPhone 7, catching up with
recent Sony and Samsung models with a similar function.

As of writing, Tim Cook has not unveiled the new handset - but more details will
be forthcoming as the Apple presentation continues.

Watch the evolution of the iPhone

Read more

iPhone 7: Apple set to unveil latest smartphone as host of new features expected

How to free up space on your iPhone without deleting your apps

iPhone bug allows hackers to steal passwords unless users update devices

Cook's update on the App Store revealed that a brand new Super Mario game from
Nintendo will be launching along with iOS 10, with Mario creator Shigeru
Miyamoto presenting footage of the new title.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2016 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             741 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (Nigeria)

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Apple announces iPhone 7, will be water-resistant

BYLINE: Philip Nwosu

LENGTH: 360 words


Notice: Undefined index: layout_id in
/var/www/vhosts/sunnews/wp-content/themes/fastnews/library/front.ph p on line
1663
Apple just leaked the iPhone 7 on Twitter. iPhone 7. The best iPhone ever, in
every way that matters. Pre-order now. Available 9/16. apple.co/iPhone7preorder
https://t.co /jK5y3cpzpr-- (@Apple) September 07, 2016 (The tweet above was
instantly deleted. Even funnier, Apple has deleted all of the account's tweets.)
It's water resistant. It has new cameras. It has stereo...

Apple just leaked the iPhone 7 on Twitter.

iPhone 7. The best iPhone ever, in every way that matters. Pre-order now.
Available 9/16. apple.co/iPhone7preorder https://t.co /jK5y3cpzpr--
(@Apple) September 07, 2016

(The tweet above was instantly deleted. Even funnier, Apple has deleted all of
the account's tweets.)

It's water resistant. It has new cameras. It has stereo speakers. And it's
available for pre-order in a few moments, available to buy in stores on
September 16.

It's worth noting that Apple is one of the most tight-lipped CE company in the
world. The fact that they accidentally leaked one of the biggest announcements
of the year is quite surprising.

Of course, we're in the middle of Apple's press event, and the official info
about the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be announced in minutes. From what we
can glean from the tweets, there aren't any major surprises about the next-gen
iPhone, save for the matter of Apple accidentally leaking it.

(Source: TECH CRUNCH)

FORMER bald guy reveals #1 trick to regrow hair in 19 days

23 yrs boy started importation with N10,450. Read his story here!

How to get flat belly in just 9 days. Click Here

Grow your money by 30% monthly. It's guaranteed. Click here

7 simple steps to earn N300,000 monthly online working 2hrs daily

Stretch marks solutions clears stretch marks in 2 weeks. Guaranteed!

Housewife reveals how to turn N9,500 into N100,000 monthly. Click Here

Loose 10kg in 2weeks with this NAFDAC approved supplement. Get free waisttrimer

Stretch & spot marks removed in 9 days. Click to see how

Get paid at least N8,500 daily working online. Register here!

Discover how to make money daily when people buy airtime worldwide

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1228


                   Copyright 2016 The Sun Publishing Limited
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             742 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Some iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are hissing when stressed

BYLINE: dna Web Team

LENGTH: 246  words


Users have reported that their new iPhones emit a white noise-like sound when
the processor is working hard.

Aside from a launch day stock sellout and a few issues with iOS 10, the iPhone 7
has been a pretty well received device so far. However, there might be a new
annoyance in store for some surprised fans.

A few iPhone 7 users have reported that the new smartphone from Apple makes an
odd hissing sound when processing heavy loads. First pointed out by Stephen
Hackett of 512 Pixels, other users have also complained on Twitter that they're
experiencing the same problem, with both the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus.

By Hackett's account, his iPhone 7 began hissing when restoring it from iCloud.
The sound seemed to be emanating from the phone's rear, possibly due to the A10
processor facing near overload. Here's the video Hackett posted, so you can
listen to the white noise for yourself.

Users have compared the sound to that of a CPU's fans whirring loudly when the
processor is at work, except, obviously, the new iPhone has no such fans. The
fact that the iPhone 7 is supposed to be a more power efficient device than its
predecessors makes the phenomenon even more perplexing.

Apple has made no official comment on the hissing so far, However, it might
point to a defect in the manufacturing process and not something affecting all
iPhone 7s, considering the company's customer care support responded to
Hackett's complaint by asking him to have his iPhone replaced.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             743 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                           October 12, 2016 Wednesday

Rivals eye market left by outgoing Samsung Galaxy Note 7

LENGTH: 505 words


[THE INVESTOR] In the aftermath of Samsung Electronics' decision to discontinue
sales and production of the problem-ridden Galaxy Note 7 globally, attention is
now shifting to which alternative smartphones consumers around the world will be
turning to instead.

Samsung on Tuesday announced that it is "officially ending the sales as well as
production of the smartphone to ensure consumer safety," following multiple
incidents in which the exchanged Note 7 devices fitted with new batteries caught
fire due to overheating.

The South Korean electronics giant also initiated a global refund and exchange
program, including in the US and Korea, in partnership with local carriers and
retail partners. Customers can receive a full refund or exchange their Note 7
devices with any other smartphone.

Models promote LG Electronics` V20 smartphone. LG

As Samsung pulls the Note 7 from the world's biggest markets for premium
smartphones, rival electronics giants Apple, LG Electronics and Google are
expected to score new purchases from some 2.6 million Galaxy Note 7 owners
looking for alternative high-end smartphones.

Apple's newly released iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, LG Electronics' V20 and
Google's new premium Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones are slated to compete for
market share in the absence of Samsung's Galaxy Note 7.

Customers who are familiar with Android-based smartphones are likely to prefer
smartphones from Google and LG, while others who have lost trust in the Samsung
brand are expected to take this opportunity to switch to Apple's iOS-based
iPhone models.

At the same time, some users who remain loyal to Samsung may turn to former
Samsung smartphones -- including the Galaxy Note 5 launched last year or the
smaller-sized Galaxy S7 released earlier this year -- or simply wait for the
release of the Galaxy S8 next year.

Last month, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7s Plus began sales in more than 30
countries around the world including the US and China. The two new iPhone models
are slated for release on Oct. 21 in Korea.

The iPhone 7 features a 4.7-inch display while its larger-sized sibling iPhone 7
Plus comes with a larger 5.5-inch full HD display. Both devices run on the iOS
10 operating system.

Setting itself apart from previous models, the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
have removed the earphone sockets, and are instead accompanied by wireless
earphones -- which has driven some customers away from the new iPhones.

Meanwhile, LG Electronics has the 5.7-inch LG V20, co-designed by LG and
Denmark-based luxury stereo brand Bang & Olufsen, boasting high-end audio and
camera features. It runs on the Google Android 7.0 Nougat operating system and
comes with a removable battery. The LG V20 is slated to launch in the US by Oct.
28. The device is already available in Korea.

Google's 5-inch Pixel and 5.5-inch Pixel XL are also strong options favored by
Android enthusiasts. The device is slated for release in the US later this
month. Google has yet to announce a launch date for Korea.

By Sohn Ji-young/The Korea Herald (

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             744 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 6:25 PM GMT

Apple iPhone 7 unveiled early in Twitter blunder - with waterproof design;
Details on the brand new handset came before Tim Cook's presentation

BYLINE: Ben Travis

SECTION: TECH AND GAMING

LENGTH: 218 words


Apple fans hoping for the first glimpse of the iPhone 7 were asked to tune in to
the tech giant's live stream for official information.

But their Twitter account was ahead of the game - and unveiled the handset
before Apple head honcho Tim Cook was able to.

A now-deleted video on the official Apple Twitter account introduced the 'new
water-resistant iPhone 7'.

The clip included a shot of the handset being splashed by water.

Read more

iPhone 7: launch date, rumours, and what you need to know

The phone in the video seems to indicate the larger camera lens that appeared to
leak in recent images.

Water-resistance was a rumoured new feature of the iPhone 7, catching up with
recent Sony and Samsung models with a similar function.

As of writing, Tim Cook has not unveiled the new handset - but more details will
be forthcoming as the Apple presentation continues.

Watch the evolution of the iPhone

Read more

iPhone 7: Apple set to unveil latest smartphone as host of new features expected

How to free up space on your iPhone without deleting your apps

iPhone bug allows hackers to steal passwords unless users update devices

Cook's update on the App Store revealed that a brand new Super Mario game from
Nintendo will be launching along with iOS 10, with Mario creator Shigeru
Miyamoto presenting footage of the new title.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2016 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             745 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 11, 2016 Sunday

Dual cameras to stick with 'high-end iPhone models' next year, says analyst

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 276 words


NEW DELHI: Noted Apple tipster and KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo has
spilled some details on next year's iPhone models. On the day when pre-orders
for Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus went live, Kuo released his notes
explaining that the dual rear camera setup is likely to remain with "high-end
new iPhone models" next year. This indirectly indicates that there might be a
'Plus' variant for next year's iPhone launch as well."While an attractive
addition for avid picture takers and professional photographers, the iPhone 7
Plus dual-camera is not a mass-market killer application yet.

Along with its high cost (estimated at over US$30-40) and the necessity for
Apple to enhance the added value of high-end iPhone models, we expect only
high-end new iPhone models (30-40% of them) to have a dual-camera next year," he
said, as reported by Mac Rumours website.In addition, it is speculated that next
year's iPhone models' telephoto zoom lens could also get Optical Image
Stabilization. Currently, only one of the iPhone 7 Plus' lenses comes with OIS.
Nothing else is known yet.According to the Wall Street Journal, the iPhone 8
might feature an OLED (organic light-emitting diode) edgeless display. Multiple
reports also state that the Home button/ fingerprint sensor will not be a
physical portion in the new iPhone, but will be integrated within the display
itself.During a meeting with Apple in China, it was explained that the only
reason edgeless screens probably didn't make it to the iPhone 7 is because the
parts were not ready on time. So one year from, Apple will have enough time for
OLED edgeless displays.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             746 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Siasat Daily (India)

                          September 17, 2016 Saturday

iPhone launch generates crowds, queues worldwide

LENGTH: 821 words

DATELINE: San Francisco


San Francisco, Sept. 17 -- Apple's global iPhone launch Friday was marked by
excitement and frustration as fans queued to find scarce models of the coveted
smartphone.

Scenes in Apple stores around the world on Friday were reminiscent of days
before online ordering became a norm and people camped out for days to be first
to get hands on the California company's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Enthusiasm was peppered with disappointment due to shortages of the large-screen
iPhone 7 Plus and a jet-black iPhone 7, but it was unclear if the shortages were
the result of strong demand or limited supply.

"These initial sales will be governed by supply, not demand," Apple said in a
released statement which noted that the company would not provide launch weekend
sales figures.

Investors evidently weren't certain of what to make of the launch as well, with
Apple shares down about a half-percent to $114.92 at the close of trading on the
Nasdaq exchange.

BTIG research said in a note to investors that, despite a lack of lines,
analysts there expected iPhone sales in the final quarter of this year to grow
3.6 percent to 77.5 million.

At the Apple Store in the Georgetown district of the US capital Washington,
dozens of consumers were still waiting in line hours after the store opening to
get the new handsets.

"I tried to order it online, but I would have had to wait five to six weeks, so
standing in queue was the only option," said Naval Chopra, who was visiting from
India at the time of the launch and joined the waiting group at 5:30 am for an
iPhone 7.

"If you're an Apple fan, there is something special about getting the new phone
on the launch day."

- 'Essential part of life' -Washington resident Isaac Combs said he had being
hoping to get the large-screen iPhone 7 Plus but learned on arrival they were
sold out. Still, he opted for the iPhone 7, despite the smaller display.

The iPhone, Combs said, "is an essential part of life, it's something I use
every day."

Apple sold of out the larger models quickly and had limited availability of the
iPhone 7, with the new jet-black color especially scarce.

The devices chart a new path for the tech giant by eliminating headphone jacks,
a move seen as setting a trend for a wireless future.

Apple is seeking to regain momentum and set new trends for the industry, but it
remains to be seen if it can generate the same enthusiasm that surrounded
previous versions of the iPhone.

While the company has touted total iPhone sales of one billion, the number sold
in the quarter ending June 25 fell 15 percent from a year earlier, highlighting
concerns over growth for the key profit driver.

Growth has become challenging with many mobile phone markets saturated and
Chinese firms including Huawei increasingly popular.

Apple also faces stiff competition from traditional rival Samsung, although the
South Korean giant is currently on the back foot after being forced into a
massive recall because of exploding batteries of its flagship Galaxy Note 7.

Analyst Michael Walkley at Canaccord Genuity said his brokerage group's surveys
suggest the new handsets will boost Apple's fortunes.

"With the iPhone 7 off to a strong start, we anticipate improving replacement
sales versus the 6S and a return to iPhone unit growth," he said in a research
note.

- Tight control on supply -Analysts were divided over the cause of the
shortages, with some saying the handset was more popular than expected, while
others suggested the tech titan may be deliberately limiting supply or could be
experiencing supply problems.

"Apple clearly controls supply tightly," said Matthew Kanterman, an analyst at
Bloomberg Intelligence.

"They're possibly keeping supply artificially low, or at least lower than
demand, so as to avoid having the oversupply of previous years."

As Asia woke up, consumers in Sydney who had camped out in the rain were among
the first in the world to get their hands on the new phones - though others were
left bitterly disappointed.

Bishoy Behman, 17, had been sitting outside the Apple store since Wednesday
morning but said he and others in the queue found out on Thursday that some
models were already sold out.

"I really wouldn't have lined up if I had known that," he told AFP. "For them to
have not allocated some stock is ridiculous."

In Hong Kong, some customers were seen near the Apple store in the Causeway Bay
shopping district, reselling new phones at a profit.

In mainland China, a key market for Apple, scenes were energetic as crowds of
customers tested out the new handsets.

Apple faces a complicated picture in China, where it ranked only fourth in the
Asian giant's smartphone market in the first half of this year, facing strong
competition from low-cost manufacturers.

Agence France-Presse

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Siasat Daily. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Siasat.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             747 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 5:35 PM GMT

From the new iPhone to Mario on mobile: the key points from Apple's conference;

Apple launched a new iPhone that comes with improved processor, cameras and no
headphone jack, along with a new Apple Watch Super Mario Run to launch with new
iPhoneApple Watch series 2: GPS and waterproofingApple unveils new iPhone
without headphone jack

BYLINE: Jemima Kiss and Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 522 words


Apple is holding a launch event in the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San
Francisco, where it will unveil a new iPhone 7 for 2016, which is expected to
have a faster processor, better cameras and - controversially - remove the
headphone port.

The company is also expected to announce its second generation Apple Watch with
new GPS capabilities to improve its health tracking features and remove the need
to tether it to an iPhone during runs.

iPhone

     ·    Apple has sold more than one billion iPhones since the first version
          launched in 2007. New latest - the iPhone 7 - will wake when lifted
          up, use Siri to voice activate apps, add contextual predictive typing
          and include a new version of Maps that allows taxi or hotel bookings
          from inside the app.
     ·    There are two new black options, one gloss and one matt, and the new
          iPhone is water and dust resistant. The display is 25% brighter.
          iPhone 7 has a 4.7" retina screen and the iPhone 7 Plus a 5.5" retina
          HD screen.
     ·    The camera on the iPhone 7 has a better flash, improved lens, image
          stabilisation, high speed 12MP camera and can capture raw image files.
          The iPhone 7 Plus has the same wide angle camera but also has a second
          telephoto camera on the back. A new feature uses machine learning to
          identify people, and then apply depth of field to the background.
     ·    iPhone 7 will come in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB starting at $640, and
          iPhone 7 Plus in 32GB, 128GB 256GB from $769. Pre-orders open 9
          September and they ship on 16 September.


                   AirPods

     ·    The daily challenge of untangling Apple's white earphones will become
          a thing of the past ; Apple announced AirPods, wireless white
          earphones that can also still be used to take phone calls. Beats also
          launched the Solo 3 Wireless headphones and two further models.
          AirPods will ship in late October for $159.


                   Apple Watch

     ·    The new version of Apple Watch will be waterproof to 5om depth,
          allowing a new range of apps that track swim performance including lap
          time. It has a new, two-times brighter screen, a faster dual-core
          processor, a white ceramic case option and built-in GPS, which allows
          better tracking for running and sports apps, including a new Nike+
          version of the AppleWatch available in late October. The new 'series
          2' Apple Watch will be priced at $369, while series 1 will be dropped
          to $269 but gain the faster processor of the new watch.


Related:  Apple Watch series 2: GPS, waterproofing and faster processing

Game apps

     ·    Tim Cook introduced Shigeru Miyamoto, now creative fellow at Nintendo
          and one of the world's most respected and best loved video game
          creators, who announced a new Mario game app. Super Mario Run follows
          a familiar running platform game format and includes a new battle mode
          called Toad Relay, in which friends can compete across the internet.


     ·    A version of Pokemon Go is launching for the Apple Watch. Niantic
          founder John Hanke said Pokemon Go players have so far walked 4.6bn
          kilometres.


Related:  Super Mario Run: Nintendo running game to launch with Apple's iPhone 7

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             748 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Sunday Independent (South Africa)

                               September 11, 2016
                                   E1 Edition

iLook, iPhone, iCopy

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 903 words


There was a time not too long ago when Apple routinely accused the makers of
competing smartphones - most notably Samsung - of copying its technology and
designs.

The release this past week of the new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus show how far the
pendulum has swung in the opposite direction. These beautiful, powerful devices
are almost certainly, as Apple boasted at the launch, the best iPhones ever. But
every key feature that makes them so is cribbed from another smartphone.

Water and dust resistance? Sony's offered this for years with it's flagship
Xperia Z line and Samsung, more recently, with its Galaxy S5 and S7 phones.

Dual rear cameras on the 7 Plus? LG's G5 and X Cam as well as Huawei's P9
already have them.

Even the most controversial and widely predicted aspect, the removal of the
venerable 3.5mm headphone jack, doesn't break any new ground. Lenovo's Moto Z
and Moto Z Force and China's LeEco have gone there already.

So you could be forgiven for writing off the new iPhones as cobbled together
copycat devices. But you'd be wrong.

Apple has a long history of borrowing existing technologies and making them its
own. Before the first iPhone arrived there had been other touchscreen
smartphones. They weren't very good, though, and Apple improved on the
technology and packaged it in a device that was so well made and cleverly
marketed that it sparked off the touchscreen revolution.

Things have changed a lot since 2007 and the features Apple's copying today are
not crude and immature like the pre-iPhone touchscreens. But Apple's still a
master of combining a variety of existing technologies into a whole that's
greater than the sum of its parts.

Take the removal of the headphone jack. Cynics will say this paves the way for
Apple to up-sell a $159 (R2â[#x20ac][0/00]200) pair of wireless earbuds to
iPhone 7 owners - although they will supply a free adaptor that will let you
connect old-school wired headphones to the phones.

But dispensing with that port also allowed them to make the new iPhones
appreciably slimmer than their predecessors as well as simplifying the process
of waterproofing them.

Speaking of those pricey earbuds, they provide another example of Apple's
improving on pre-existing technology. Current versions of wireless earbuds have
two big disadvantages: Short battery life and patchy sound quality due to
connectivity issues.

Apple says it's solved both problems with its AirPods. Their claimed battery
life of five hours is impressive if it lives up to that, and can be boosted by
as much as 24 hours more by their charger-cum-carry case.

They also incorporate a new W1 chip that Apple says will deliver a "magical
experience" without the usual schlep that accompanies BlueTooth pairing and
unpairing.

Ditching the headphone jack also frees up more space for a bigger battery and
more data storage. Apple says the the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have "the
longest battery life ever" in an iPhone, with the iPhone 7 lasting two hours
more than the 6S.

Both new iPhones will be available in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB models, marking a
welcome, if belated, realisation from Apple that 16GB is laughably inadequate
for any high-end smartphone.

The "new" feature I'm most interested in trying out is the dual lens camera.
It's only available on the bigger 7 Plus model, which packs both a telephoto and
a wide-angle lens. This, says Apple, will allow for 2x optical zoom as well as
up to 10x software zoom.

"This is the best camera ever made in any smartphone," said Apple's global
marketing honcho Phil Schiller at the launch, a boast I look forward to putting
to the test.

Apple also unveiled the next generation of its smartwatch. The Series 2 Apple
Watch has a significantly beefed-up processor and a brighter display. They're
waterproof down to 50m and have a built-in GPS so you don't need to have your
iPhone on you to track your workout.

As with the original Apple watch, the Series 2 will come in swanky Hermes
models. Another model, the Apple Watch Nike+ is aimed at runners and was
developed in partnership with Nike.

Apple watch owners will now also be able to use their devices to play PokÃ©mon
GO, including spinning PokÃ©Stops and tracking nearby PokÃ©mon, although they'll
still have to haul out their iPhones to catch them when they do appear.

Prices for the iPhone 7 start at $649 and the iPhone 7 Plus at $769 for the 32GB
models, climbing to $849 and $969 for the respective 256GB models.

The new Apple Watch, as with the previous version, is available in two case
sizes, 38mm and 42mm. Prices will start at $369, soaring to $1â[#x20ac][0/00]149
for the Hermes-branded model. The original Apple watch with an improved
dual-core chip will remain on sale from $269.

US pre-orders for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus opened on Friday, and they start
shipping there on September 16. Local iPhone fans will have to wait quite a bit
longer for it as South Africa is not on the list of countries due to receive it
within the next two months.

Still, going on previous launches, I predict it'll probably be here by
mid-October and almost certainly before year's end.

As for the price, that depends on just how battered the rand will be when the
new iPhone does land, but don't expect to pick one up for under R15 000, with
the high-end versions almost certainly setting you back well over R20 000.

Now, cheaper is a feature I wouldn't mind Apple copying. I'm not holding my
breath.

l Follow Alan Cooper on Twitter â[#x20ac]¨@alanqcooper.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SI


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             749 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Sunday Tribune (South Africa)

                               September 11, 2016
                                   E1 Edition

iLook, iPhone, iCopy

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 902 words


There was a time not too long ago when Apple routinely accused the makers of
competing smartphones - most notably Samsung - of copying its technology and
designs.

The release this past week of the new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus show how far the
pendulum has swung in the opposite direction. These beautiful, powerful devices
are almost certainly, as Apple boasted at the launch, the best iPhones ever. But
every key feature that makes them so is cribbed from another smartphone.

Water and dust resistance? Sony's offered this for years with its flagship
Xperia Z line and Samsung, more recently, with its Galaxy S5 and S7 phones.

Dual rear cameras on the 7 Plus? LG's G5 and X Cam as well as Huawei's P9
already have them.

Even the most controversial and widely predicted aspect, the removal of the
venerable 3.5mm headphone jack, doesn't break any new ground. Lenovo's Moto Z
and Moto Z Force and China's LeEco have gone there already.

So you could be forgiven for writing off the new iPhones as cobbled together
copycat devices. But you'd be wrong.

Apple has a long history of borrowing existing technologies and making them its
own. Before the first iPhone arrived there had been other touchscreen
smartphones. They weren't very good, though, and Apple improved on the
technology and packaged it in a device that was so well made and cleverly
marketed that it sparked off the touchscreen revolution.

Things have changed a lot since 2007 and the features Apple's copying today are
not crude and immature like the pre-iPhone touchscreens. But Apple's still a
master of combining a variety of existing technologies into a whole that's
greater than the sum of its parts.

Take the removal of the headphone jack. Cynics will say this paves the way for
Apple to up-sell a $159 (R2â[#x20ac][0/00]200) pair of wireless earbuds to
iPhone 7 owners - although they will supply a free adaptor that will let you
connect old-school wired headphones to the phones.

But dispensing with that port also allowed them to make the new iPhones
appreciably slimmer than their predecessors as well as simplifying the process
of waterproofing them.

Speaking of those pricey earbuds, they provide another example of Apple's
improving on pre-existing technology. Current versions of wireless earbuds have
two big disadvantages: Short battery life and patchy sound quality due to
connectivity issues.

Apple says it has solved both problems with its AirPods. Their claimed battery
life of five hours is impressive if it lives up to that, and can be boosted by
as much as 24 hours more by their charger-cum-carry case.

They also incorporate a new W1 chip that Apple says will deliver a "magical
experience" without the usual schlep that accompanies BlueTooth pairing and
unpairing.

Ditching the headphone jack also frees up more space for a bigger battery and
more data storage. Apple says the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have "the longest
battery life ever" in an iPhone, with the iPhone 7 lasting two hours more than
the 6S.

Both new iPhones will be available in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB models, marking a
welcome, if belated, realisation from Apple that 16GB is laughably inadequate
for any high-end smartphone.

The "new" feature I'm most interested in trying out is the dual lens camera.
It's only available on the bigger 7 Plus model, which packs both a telephoto and
a wide-angle lens. This, says Apple, will allow for 2x optical zoom as well as
up to 10x software zoom.

"This is the best camera ever made in any smartphone," said Apple's global
marketing honcho Phil Schiller at the launch, a boast I look forward to putting
to the test.

Apple also unveiled the next generation of its smartwatch. The Series 2 Apple
Watch has a significantly beefed-up processor and a brighter display. They're
waterproof down to 50m and have a built-in GPS so you don't need to have your
iPhone on you to track your workout.

As with the original Apple watch, the Series 2 will come in swanky Hermes
models. Another model, the Apple Watch Nike+ is aimed at runners and was
developed in partnership with Nike.

Apple watch owners will now also be able to use their devices to play PokÃ©mon
GO, including spinning PokÃ©Stops and tracking nearby PokÃ©mon, although they'll
still have to haul out their iPhones to catch them when they do appear.

Prices for the iPhone 7 start at $649 and the iPhone 7 Plus at $769 for the 32GB
models, climbing to $849 and $969 for the respective 256GB models.

The new Apple Watch, as with the previous version, is available in two case
sizes, 38mm and 42mm. Prices will start at $369, soaring to $1â[#x20ac][0/00]149
for the Hermes-branded model. The original Apple watch with an improved
dual-core chip will remain on sale from $269.

US pre-orders for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus opened on Friday, and they start
shipping there on September 16. Local iPhone fans will have to wait quite a bit
longer for it as South Africa is not on the list of countries due to receive it
within the next two months.

Still, going on previous launches, I predict it'll probably be here by
mid-October and almost certainly before year's end.

As for the price, that depends on just how battered the rand will be when the
new iPhone does land, but don't expect to pick one up for under R15 000, with
the high-end versions almost certainly setting you back well over R20 000.

Now, cheaper is a feature I wouldn't mind Apple copying. I'm not holding my
breath.

â-- Follow Alan Cooper on Twitter @alanqcooper.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NT


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             750 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

With iPhone 7, Apple eyes long festival season in India

LENGTH: 553  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 9 -- With the announcement of October 7 as the date for the
Indian Apple lovers to grab a new iPhone 7 or 7 Plus, the Cupertino-based tech
giant has not only improved upon the product availability date for the country
but is also firmly eyeing the long festive season ahead.


 Last year when Apple launched iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus in India on October
16, it was touted as the fastest iPhone rollout with the devices being made
available in less than a month after going on sale in the US.
 This year, Apple has further shortened the gap.
 According to industry analysts, Since Navratri - an auspicious time for
shopping - begins on October 1 and with Diwali falling on October 30, this is a
strategic time for Apple to register super iPhone 7 sales.
 "Apple will have three-four weeks of solid festive momentum. Last year, Apple
launched iPhone models on October 16. This year, the company will have more
time-frame to register better sales figures," Tarun Pathak, Senior Analyst,
Mobile Devices and Ecosystems at New Delhi-based Counterpoint Research, told
IANS.
 According to Pathak, like other countries where Apple has gone into strategic
partnerships (recent ones being SAP and Cisco), it should look for similar
partnerships in India too.
 "I feel Apple must consider Reliance Jio - currently the game changer in the
Indian telecom space with its disrupting pricing and data plans - for a long,
beneficial partnership in a country where the number of smartphones users are
set for an exponential growth in years to come," Pathak told IANS.
 Available in silver, gold, rose gold and the new black finish (jet black),
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB models,
starting at Rs 60,000.
 The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models from Apple authorised resellers and select carriers, the Cupertino-based
tech giant announced.
 Pre-orders for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus begins from September 9 and the shipping
will start from September 16 first in 25 countries and other countries a week
later.
 "Since iPhone sales are on the rise in India, Apple must plan for a
simultaneous global launch for the country too," Pathak added.
 Apple CEO Tim Cook recently announced to soon open retail stores in the country
- a move that brings to the fore the global importance of the burgeoning Indian
smartphone market.
 The sales of the Apple devices in India rose 51 per cent in the last three
quarters compared with a year earlier, Cook said on Tuesday.
 "India is now one of our fastest growing markets. In the first three quarters
of this fiscal year, our iPhone sales in India were up 51 percent year on year.
We're looking forward to opening retail stores in India down the road and we see
huge potential for that vibrant country," Cook added.
 "The way things are going for Apple in India, they will have to consider India
for a simultaneous global launch. At the moment, the Indian festival season is
on Apple's mind, hence the decision to make iPhone 7 and 7 Plus available for
the consumers a bit early," noted Vishal Tripathi, research director at global
market consultancy firm Gartner.
 According to Tripathi, the cost of iPhone 7 and other variants may also come
down in India with attractive festival offers like discounts and EMI options.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             751 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           January 27, 2016 Wednesday

iPhone 7 Plus might come with dual camera option

LENGTH: 249  words


By tbreak Staff -

Recent reports suggest that the Apple iPhone 7 Plus might be coming with a dual
camera system option.

According to Ming Chi Kuo, a reliable Apple analyst from KGI securities, the
iPhone 7 Plus will have a dual camera system option with Link camera technology,
which Apple acquired last year. Apple will use two distinct lenses, which will
in turn use additional image data to create substantially better photos. It is
also a possibility that the Plus will feature an optical zoom with 2-3x
magnification.

Dual camera iPhones have been rumored for a long time, however the KGI report
makes it quite plain that not all iPhone 7 models will feature it. The 4.7 inch
iPhone 7 will not feature the technology, as it will be reserved specifically
for the 5.5 inch iPhone 7 Plus. According to the report, Apple might make a
distinction at the high end to create a premium SKU that includes the advanced
camera system, complete with optical image stabilization and wide field of view.

Apple may also be considering two separate options for the iPhone 7 Plus, only
one of which will make it to production. If Apple follows tradition, we will
have to wait for a 'S' version to get the camera upgrade. Sony is expected to be
the main supplier of the 12MP camera.

The iPhone 7 and its Plus variant are expected later this year, around fall,
with a smaller iPhone 5se launching this March.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/83/145408168704.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/97/145408168730.png



LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             752 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              birminghammail.co.uk

                     September 16, 2016 Friday 8:15 AM GMT

Queues for iPhone 7 today in Birmingham Bullring but can you still get one?;
Up to 40 people have been queuing outside the Apple shop in Birmingham as iPhone
7 released today

BYLINE: By Graham Young

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 317 words


Dozens of people have been queuing since early this morning to get their hands
on the new iPhone 7 in Birmingham which comes out today.

One man has been outside the Bullring store since midnight and others arrived at
6am to get their hands on the new flagship smartphone.

But the Bullring store had already sold out of the iPhone 7 Plus and the iPhone
7 in black to pre-orders before it opened its doors at 9.30am.

Staff say there will be no Iphone7s available to those who haven't pre ordered
and although the store normally opens at 8am, it was only letting in those who
had pre-ordered before 9.30am.

New Apple store in Birmingham reveals opening date

Radio WM presenter Daz Hale was outside the store to see the queues and broke
the news live on air to the eager customer who had camped outside since 12am
that there would be no IPhone7 Plus available today.

At first the young lad was in disbelief but then despondently said he would head
home back to bed.

There were some IPhone 7 phones available first thing this morning but many had
pre-ordered online to secure the device.

The new device is waterproof and the larger model comes with an dual lens camera
capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

The iPhone 7 is available from a starting price of £599 for the cheapest 32GB
option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a
whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus is even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

When does the new Apple store in Birmingham open?

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

If you want to buy the phone outright, the best thing to do is head straight to
Apple's website and pre-order it from there.

Forget your iPhone 7, your old iPod Classic could be worth even more

Here's what happened when iPhone 6 came out in Birmingham...

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             753 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

What You Need to Know About Apple's Latest Devices

BYLINE: By BRIAN X. CHEN

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Personal Tech; TECH FIX; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1121 words


APPLE'S new  iPhones and an upgraded Apple Watch have generated tons of noise
and hype.

For those wondering what to do with the plethora of information, here is what
you really need to know: You need not rush to upgrade your iPhone or Apple Watch
if you recently bought one. The people who may want to jump to buy one of the
new devices are those who have owned their current iPhone for more than two
years.

These conclusions result from a close look at Apple's announcements on
Wednesday, when it unveiled new iPhones, the 7 and 7 Plus, and a new Apple
Watch, the Watch Series 2.

For the most part, the new gadgets looked like their predecessors, though a
closer examination showed some bigger changes to the smaller components of the
devices. For example, the new iPhones, which come in two sizes, are faster and
water-resistant, with improved cameras and revised home buttons with force
sensitivity. The new watch has a GPS sensor to enhance fitness tracking.

Yet for all smartphone owners, the biggest change to the iPhone may be the
omission of the headphone jack, a connector that many have been attached to for
decades. Apple said it left out the headphone jack in favor of other benefits,
like cramming in faster chips and a better battery.

''The reason to move on comes down to one word: courage,'' Philip Schiller,
Apple's senior vice president for marketing, said on Wednesday. ''The courage to
move on, do something new that betters all of us.''

If the headphone jack removal is the biggest change, that underlines how much of
what Apple unveiled on Wednesday was incremental. So there is no need to
stampede to an Apple store to snap up the new products when they become
available this month, unless your gadget is so out-of-date that it is time to
get with 2016.

Here is what you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7 and Apple Watch, with
tips on how to prepare for the death of the headphone jack if you plan to buy a
new Apple phone.

New iPhones

Apple's  iPhone 7 and 7 Plus look roughly the same as their predecessors, the
iPhone 6s and 6s Plus. The new phones have rounded corners, and the smaller
model continues to have a 4.7-inch screen whereas the larger one has a 5.5-inch
screen.

So what is new? The iPhones have a new processor that is about 40 percent faster
than the previous models. They also include a physical home button with force
sensitivity for the first time, a feature that responds with a vibration when
the button is pressed. As a result, the button no longer depresses when it is
pressed, which might make it more durable than previous iterations.

The new iPhones also include improved cameras capable of capturing a wider color
range. The larger model, the 7 Plus, has two cameras on the rear that work
together to improve zooming capability.

Other than that, the iPhones will continue to come in silver, gold and pink,
with two new colors: matte black and shiny black. The antenna bands, which were
thick lines wrapping around the back of the older iPhones, are no longer visible
on the new iPhones, making the devices look cleaner.

The biggest change is the item that is missing: The 3.5-millimeter audio port
for plugging in earphones and speakers. Apple says it sacrificed the port to
make more room for faster processors and better battery life while making the
device water and dust resistant.

''It's all fighting for space within that same enclosure,'' Mr. Schiller said
about the many components in a smartphone, including the headphone jack.

Apple is encouraging users to instead consider wireless accessories or wired
earphones that hook in through the iPhone's Lightning connector, which is also
used for power charging.

The new iPhones will start shipping to customers on Sept. 16 with a starting
price of $649 for the iPhone 7 and $769 for the iPhone 7 Plus. They can be
ordered online beginning on Friday.

Death of the Headphone Jack

What can consumers do about the removal of the audio jack? For many people,
plugging in headphones has become a habit that helped turn their phone into a
moving stereo or video player on their daily commute or at the gym.

Coping with the change depends on the type of audio accessories you use. For
consumers who want to cling to their wired audio gear, Apple is making the
transition less painful by including a converter with the new iPhones.
Basically, that is a dongle with a Lightning connector on one side, for plugging
into the iPhone, and an audio port on the other end, for plugging in the audio
accessory.

So the good news: You won't have to buy new audio gear. But on the downside, you
will have to carry a tiny, easy-to-lose dongle; replacements cost $9.

That may make it a good time to consider embracing wireless audio, which has
improved significantly over the last few years. Many wireless accessories
connect with the Bluetooth standard, which is supported by the new iPhones.
Among many that I have tried over the last year, Bose's QuietComfort 35 are
excellent noise-canceling headphones, and Logitech's UE Roll is a versatile,
waterproof wireless speaker.

The car is another matter. If you are accustomed to connecting your smartphone
to your car stereo using the headphone jack, you could use the
Lightning-to-audio-jack converter. Or you could buy a Bluetooth kit, like
Anker's SoundSync Drive, which was picked by The Wirecutter, the product
recommendations website. It plugs into a car stereo's audio jack and creates a
Bluetooth connection to wirelessly connect to the iPhone 7 for music and phone
calls.

Apple Watch Series 2

Apple also upgraded the Apple Watch, its smartwatch that acts as a companion for
the iPhone. The new version includes GPS for tracking your runs. The device is
water-resistant for swimmers.

The new watch, Series 2, is also faster than the previous one. It will start
shipping on Sept. 16 with a starting price of $370.

These are still incremental upgrades from the first version of the Watch. The
biggest change is a new ceramic finish for the high-end version of Apple Watch,
called Edition, which has a starting price of $1,250.

Apple also revised the operating system powering the Apple Watch, called
WatchOS. The new version, WatchOS 3, will introduce a more intuitive interface
and be included with the new Apple Watch. WatchOS 3 will also be available as a
free software update for the last Apple Watch.

In the end, Apple's product event on Wednesday may have been more about theater
than substantive changes to its devices.

''The iPhone 7 packed few surprises,'' said Jan Dawson, an independent analyst
for Jackdaw Research. ''This event was a big test of Apple's ability to continue
to tell a compelling story around its annual product upgrades.''




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/08/technology/personaltech/apples-latest-what-you
-really-need-to-know.html

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president, introduced two
iPhones and an upgraded watch in San Francisco. (PHOTOGRAPH BY MONICA
DAVEY/EUROPEAN PRESSPHOTO AGENCY)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                             754 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Chennai Online

                         September 8, 2016 6:30 AM EST

With iPhone 7, Apple eyes Navratri and Diwali season in India

LENGTH: 548  words


Chennai: With the announcement of October 7 as the date for the Indian Apple
lovers to grab a new iPhone 7 or 7 Plus, the Cupertino-based tech giant has not
only improved upon the product availability date for the country but is also
firmly eyeing the long festive season ahead.

Last year when Apple launched iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus in India on October
16, it was touted as the fastest iPhone rollout with the devices being made
available in less than a month after going on sale in the US.

This year, Apple has further shortened the gap.

According to industry analysts, Since Navratri -- an auspicious time for
shopping -- begins on October 1 and with Diwali falling on October 30, this is a
strategic time for Apple to register super iPhone 7 sales.

"Apple will have three-four weeks of solid festive momentum. Last year, Apple
launched iPhone models on October 16. This year, the company will have more
time-frame to register better sales figures," Tarun Pathak, Senior Analyst,
Mobile Devices and Ecosystems at New Delhi-based Counterpoint Research, told.

According to Pathak, like other countries where Apple has gone into strategic
partnerships (recent ones being SAP and Cisco), it should look for similar
partnerships in India too.

"I feel Apple must consider Reliance Jio -- currently the game changer in the
Indian telecom space with its disrupting pricing and data plans -- for a long,
beneficial partnership in a country where the number of smartphones users are
set for an exponential growth in years to come," Pathak told.

Available in silver, gold, rose gold and the new black finish (jet black),
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB models,
starting at Rs 60,000.

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models from Apple authorised resellers and select carriers, the Cupertino-based
tech giant announced.

Pre-orders for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus begins from September 9 and the shipping
will start from September 16 first in 25 countries and other countries a week
later.

"Since iPhone sales are on the rise in India, Apple must plan for a simultaneous
global launch for the country too," Pathak added.

Apple CEO Tim Cook recently announced to soon open retail stores in the country
-- a move that brings to the fore the global importance of the burgeoning Indian
smartphone market.

The sales of the Apple devices in India rose 51 per cent in the last three
quarters compared with a year earlier, Cook said on Tuesday.

"India is now one of our fastest growing markets. In the first three quarters of
this fiscal year, our iPhone sales in India were up 51 percent year on year.
We're looking forward to opening retail stores in India down the road and we see
huge potential for that vibrant country," Cook added.

"The way things are going for Apple in India, they will have to consider India
for a simultaneous global launch. At the moment, the Indian festival season is
on Apple's mind, hence the decision to make iPhone 7 and 7 Plus available for
the consumers a bit early," noted Vishal Tripathi, research director at global
market consultancy firm Gartner.

According to Tripathi, the cost of iPhone 7 and other variants may also come
down in India with attractive festival offers like discounts and EMI options.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


 Copyright 2016 Chennai Interactive Business Services (P) Ltd., distributed by
                                  Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             755 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Stratford Beacon-Herald

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Apple unveils iPhone 7 with better camera, no headphone jack

BYLINE: Brandon Bailey and Michael Liedtke, The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 722  words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Apple's latest iPhone may be more notable for what's missing from previous
models than what's being added. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus unveiled Wednesday won't
have an analog headphone jack - a longtime staple in just about every consumer
electronics device that can play audio.

In doing so, Apple is betting that its legions of loyal fans will embrace the
shift to wireless headphones - or, if they insist on sticking with their old
ways, that they won't mind using earbuds that plug into the iPhone's power port,
or older headsets in conjunction with a new adapter.

The redesigned earbuds - with cord - will be included with the new iPhones. Also
in the box: An adapter consisting of two plugs connected by a short length of
cable, which will connect older headphones to the charging port. Wireless future
looms But Apple is trying to push consumers to cut the cord with their
headphones and make the leap into what it envisions as a "wireless future."

"The reason to move on is courage ," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior
vice-president of worldwide marketing. "The courage to move on and do something
new that will benefit all of us."

As part of the transition, Apple also is introducing wireless "AirPods " that
will sell for $160.

Getting rid of the3.5 millimeter headphone jack helped Apple make its new iPhone
slimmer, boost its battery lifetime and add other improvements, including stereo
speakers and a sharper camera. The iPhone 7 is also water resistant, a popular
feature that rivals such as Samsung Electronics already have been offering.

Apple is trying to reverse its first decline in iPhone sales since the company's
late founder, Steve Jobs, unveiled the trendsetting device in 2007.

Apple sold nearly 92 million iPhones during the first six months of this year,
or about 15 per cent fewer than the same period last year. Industry analysts
blame the downturn on last fall's uninspiring rollout of the iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus, neither of which included enough compelling feature to persuade consumers
to replace the phones that they already owned. Been there , done that Now the
iPhone 7 and 7 Plus may be plagued by the same syndrome.

Phone advances from Apple, Samsung and other smartphone makers in recent years
are becoming so run-of-the-mill that BGC analyst Colin Gillis says the industry
is gradually losing its ability to dazzle consumers. That's something Jobs was
famous for whenever he showed off new products.

In a Wednesday research note, Gillis predicted that shopping for a new
smartphones is becoming "like buying a microwave - something people do, but not
a major event." He believes Apple's iPhone sales could decline by 5 per cent
during the next year.

If that happens, it will be bad news for Apple, the world's most valuable
company. It relies on the iPhone for two-thirds of its revenue, partly because
the company hasn't been able to come up with another breakthrough innovation
under the leadership of CEO Tim Cook, Jobs'hand-picked successor.

Investors weren't very enthused about what they saw Wednesday. Apple's stock
shed 29 cents to $107.41 in late afternoon trading. The shares are stuck
slightly below their value a year ago when the last iPhone came out. Better
camera , processor Piper Jaffray's Gene Munster is among the industry analysts
predicting more dramatic changes to the iPhone next fall to herald the 10-year
anniversary of the first model.

The most significant upgrades to this year's models include a faster processor
and a better camera, upgrades that Apple typically makes every year. The more
expensive and larger iPhone 7 Plus boasts the biggest change, with two digital
camera lenses. One will be for wideangle views and the other will have telephoto
capabilities, which Apple says will zoom in by up to 10 times while still
providing the same clarity as a shot on the standard distance setting.

The new iPhones will debut Sept. 16 in the U. S., China and more than two dozen
other countries. Orders will start this Friday.

The phones will offer more storage than earlier models. As people store more
photos and video on their phones, Apple is taking a cue from rival phone makers
and offering its starter model with 32 gigabytes of storage. It's still priced
at $650 for the iPhone 7 and $770 for the larger Plus model. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016
Sun Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press; The lightning port of an iPhone
7 is shown during an event to announce new Apple products Wednesday in San
Francisco.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Stratford Beacon-Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             756 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                     September 26, 2016 Monday 3:32 PM GMT

iPhone 7 owners 'drill holes for headphone socket' after prank video tip-off

BYLINE: Francesca Gillett

SECTION: WORLD

LENGTH: 414 words


A prank video showing how to drill a hole in the new iPhone to create a DIY
headphone socket has been viewed millions of times- leading some owners to
destroy their £600 phones.

The video jokingly claims it has a "secret hack" to make a headphone jack on the
new iPhone 7 model which was released earlier this month without the socket.

Ukranian prankster Taras Maksimuk, who goes by the name of TechRax, posted the
video on YouTube and it has since been watched by nearly 10 million people.

It shows a man clamping the phone into a vice before drilling a 3.5 mm hole into
the bottom left edge of the device.

The video suggests drilling into the second hole on the left reveals a hidden
socket.

It then shows music playing from the iPhone model - although the sound is
actually coming out of the speakers.

Read more

iPhone 7 has ditched the headphone jack - and Twitter isn't happy

But some ill-informed iPhone users have complained at Californian-based Ukranian
YouTuber Mr Maksimuk after following the video's advice.

One angry person messaged him to say: "AppleCare doesn't even cover that, thanks
a lot."

Apple's latest iPhone was the first model not to have a headphone socket and
instead only has the usual lightning port, used to connect the device to
computers.

Mr Maksimuk self-styles himself as specialising in "smashing technology for your
pleasure".

He has so far posted seven separate videos showing him destroying iPhone 7s -
including microwaving the device and immersing it in liquid nitrogen.

But some hapless iPhone owners - who were likely to have paid £600 and upwards
for their new models - angrily commented on the YouTube video and have
complained to the YouTube star.

Read more

Apple iPhone 7 causes wireless headphones sales to soar

iPhone 7 launch date, UK release date and price revealed at Apple conference

Apple iOS 10 update causes problems for iPhone and iPad users

Someone called Sinus Plexus posted: "Help! Now my old headphones fit in but the
phone doesn't work anymore!"

Another angry owner commented: "My screen turned black the moment I started
drilling and now I can't even open it."

Adambsk8 said: "I followed all the steps you said and it won't even turn back
on. Do I gotta update it or download the headphone jack app?"

Legit people complaining to me about them drilling the iPhone 7 for a headphone
jack.

- Taras Maksimuk (@TechRax) September 24, 2016

Mr Maksimuk said on Twitter: "Legit people complaining to me about them drilling
the iPhone 7 for a headphone jack."

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2016 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             757 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

Apple is ditching the traditional headphone jack in iPhone 7

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 319 words


NEW DELHI: There have been rumours since past several months that Apple may drop
3.5mm headphone jack in its next iPhones, likely to be called iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus. The company is instead likely to launch both Bluetooth headphones
and headphones with lightning connectors as a part of the major change in terms
of design in the new iPhones. As the countdown to iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
starts, headphone maker JayBird spoke to Forbes about its take on Apple's
speculated move. For those unaware, JayBird was recently acquired by Logitech
for $50million.

In an interview, JayBird chief marketing officer Rene Oehlerking told Brooke
Crothers, a contributor for Forbes, "My personal opinion is that it's absolutely
going to happen. It's going to happen next week when they announce it. And I
believe this will be seen as very similar to when Apple decided to get rid of
the floppy disk or decided to get rid of the CD-ROM or DVD drives in all of
their MacBooks. It's going to be that kind of a leap."

Oehlerking further added that 3.5mm headphone jack came with Walkman and the CD
players and while all of them have been replaced by more advanced tech, 3.5mm
headphone jack stayed unchanged and is now outdated.

JayBird CMO said that shifting from 3.5mm headphone jack to lightning
connector-based headphones will still compress and decompress audio "but the
music quality can be drastically enhanced."

According to him, "there will be some kind of adapter in the iPhone 7 box" that
will enable using of wired headphones via the Lightning port.

The rumours suggesting Apple to bring Lightning EarPods with the launch of the
iPhone 7 got more credibility recently, courtesy a leaked image of iPhone 7
Plus' alleged packaging . As per the image, Apple will be bundling a Lightning
to 3.5mm headphone jack adaptor and a Lightning to USB cable adaptor inside the
box of the new iPhone.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             758 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

Apple is ditching the traditional headphone jack in iPhone 7

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 319 words


NEW DELHI: There have been rumours since past several months that Apple may drop
3.5mm headphone jack in its next iPhones, likely to be called iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus. The company is instead likely to launch both Bluetooth headphones
and headphones with lightning connectors as a part of the major change in terms
of design in the new iPhones. As the countdown to iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
starts, headphone maker JayBird spoke to Forbes about its take on Apple's
speculated move. For those unaware, JayBird was recently acquired by Logitech
for $50million.

In an interview, JayBird chief marketing officer Rene Oehlerking told Brooke
Crothers, a contributor for Forbes, "My personal opinion is that it's absolutely
going to happen. It's going to happen next week when they announce it. And I
believe this will be seen as very similar to when Apple decided to get rid of
the floppy disk or decided to get rid of the CD-ROM or DVD drives in all of
their MacBooks. It's going to be that kind of a leap."

Oehlerking further added that 3.5mm headphone jack came with Walkman and the CD
players and while all of them have been replaced by more advanced tech, 3.5mm
headphone jack stayed unchanged and is now outdated.

JayBird CMO said that shifting from 3.5mm headphone jack to lightning
connector-based headphones will still compress and decompress audio "but the
music quality can be drastically enhanced."

According to him, "there will be some kind of adapter in the iPhone 7 box" that
will enable using of wired headphones via the Lightning port.

The rumours suggesting Apple to bring Lightning EarPods with the launch of the
iPhone 7 got more credibility recently, courtesy a leaked image of iPhone 7
Plus' alleged packaging . As per the image, Apple will be bundling a Lightning
to 3.5mm headphone jack adaptor and a Lightning to USB cable adaptor inside the
box of the new iPhone.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             759 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday
                               Ahmedabad Edition

Apple is ditching the traditional headphone jack in iPhone 7

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 319 words


NEW DELHI: There have been rumours since past several months that Apple may drop
3.5mm headphone jack in its next iPhones, likely to be called iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus. The company is instead likely to launch both Bluetooth headphones
and headphones with lightning connectors as a part of the major change in terms
of design in the new iPhones. As the countdown to iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
starts, headphone maker JayBird spoke to Forbes about its take on Apple's
speculated move. For those unaware, JayBird was recently acquired by Logitech
for $50million.

In an interview, JayBird chief marketing officer Rene Oehlerking told Brooke
Crothers, a contributor for Forbes, "My personal opinion is that it's absolutely
going to happen. It's going to happen next week when they announce it. And I
believe this will be seen as very similar to when Apple decided to get rid of
the floppy disk or decided to get rid of the CD-ROM or DVD drives in all of
their MacBooks. It's going to be that kind of a leap."

Oehlerking further added that 3.5mm headphone jack came with Walkman and the CD
players and while all of them have been replaced by more advanced tech, 3.5mm
headphone jack stayed unchanged and is now outdated.

JayBird CMO said that shifting from 3.5mm headphone jack to lightning
connector-based headphones will still compress and decompress audio "but the
music quality can be drastically enhanced."

According to him, "there will be some kind of adapter in the iPhone 7 box" that
will enable using of wired headphones via the Lightning port.

The rumours suggesting Apple to bring Lightning EarPods with the launch of the
iPhone 7 got more credibility recently, courtesy a leaked image of iPhone 7
Plus' alleged packaging . As per the image, Apple will be bundling a Lightning
to 3.5mm headphone jack adaptor and a Lightning to USB cable adaptor inside the
box of the new iPhone.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             760 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             hollywoodreporter.com

                           September 12, 2016 Monday

TIFF Showcases iPhone 7 Camera With Festival Portraits

BYLINE: Natalie Jarvey

SECTION: NEWS; TAG

LENGTH: 231  words


Most of the films shown during the Toronto International Film Festival were shot
on expensive cameras, but event organizers are showing that beautiful images can
come from just about anywhere.


TIFF has debuted its first-ever official photo studio and all of the photos were
shot on Apple's soon-to-be-released iPhone 7.


Announced last weekat Apple's annual fall product event, the iPhone 7 features
the most advanced camera yet available in an iPhone. Its features include
optical image stabilization, which reduces blur from shaking or motion, a larger
aperture to enhance low-light photos, and a flash that is 50 percent brighter
than the iPhone 6s.


Organizers have seen an increasing number of photos and videos being taken on
mobile devices and the iPhone 7-shot photos at this year's festival was a nod to
those efforts. The 2015 film Tangerine, for example, was shot entirely using the
iPhone 5s.


For its official TIFF photo studio, event organizers called on photographer Matt
Barnes to shoot everyone from Oliver Stone to Chris Pratt on the iPhone 7. It
comes on the heels of the festival's first-ever Instagram competition, the
TIFFxInstagram Shorts Festival, winners of which were announced Aug. 18.


The iPhone 7 is not yet available to the general public. It is currently open
for pre-orders and will go on sale Sept. 16.


Here are some of the TIFF photos shot on the iPhone 7:





LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: ONLINE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                    Copyright 2016 VNU Business Media, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             761 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            St. Catherine's Standard

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Apple unveils iPhone 7 with better camera, no headphone jack

BYLINE: Brandon Bailey and Michael Liedtke, The Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C19

LENGTH: 722  words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Apple's latest iPhone may be more notable for what's missing from previous
models than what's being added. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus unveiled Wednesday won't
have an analog headphone jack - a longtime staple in just about every consumer
electronics device that can play audio. In doing so, Apple is betting that its
legions of loyal fans will embrace the shift to wireless headphones - or, if
they insist on sticking with their old ways, that they won't mind using earbuds
that plug into the iPhone's power port, or older headsets in conjunction with a
new adapter. The redesigned earbuds - with cord - will be included with the new
iPhones. Also in the box: An adapter consisting of two plugs connected by a
short length of cable, which will connect older headphones to the charging port.

Wireless future looms But Apple is trying to push consumers to cut the cord with
their headphones and make the leap into what it envisions as a "wireless
future."

"The reason to move on is courage," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior
vice-president of worldwide marketing. "The courage to move on and do something
new that will benefit all of us."

As part of the transition, Apple also is introducing wireless "Air-Pods" that
will sell for $160.

Getting rid of the 3.5 millimeter headphone jack helped Apple make its new
iPhone slimmer, boost its battery lifetime and add other improvements, including
stereo speakers and a sharper camera. The iPhone 7 is also water resistant, a
popular feature that rivals such as Samsung Electronics already have been
offering.

Apple is trying to reverse its first decline in iPhone sales since the company's
late founder, Steve Jobs, unveiled the trendsetting device in 2007.

Apple sold nearly 92 million iPhones during the first six months of this year,
or about 15 per cent fewer than the same period last year. Industry analysts
blame the downturn on last fall's uninspiring rollout of the iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus, neither of which included enough compelling feature to persuade consumers
to replace the phones that they already owned.

Been there, done that Now the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus may be plagued by the same
syndrome.

Phone advances from Apple, Samsung and other smartphone makers in recent years
are becoming so runof-the-mill that BGC analyst Colin Gillis says the industry
is gradually losing its ability to dazzle consumers. That's something Jobs was
famous for whenever he showed off new products.

In a Wednesday research note, Gillis predicted that shopping for a new
smartphones is becoming "like buying a microwave - something people do, but not
a major event." He believes Apple's iPhone sales could decline by 5 per cent
during the next year.

If that happens, it will be bad news for Apple, the world's most valuable
company. It relies on the iPhone for two-thirds of its revenue, partly because
the company hasn't been able to come up with another breakthrough innovation
under the leadership of CEO Tim Cook, Jobs' handpicked successor.

Investors weren't very enthused about what they saw Wednesday. Apple's stock
shed 29 cents to $107.41 in late afternoon trading. The shares are stuck
slightly below their value a year ago when the last iPhone came out.

Better camera, processor Piper Jaffray's Gene Munster is among the industry
analysts predicting more dramatic changes to the iPhone next fall to herald the
10-year anniversary of the first model.

The most significant upgrades to this year's models include a faster processor
and a better camera, upgrades that Apple typically makes every year. The more
expensive and larger iPhone 7 Plus boasts the biggest change, with two digital
camera lenses. One will be for wide-angle views and the other will have
telephoto capabilities, which Apple says will zoom in by up to 10 times while
still providing the same clarity as a shot on the standard distance setting.

The new iPhones will debut Sept. 16 in the U.S., China and more than two dozen
other countries. Orders will start this Friday.

The phones will offer more storage than earlier models. As people store more
photos and video on their phones, Apple is taking a cue from rival phone makers
and offering its starter model with 32 gigabytes of storage. It's still priced
at $650 for the iPhone 7 and $770 for the larger Plus model. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016
Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated press; The lightning port of an iPhone
7 is shown during an event to announce new Apple products Wednesday in San
Francisco.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 St. Catherine's Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                             762 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 5:57 PM GMT

Instagram is already planning how to take advantage of the iPhone 7's new and
improved camera;
Users will see more vivid pictures, and be able to convert Live Photos into
Boomerang GIFs

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 324 words


Apple revealed it's next-generation smartphone, the iPhone 7, at a keynote event
in San Francisco on Wednesday, boasting an vastly upgraded camera.

The iPhone 7 is Apple's first device to sport a wide-angle 12MP sensor, along
with optical image stabilisation and a larger f/1.8 aperture and 6-element lens.

This, Apple said, enables brighter, more detailed photos and videos, and a wide
colour capture.

If you're wondering what you could do with this impressive piece of kit, fear
not - Instagram has your back.

The company is bringing out an updated version of its iOS app that makes full
use of the iPhone 7's new photo-taking capabilities.

Unless you were paying close attention, you might have missed the Instagram's
short but sweet announcement during Apple's hotly-anticipated launch event last
night.

What is a dual lens camera and how does it work on Apple's iPhone 7 Plus?

Instagram's head of design, Ian Spalter, took to the stage to reveal that the
new iOS app will take and share photos using the wider colour range captured by
the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus' image sensors.

As a result, Spatler said, users will see more vivid colors than you'd get from
a phone taking photos in the usual sRGB color gamut.

The app will also take advantage of the iPhone 7 Plus' telephoto zoom lens,
which will be usable by dragging a single finger up and down when taking a photo
or video within Instagram.

How can I pre-order the iPhone 7 and when is it coming out in the UK?

Spatler explained that haptic feedback will help you know just how zoomed you
are, and could help you stay in the 2X optical zoom offered by the iPhone 7
Plus, without straying into digital zoom that degrades quality.

Another update means users will also be able to instantly convert Live Photos
taken with the iPhone 7 into Instagram Boomerang GIFs, without the need to shoot
separate Boomerangs in its dedicated app.

Instagram said the updates will arrive to the app sometime later this year.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             763 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 5:57 PM GMT

Instagram is already planning how to take advantage of the iPhone 7's new and
improved camera;
Users will see more vivid pictures, and be able to convert Live Photos into
Boomerang GIFs

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 324 words


Apple revealed it's next-generation smartphone, the iPhone 7, at a keynote event
in San Francisco on Wednesday, boasting an vastly upgraded camera.

The iPhone 7 is Apple's first device to sport a wide-angle 12MP sensor, along
with optical image stabilisation and a larger f/1.8 aperture and 6-element lens.

This, Apple said, enables brighter, more detailed photos and videos, and a wide
colour capture.

If you're wondering what you could do with this impressive piece of kit, fear
not - Instagram has your back.

The company is bringing out an updated version of its iOS app that makes full
use of the iPhone 7's new photo-taking capabilities.

Unless you were paying close attention, you might have missed the Instagram's
short but sweet announcement during Apple's hotly-anticipated launch event last
night.

What is a dual lens camera and how does it work on Apple's iPhone 7 Plus?

Instagram's head of design, Ian Spalter, took to the stage to reveal that the
new iOS app will take and share photos using the wider colour range captured by
the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus' image sensors.

As a result, Spatler said, users will see more vivid colors than you'd get from
a phone taking photos in the usual sRGB color gamut.

The app will also take advantage of the iPhone 7 Plus' telephoto zoom lens,
which will be usable by dragging a single finger up and down when taking a photo
or video within Instagram.

How can I pre-order the iPhone 7 and when is it coming out in the UK?

Spatler explained that haptic feedback will help you know just how zoomed you
are, and could help you stay in the 2X optical zoom offered by the iPhone 7
Plus, without straying into digital zoom that degrades quality.

Another update means users will also be able to instantly convert Live Photos
taken with the iPhone 7 into Instagram Boomerang GIFs, without the need to shoot
separate Boomerangs in its dedicated app.

Instagram said the updates will arrive to the app sometime later this year.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             764 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 5:57 PM GMT

Instagram is already planning how to take advantage of the iPhone 7's new and
improved camera;
Users will see more vivid pictures, and be able to convert Live Photos into
Boomerang GIFs

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 324 words


Apple revealed it's next-generation smartphone, the iPhone 7, at a keynote event
in San Francisco on Wednesday, boasting an vastly upgraded camera.

The iPhone 7 is Apple's first device to sport a wide-angle 12MP sensor, along
with optical image stabilisation and a larger f/1.8 aperture and 6-element lens.

This, Apple said, enables brighter, more detailed photos and videos, and a wide
colour capture.

If you're wondering what you could do with this impressive piece of kit, fear
not - Instagram has your back.

The company is bringing out an updated version of its iOS app that makes full
use of the iPhone 7's new photo-taking capabilities.

Unless you were paying close attention, you might have missed the Instagram's
short but sweet announcement during Apple's hotly-anticipated launch event last
night.

What is a dual lens camera and how does it work on Apple's iPhone 7 Plus?

Instagram's head of design, Ian Spalter, took to the stage to reveal that the
new iOS app will take and share photos using the wider colour range captured by
the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus' image sensors.

As a result, Spatler said, users will see more vivid colors than you'd get from
a phone taking photos in the usual sRGB color gamut.

The app will also take advantage of the iPhone 7 Plus' telephoto zoom lens,
which will be usable by dragging a single finger up and down when taking a photo
or video within Instagram.

How can I pre-order the iPhone 7 and when is it coming out in the UK?

Spatler explained that haptic feedback will help you know just how zoomed you
are, and could help you stay in the 2X optical zoom offered by the iPhone 7
Plus, without straying into digital zoom that degrades quality.

Another update means users will also be able to instantly convert Live Photos
taken with the iPhone 7 into Instagram Boomerang GIFs, without the need to shoot
separate Boomerangs in its dedicated app.

Instagram said the updates will arrive to the app sometime later this year.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             765 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Apple warns profits may suffer as it struggles to cope with demand for largest
iPhone 7 Plus

BYLINE: Jeffrey Dastin

SECTION: BUSINESS WEEK;NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 500 words


APPLE has said it has been caught off guard by demand for its biggest
smartphone, the iPhone 7 Plus, and that the miscalculation may hit profits.

The tech giant is not sure it can make as many units of the iPhone 7 Plus as
consumers want in time for the Christmas rush, ceo Tim Cook told analysts.

However, the company will manage to make enough of the smaller iPhone 7 models,
he added.

Demand was strong "particularly on the iPhone 7 Plus versus our forecast going
into the product launch", Cook said.

The bigger phones bring bigger profits, and Apple's forecast for
thinner-than-expected margins concerned investors after it reported quarterly
earnings on Tuesday.

Apple issued a conservative outlook on margins for the US holiday quarter, 38pc
to 38.5pc, versus expectations of nearly 39pc.

It was not immediately clear if the smartphone shortage caused the miss.

"You're not able to get that product into the hands of the person who wants it
right here, right now," said IDC analyst John Jackson. "Those are dollars not in
your hands." Apple unveiled its newest iPhones last month. The 5.5-inch Plus
model is the first iPhone to have a dual camera on the back that lets users take
better portrait shots and zoom in from further away.

Apple is still getting to know how consumer interest varies for larger and
smaller phones, having launched two competing sizes only in 2014, he said.

The company may also have underestimated the number of customers it would win
from Samsung, which recently recalled its own large format phone, the Galaxy
Note 7, after a number of them caught fire.

Apple Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri said that it was "impossible to know"
the effect of Samsung halting production of the Note 7 earlier this month.

"We cannot fulfil all the demand that is out there right now," he said.

Speeding up production would be difficult, analysts said.

The company cannot contract new suppliers, hire more workers and open factories
overnight, said Trip Chowdhry, managing director of Global Equities Research.

"You can't just shoot iPhones out of an assembly line at the speed of a bullet,"
he said. "Apple does things to perfection. There is no need to rush and create
an inferior product the way Samsung did."

The average sales price of the iPhone fell to $619 in the fiscal fourth quarter
from $670 a year earlier as some customers opted for the cheaper, smaller iPhone
SE over the higher-specification 6S and 7, which was introduced on September 16.

The average price should recover by the end of the holiday quarter, Maestri
said.

Even as Apple sold 45.5 million iPhones in the quarter, more than analysts'
projected, Maestri and Chief Executive Officer Cook said that the company had
been unable to manufacture enough of the new iPhone 7. "Demand is outstripping
supply in the vast majority of places, particularly in the iPhone 7 Plus," Cook
said, referring to the larger-screen version of the new handset. "We're working
very hard to get them into customers' hands as quickly as possible."

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             766 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday

Better, even without headphones Review: iPhone 7 Plus has second lens for
optical zoom

BYLINE: By Anick Jesdanun AP Technology Writer

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1013 words


TIBURON, Calif. -- Apple's new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are clearly improvements on
their predecessors -- even if the biggest change is actually an omission (of the
traditional headphone jack). But are they improved enough to justify an upgrade?

If you're an iPhone user, it may depend on how long you've held onto your
current iPhone. If you're a proud owner of the iPhone 6S or its plus-sized
cousin, you probably don't need to rush out for the 7. But the 7 includes enough
cumulative iPhone improvements from the past two years to tempt anyone still
clinging to an older model.

For instance, the iPhone 7 is seriously water resistant; putting it under a
faucet for a few minutes merely muffled the speakers and made the touch screen
stop working until I dried it off. It's got louder speakers, a brighter screen
and, in the larger 7 Plus, a second camera lens -- a low-powered but useful
zoom. Add to that a sharper 12 megapixel camera introduced with the 6S.

All iPhone 7 models come with twice the storage as the comparable 6S, at mostly
the same price. That's "mostly" because the $769 starting price for the larger
iPhone 7 Plus is $20 more than comparable past models. The regular iPhone 7
stays at $649. Both entry-level phones now have 32 gigabytes rather than 16.

Wired

Without the traditional headphone jack, wired headphones plug into the Lightning
port normally used for charging. But the jack's

disappearance doesn't present the problem you might expect, given that iPhone 7
comes with a 3-inch-long adapter for your old headphones. A replacement costs $9
if you lose it (I've misplaced one already in less than a week).

To charge your phone while listening, you need a $99 battery case or a
third-party adapter. Neither is included. Also, your iPhone 7 headphones won't
work with any other device that uses the old-fashioned jack.

Unwired

Of course, you can just go wireless, as Apple would love you to do. Its upcoming
$159 AirPods are two tiny inch-and-a-half Bluetooth earpieces designed to
integrate with Apple's software. Setting them up involves little more than
opening the case near your phone and tapping "Connect."

Audio plays automatically when you're wearing them, and pauses when you pop one
out to talk to someone. Double tapping on an earpiece let me ask the Siri voice
assistant to change the volume, rewind or check the weather. (They do look a
little like dangling earrings when you have them in.)

The AirPods picked up my voice pretty well, even when I spoke softly, and calls
sounded fine in controlled environments. Siri had some trouble when Shakira
blared in the background, but that's no different from using the phone in a loud
bar. And next to a busy highway in New York, the call sounded fine to me, but
the person I was speaking with thought it sounded like a speaker phone.

The AirPods did stay in my ears through one bike ride, eight runs and some
jumps, though one dropped out as I changed my shirt.

Apple promises five hours of continuous use; I got well over that, although
voice calls will eat up their tiny batteries much faster. You can also double
your listening by using one AirPod at a time. The AirPods come in a case that
resembles a pack of dental floss; it also recharges the earpieces, extending
usage to 24 hours. The Lightning charging cord for your phone can recharge the
case, too.

But the AirPods still seem remarkably easy to lose. The case helps, but I also
lose dental floss regularly (don't tell my dentist). I also get careless with
wired headphones; I've even run a pair through the wash, which was no big deal
since they cost just $29. Of course, you might be more careful with $160
accessories. Apple does plan to sell single earpieces and the case separately,
but hasn't announced prices.

The wired headphones that come with the 7 work just fine -- and will still cost
$29 to replace. Apple isn't promising better sound -- at least for now --
despite the Lightning port's ability to deliver audio digitally. But third-party
headsets might be able to offer advanced features such as noise cancellation
without needing a separate battery.

AirPods will work with older iPhones once they get the free upgrade. Connect
them once, and they'll work on iPads and Macs on the same iCloud account, too.
Though the iPhone 7 is available this Friday, AirPods won't come out until late
October.

Better images

While smartphone cameras have long offered zooming, these are typically done
with software tricks that degrade image quality. The iPhone 7 Plus has a second
lens that offers 2X optical zoom without any image degradation. (Technically,
it's not a true zoom lens, but it uses a separate camera system to achieve a
similar effect.)

Twice the magnification might not sound like much, but it makes a big difference
when you're zeroing in on one aspect of a scene. If you then need "digital zoom"
-- as those software tricks are known -- you're at least starting out with a
sharper image. For close-ups, the zoom lens lets you step back to keep your
shadow out of the shot.

It's a shame the iPhone 7 doesn't have the second lens as well, but it might
take a few years for that to happen. Something similar occurred with anti-shake
technology, which took two years to move from the Plus to the regular size
starting with the iPhone 7.

The selfie camera also got better in the iPhone 7. Resolution increases to 7
megapixels, from 5 megapixels, so the selfie camera no longer feels inferior.

Other improvements

The new iPhones now have stereo speakers and play audio twice as loud as before.
I could do the dishes with the faucet running and still hear my music without
putting on headphones. The screens are also brighter, which could help in direct
sunlight.

Apple says battery life improves by an hour or two, thanks to higher capacity
and efficiencies. No battery is ever going to be enough, but Apple promises 12
to 15 hours of internet use.

If you do upgrade, consider the new jet black model. The back is polished so
finely that it looks like glass, yet has the strength of aluminum. It smudges
easily -- but of course you ought to have a case anyway.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             767 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple Pay Coming to Japan with iPhone 7

LENGTH: 870  words


Sept. 7 -- Apple today announced that iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch
Series 2 will bring customers in Japan the ability to use Apple Pay, an easy,
fast and secure way to pay for everything in their daily routines, beginning in
October. Users can commute and pay for everyday items with Suica from JR East,
and make convenient and private credit and prepaid card purchases in stores,
apps and on the web with a single touch. Apple is also introducing support for
transit in Japan with Maps in iOS 10, so commuters can easily find ride details,
including fare breakdowns that automatically show Suica pricing right on their
device, making their commute more seamless and simpler than ever.

Apple Pay is accepted anywhere Suica is available, so users can make quick
everyday purchases and buy or reload a Suica card or commuter pass, all with
their iPhone. Japan's major financial brands will also support Apple Pay, so
shoppers can make purchases in many of the country's largest stores, at
neighborhood shops and restaurants, and from their favorite online merchants.

"We are incredibly excited to bring iPhone 7 to customers in Japan so they can
experience the magic of Apple Pay," said Tim Cook, Apple's CEO. "Apple Pay will
transform your daily routine, from making your commute easier and more
convenient than ever with Suica right on your iPhone 7 and Apple Watch Series 2,
to using your favorite cards to make secure and private purchases with a single
touch."

"As the world's largest transit operator, JR East is committed to innovating so
we can provide our customers across Japan the best service possible," said
Tetsuro Tomita, president and CEO of East Japan Railway. "For iPhone 7, we
redesigned an entirely new experience from the ground up so our customers can
enjoy the ease and security of using Apple Pay while commuting, in our app and
in stores with Suica."

iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2 sold in Japan will support
FeliCa Type-F NFC contactless technology, which is used every day for more than
160 million transactions across Japan.

When Maps launches support for transit in Japan with iOS 10 in October, Apple
Pay users can map out and pay for their entire commute, including major train,
subway, ferry and national bus lines, on their iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple
Watch Series 2, based on updated fare and schedule information. If you have a
Suica card added to Apple Pay and are planning a route that exceeds its balance,
an alert will show it's time to reload, and you can do so instantly, right on
your device. Commuters can also follow carefully curated navigation instructions
so it's easy to get around Japan's extensive underground tunnel networks.

Apple Pay will support many of the most popular Japanese credit and prepaid
cards issued by AEON, Credit Saison, JCB, Mitsubishi UFJ Nicos, Orient
Corporation, Sumitomo Mitsui Card, Toyota Finance, UC Cards and View Card, and
carriers KDDI, NTT Docomo and Softbank, representing more than three-quarters of
all credit card spending in Japan, with major global and domestic networks like
American Express, Mastercard, JCB, iD and QUICPay. Users will continue to
receive all of the rewards and benets offered by their cards.

Beginning in October, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2 users
will be able to make purchases in stores anywhere Suica, iD or QUICPay is
accepted, encompassing nearly two-thirds of all transactions at Japan's largest
merchants. In addition to Apple Stores in Japan, leading retailers that will
accept Apple Pay include convenience stores like 7-Eleven, Circle K, Family
Mart, Lawson, Ministop and Sunkus, supermarkets such as AEON, APITA and PIAGO,
gas stations including ENEOS and Esso Mobil General, retailers like BicCamera,
Matsumoto Kiyoshi and Uniqlo, and favorite local brands such as JapanTaxi and
Sukiya.

Online shopping in apps and on websites accepting Apple Pay is as simple as the
touch of a finger with Touch ID, so there's no need to manually fill out lengthy
account forms or repeatedly type in shipping and billing information. Your card
number is kept private and not shared with the merchant. Online brands that will
accept Apple Pay in Japan include BASE, Demae-Can, giftee, Jalan.net, JapanTaxi,
minne and Toho Cinema.

When paying for goods and services on the go within apps or Safari, Apple Pay
works with iPhone 6 and later, iPad Pro, iPad Air 2, and iPad mini 3 and later.
You can also use Apple Pay in Safari on any Mac introduced in or after 2012
running macOS Sierra, and confirm the payment with iPhone 6 or later or Apple
Watch.

Security and privacy are at the core of Apple Pay. If your iPhone, iPad or Apple
Watch is ever lost, you can use Find My iPhone to put your device in Lost Mode
to suspend Apple Pay, or you can wipe your device clean completely. You can also
stop the ability to make payments with Apple Pay on iCloud.com. If you lose your
device, your Suica balance is recoverable.

When you use a credit or prepaid card with Apple Pay, the actual card numbers
are not stored on the device, nor on Apple servers. Instead, a unique Device
Account Number is assigned, encrypted and securely stored in the Secure Element
on your device.

Source: Apple

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             768 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   SME Times

                          September 17, 2016 Saturday

Apple fans make beeline for iPhone 7 in biggest-ever launch

LENGTH: 569 words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 17 -- Apple enthusiasts are known to swarm company stores and
form long queues in the hours before any big launch and the scene at retail
stores across the US with the availability of stunning iPhone 7 and Apple Watch
Series 2 was no different on Friday.

At the stroke of 8 a.m. amid clapping from Apple employees and cheers from
iPhone 7 wannabes on a sunny morning, the craze to catch hold of a handset was
visible from the word go.

To get an iPhone 7, one had to register first and then, be part of the growing
queue.

The scene at Apple Store in Roosevelt Field, Garden City in Long Island was
similar to the flagship ones at Fifth Avenue near Times Square, Apple Grand
Central and Apple SoHo which were swamped by long queues.

"I am here to buy iPhone 7 128GB variant for my wife. And what better than a
rose gold colour to gift your wife," Indian-American Surinder Singh told IANS as
he waited patiently for his turn at the Garden City Apple Store.

"Although I am a Samsung lover, my wife is a die-hard Apple lover so it makes
sense to buy iPhone 7 for her on the first day of its launch," Singh added.

The iPhone 7 was launched in 28 countries on Friday -- the biggest launch of an
Apple device yet.

"We are very excited. The atmosphere is amazing and the response is huge," said
Andrews who works at Apple Store at Garden City.

It will be available for sale in India from October 7. Coming in silver, gold,
rose gold and the new black finish (jet black), iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will
be available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB models, starting at Rs 60,000.

iPhone 7 features breakthrough new camera systems, the best battery life ever in
an iPhone and water and dust resistance.

"Apple Watch Series 2", the ultimate device for a healthy life, offers water
resistance at 50 metre, GPS, two-times-brighter display, dual-core processor and
watchOS 3.

Starting at $369, the 'Apple Watch Series 2' will be water resistant to 50
metres and the speaker will literally repel the water like a piston.

The device will have a dual core processor with GPU that is up to two times
faster.

According to industry analysts, since Navratri -- an auspicious time for
shopping -- begins on October 1 and with Diwali falling on October 30, this is a
strategic time for Apple to register super iPhone 7 sales in India.

"Apple will have three-four weeks of solid festive momentum. Last year, Apple
launched iPhone models on October 16. This year, the company will have more
time-frame to register better sales figures," Tarun Pathak, Senior Analyst,
Mobile Devices and Ecosystems at New Delhi-based Counterpoint Research, told
IANS earlier.

Apple CEO Tim Cook recently announced to soon open retail stores in the country
-- a move that brings to the fore the global importance of the burgeoning Indian
smartphone market.

The sales of the Apple devices in India rose 51 per cent in the last three
quarters compared with a year earlier, Cook said.

"India is now one of our fastest growing markets. In the first three quarters of
this fiscal year, our iPhone sales in India were up 51 percent year on year.
We're looking forward to opening retail stores in India down the road and we see
huge potential for that vibrant country," Cook added.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from SME Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                         Copyright 2016 tradeindia.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             769 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils waterproof iPhone 7 with dual cameras

LENGTH: 881  words


Apple is out to make a splash with new waterproof iPhones, a smartphone game
starring Nintendo's beloved Mario" and a push on wireless headphones.The iPhone
7 and larger iPhone 7 Plus, with sophisticated camera technology, improved water
resistance and other features, were shown off to applause on Wednesday at an
Apple event in San Francisco.

The flagship devices with boosted memory capacity will be sold at roughly the
same price as the models they replace, starting at $649 for the iPhone 7 for US
customers, with deliveries in 25 countries beginning September 16.Revered
Nintendo game designer Shigeru Miyamoto was a surprise guest at the Apple event,
unveiling a new Super Mario Run" game heading for the iPhone by the year-end
holidays.

We want as many people of all ages to be able to play Super Mario Run," Miyamoto
said.We plan to release it at a set price, and then you can play to your heart's
content.

" The price was not disclosed.Apple, Nintendo and game maker Niantic used the
event toannouncethe wildly popular Pokemon Go would be available for Apple Watch
users later this month.

Pokemon Go has beendownloadedmore than 500 million times and billions of
kilometers have been walked by players since it was made available free in early
July, according to Niantic Labs, which created the game.NOHEADPHONE JACKA new
iPhone feature which may ruffle some feathers is the removal of the headphone
jack, requiring audio to be delivered via Apple's proprietary lightning"
connector or by wireless.

Lightning connectors were designed from the outset to handle high-quality audio,
Apple vice president Phil Schiller told the audience, addressing concerns about
the jack removal.It comes down to one reason: courage, the courage to move on,"
Schiller said of the decision to get rid of the traditional headset port.

Our smartphones are packed with technologies and we all want more, and it is all
fighting for space in that same enclosure. Maintaining an old, single-purpose
connector just doesn't make sense.

"Apple AirPods" wireless ear pieces and adaptors to plug old-fashioned wired
headsets into Lightning ports will come with iPhone 7 models, according to
SchillerThe 35mm analogue jack for wired headsets dates back more than a
century, and it was time for someone to break from the past and start pushing
people into the future," Creative Strategies analyst Tim Bajarin said after the
event.Apple may be setting the stage for a dramatically different iPhone model
to debut next year on the10th anniversaryof the smartphone first introduced in
2007, Bajarin reasoned.

It could be a first step for Apple making this completely wireless, and maybe
next year a new iPhone with wireless charging," the analyst said.GETTING WETThe
new-generation iPhones and Apple Watch boast the ability to get wet without
getting ruined.

The first Apple Watch was splash-proof, the Apple Watch Series 2 is swim-proof,"
Apple chief operating officer Jeff Williams said during the presentation.The new
smartphones come with Apple seeking to reverse declines in sales of the iPhone
in an increasingly saturated global market, and boost its Apple Watch.

Apple chief executive Tim Cook said the new smartphones take advantage of the
latest iPhone software, iOS 10.We are about to launch iOS 10, our biggest iOS
release ever It is jam-packed with new features," Cook said.

Now of course the world's most advanced mobile operating system deserves the
most advanced smartphone, and here it is."The iPhone 7 Plus, Apple's version of
a phablet," includes dual cameras to improve optical performance and photo
quality.

While Apple has touted total iPhone sales of one billion, the number sold in the
quarter ending June 25 fell 15 percent from a year earlier, highlighting
concerns over growth for the key profit driverAnalysts were split on whether new
iPhones would help Apple regain momentumI believe Apple did enough to keep the
base happy with upgrades and arguably did enough to attract some Android users,"
said analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights and Strategy.The iPhone 7 is a
completely new phone.

"But Neil Saunders of the research firm Conlumino said the iPhone 7 is not
radically different to the previous incarnation." and that the new features are
unlikely to be persuasive factors in determining whether consumers upgrade or
stick with what they have.

"Bajarin believed the iPhone 7 models would encourage upgrades and stabilise
iPhone sales growth.MOVING FORWARD ON WATCHOn the wearables front, its new Apple
Watch Series 2 will also feature GPS and allowing people to gather fitness data
during an outdoor workout without need to take along a smartphone.

We started shipping Apple Watch just 18 months ago, and already people all over
the world are using it in many aspects of their daily lives," Cook said.Sales
figures for the smartwatch are not disclosed by Apple, but surveys show
enthusiasm has faded since last year's release.

Apple saw a 56.7 percent year-over-year drop in sales of the device in the past
quarter, research firm IDC said.

Apple has rethought the Apple Watch significantly since its first release," said
Jackdaw Research chief analyst ja Dawson.It's original emphasis on apps and
communication has faded into the background as health and fitness features have
come to the fore.

"

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             770 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      September 5, 2016 Monday 3:50 PM GMT

Why Apple's decision to remove the iPhone 7's headphone jack might be a GOOD
thing;
Apple's rumoured decision to remove the headphone jack in the latest iPhone
could be its most controversial in years - but also one of its best

BYLINE: By Rhiannon Williams

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 538 words


If the rumours turn out to be true, and the iPhone 7 launches today at the Apple
2016 event without a headphone jack, some Apple fans are bound to be
disappointed.

The 3.5mm socket has been used as the default audio connector on the vast
majority of electronic devices - from computers to game consoles - since the
1960s.

Now Apple supposedly wants to shake things up by forcing customers to either use
headphones that plug into the Lightning port, which is currently used for
charging, or wireless headphones, which connect to the iPhone via Bluetooth.

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 launch event?
Everything you need to know

Given that millions of iPhone owners around the world currently use wired
headphones, it's a potentially risky move, but one that Apple evidently has
confidence in.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone

Some rumours suggest that Apple is planning to bundle the iPhone 7 with new
wired EarPods that use a Lightning connector, while others claim the phone will
launch with wireless headphones, or "AirPods" .

There has also been some suggestion that the new iPhone will come with a
Lightning-to-audio adaptor, so you will still be able to use your regular wired
headphones - though these things are easy to lose.

While the move may seem like a travesty to anyone who has forked out for
expensive headphones in the past, there may be method to Apple's madness.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

Recent tests by MacRumours found that headphones connected via the Lightning
port provided better sound quality than those via the standard headphone jack.

This is down to the limited size of the 3.5mm headphone jack, meaning sound
quality suffers as a result of a smaller, less expensive amp and inbuilt
digital-to-analogue music converter (DAC).

Lightning connector headphones contain their own amp and DAC, putting the
manufacturer in charge of the audio quality.

When does the iPhone 7 come out? Launch date CONFIRMED for Apple's new
smartphone

However, there's little doubt that headphones that plug into the Lightning port
would offer significantly better audio quality than wireless ones.

The 8-pin Lightning connector can handle more data than Bluetooth, which is what
counts when your headphones decode audio signals digitally, according to
TechRadar .

Dr Kevin Currie, senior member of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics
Engineers, told the website that the most advanced version of Bluetooth
available can only transfer data at a maximum of 25Mbps - or 3.25 megabytes per
second.

The Lightning port, he says, can transmit information at a rate of 480Mbps - or
around 60 megabytes per second - for far superior audio quality.

iPhone 7 last-minute leak claims Apple's new iPhone will come in five colours
and include one killer feature for photo fanatics

That means, if you care about audio quality, and you have to choose between
wired headphones that use the Lightning connector and wireless ones that use
Bluetooth, you should go for the wired ones.

You may even find they're better than your old ones with a traditional audio
jack.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             771 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                    September 24, 2016 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Zizo Wireless Launches Apple iPhone 7 Cases and iPhone 7 Plus Cases

BYLINE: Zizo Wireless

LENGTH: 494  words


Chino, CA,  September 24, 2016 --(PR.com)-- As per talks with Rocky Batta, CEO
Zizo Wireless, Zizo has maintained its class and innovative productivity,
following the tradition of high-class user friendly phone cases for almost 10
years and same class will be reflected in latest iPhone 7 Cases and iPhone 7
Plus cases.

Zizo is famous for producing military standard cases for phones of almost every
brand available in the market. These strong and firm cases protect the phone
from breaking caused by dropping it accidentally. It also adds a grip to keep it
from sliding out of your hand and onto the concrete.

As iPhone 7 has recently released, there has been a growing demand of phone
cases now. Divided into three different avatars- these cases come with elegant
design that can match with the brand. Customers can order Bolt, Pulse and Elite
series cases for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus directly from their website
www.zizowireless.com.

Pulse series: Zizo's Pulse Series is an anti-slip Grip + slim fit with
lightweight protection. It has a diamond plated TPU which gives it more durable
body. It has been finely engineered to provide shockproof and impact dispersion
technology. The Pulse Series is available in vibrant color choice that can go
with iPhone 7 and Plus series. You can now order this product at $9.99.

Bolt Case: Zizo's Military Grade Bolt Case has tempered glass with screen
protector. Available in vibrant design and color, the entire case is carefully
designed. It has Outer-Locking and Built-in Kickstand which allows hands-free
viewing. It comes with heavy duty 360 degree holster clip. The case cover is
aesthetically engineered which provides solid grip over hand. The lightning
shield provides clarity and zero distortion. The multiple layers of protection:
soft and shock absorbing tetra Polyurethane with an Impact Resistant
Polycarbonate shell compliments with the protection. This case is Military
Standard 810G drop test certified. This highly protective stylish case is
available for $17.99.

Elite Series: This third case from the series is Slim Fit and is aesthetically
engineered matching the look of iPhone 7. Available in various color variants,
it has shockproof technology and is triple layered. The case has sturdy
kickstand allowing hands-free viewing of phone. You can now pre-order this
product for $12.99.

About Zizo:

This second generation family company was founded in 2006. The company is
passionate in creating effective product that is creatively inclined. It works
with the vision to manufacture high quality phone cases. With the launch of
iPhone 7, they have released an incredible series of iPhone 7 Cases and iPhone 7
Plus Cases. By spending countless hours in innovating and designing, the company
is backed by professionals to give satisfactory services to its customers. All
its products are offered with lifetime limited warranty and 30 day return
policy. For more information visit: https://www.zizowireless.com/

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             772 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                           September 13, 2016 Tuesday

Review: The iPhone 7 is just fine, even if it doesn't wow

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 895 words


TIBURON, Calif. - Apple's new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are clearly improvements on
their predecessors - even if the biggest change is actually an omission (of the
traditional headphone jack). But are they improved enough to justify an upgrade?

If you're an iPhone user, it may depend on how long you've held onto your
current iPhone. If you're a proud owner of the iPhone 6S or its plus-sized
cousin, you probably don't need to rush out for the 7. But the 7 includes enough
cumulative iPhone improvements from the past two years to tempt anyone still
clinging to an older model.

For instance, the iPhone 7 is seriously water resistant; putting it under a
faucet for a few minutes merely muffled the speakers and made the touch screen
stop working until I dried it off. It's got louder speakers, a brighter screen
and, in the larger 7 Plus, a second camera lens - a low-powered but useful zoom.
Add to that a sharper 12 megapixel camera introduced with the 6S.

All iPhone 7 models come with twice the storage as the comparable 6S, at mostly
the same price.

Listening wired ...

Without the traditional headphone jack, wired headphones plug into the Lightning
port normally used for charging. But the jack's disappearance doesn't present
the problem you might expect, given that iPhone 7 comes with a three-inch-long
adapter for your old headphones. A replacement costs $9 if you lose it.

To charge your phone while listening, you need a $99 battery case or a
third-party adapter. Neither is included. Also, your iPhone 7 headphones won't
work with any other device that uses the old-fashioned jack.

... and unwired

Of course, you can just go wireless, as Apple would love you to do. Its upcoming
$159 AirPods are two tiny inch-and-a-half Bluetooth earpieces designed to
integrate with Apple's software. Setting them up involves little more than
opening the case near your phone and tapping "Connect."

Audio plays automatically when you're wearing them, and pauses when you pop one
out to talk to someone. Double tapping on an earpiece let me ask the Siri voice
assistant to change the volume, rewind or check the weather.

The AirPods picked up my voice pretty well, even when I spoke softly, and calls
sounded fine in controlled environments. Siri had some trouble when Shakira
blared in the background, but that's no different from using the phone in a loud
bar. And next to a busy highway in New York, the call sounded fine to me, but
the person I was speaking with thought it sounded like a speaker phone.

The AirPods did stay in my ears through one bike ride, eight runs and some
jumps, though one dropped out as I changed my shirt.

Apple promises five hours of continuous use; I got well over that, although
voice calls will eat up their tiny batteries much faster. You can also double
your listening by using one AirPod at a time. The AirPods come in a case that
resembles a pack of dental floss; it also recharges the earpieces, extending
usage to 24 hours. The Lightning charging cord for your phone can recharge the
case, too.

The wired headphones that come with the 7 work just fine - and will still cost
$29 to replace. Apple isn't promising better sound - at least for now - despite
the Lightning port's ability to deliver audio digitally. But third-party
headsets might be able to offer advanced features such as noise cancellation
without needing a separate battery.

AirPods will work with older iPhones once they get the free iOS 10 software
upgrade. Connect them once, and they'll work on iPads and Macs on the same
iCloud account, too. Though the iPhone 7 is available this Friday, AirPods won't
come out until late October.

Better images

While smartphone cameras have long offered zooming, these are typically done
with software tricks that degrade image quality. The iPhone 7 Plus has a second
lens that offers 2X optical zoom without any image degradation. (Technically,
it's not a true zoom lens, but it uses a separate camera system to achieve a
similar effect.)

Twice the magnification might not sound like much, but it makes a big difference
when you're zeroing in on one aspect of a scene. If you then need "digital zoom"
- as those software tricks are known - you're at least starting out with a
sharper image. For close-ups, the zoom lens lets you step back to keep your
shadow out of the shot.

It's a shame the iPhone 7 doesn't have the second lens as well, but it might
take a few years for that to happen. Something similar occurred with anti-shake
technology, which took two years to move from the Plus to the regular size
starting with the iPhone 7.

The selfie camera also got better in the iPhone 7. Resolution increases to 7
megapixels, from 5 megapixels, so the selfie camera no longer feels inferior.

Other improvements

The new iPhones now have stereo speakers and play audio twice as loud as before.
I could do the dishes with the faucet running and still hear my music without
putting on headphones. The screens are also brighter, which could help in direct
sunlight.

Apple says battery life improves by an hour or two, thanks to higher capacity
and efficiencies. No battery is ever going to be enough, but Apple promises 12
to 15 hours of Internet use.

If you do upgrade, consider the new jet black model. The back is polished so
finely that it looks like glass, yet has the strength of aluminum. It smudges
easily - but of course you ought to have a case anyway.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             773 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Daily Herald-Tribune (Grande Prairie)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Hit the road, jack; Apple unveils iPhone 7 with better camera, no headphone jack

BYLINE: Brandon Bailey And Michael Liedtke, The Associated Press

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 672  words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Apple's latest iPhone may be more notable for what's missing from previous
models than what's being added. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus unveiled Wednesday won't
have an analog headphone jack - a longtime staple in just about every consumer
electronics device that can play audio.

In doing so, Apple is betting that its legions of loyal fans will embrace the
shift to wireless headphones - or, if they insist on sticking with their old
ways, that they won't mind using earbuds that plug into the iPhone's power port,
or older headsets in conjunction with a new adapter.

The redesigned earbuds - with cord - will be included with the new iPhones. Also
in the box: An adapter consisting of two plugs connected by a short length of
cable, which will connect older headphones to the charging port.

Wireless future looms But Apple is trying to push consumers to cut the cord with
their headphones and make the leap into what it envisions as a "wireless
future."

"The reason to move on is courage ," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior
vice-president of worldwide marketing. "The courage to move on and do something
new that will benefit all of us."

As part of the transition, Apple also is introducing wireless "AirPods " that
will sell for $160.

Getting rid of the3.5 millimeter headphone jack helped Apple make its new iPhone
slimmer, boost its battery lifetime and add other improvements, including stereo
speakers and a sharper camera. The iPhone 7 is also water resistant, a popular
feature that rivals such as Samsung Electronics already have been offering.

Apple is trying to reverse its first decline in iPhone sales since the company's
late founder, Steve Jobs, unveiled the trendsetting device in 2007.

Apple sold nearly 92 million iPhones during the first six months of this year,
or about 15 per cent fewer than the same period last year. Industry analysts
blame the downturn on last fall's uninspiring rollout of the iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus, neither of which included enough compelling feature to persuade consumers
to replace the phones that they already owned.

Been there , done that Now the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus may be plagued by the same
syndrome.

Phone advances from Apple, Samsung and other smartphone makers in recent years
are becoming so run-of-themill that BGC analyst Colin Gillis says the industry
is gradually losing its ability to dazzle consumers. That's something Jobs was
famous for whenever he showed off new products.

In a Wednesday research note, Gillis predicted that shopping for a new
smartphones is becoming "like buying a microwave - something people do, but not
a major event." He believes Apple's iPhone sales could decline by 5 per cent
during the next year.

If that happens, it will be bad news for Apple, the world's most valuable
company. It relies on the iPhone for two-thirds of its revenue, partly because
the company hasn't been able to come up with another breakthrough innovation
under the leadership of CEO Tim Cook, Jobs'hand-picked successor.

Investors weren't very enthused about what they saw Wednesday. Apple's stock
shed 29 cents to $107.41 in late afternoon trading. The shares are stuck
slightly below their value a year ago when the last iPhone came out.

Better camera , processor Piper Jaffray's Gene Munster is among the industry
analysts predicting more dramatic changes to the iPhone next fall to herald the
10-year anniversary of the first model.

The most significant upgrades to this year's models include a faster processor
and a better camera, upgrades that Apple typically makes every year. The more
expensive and larger iPhone 7 Plus boasts the biggest change, with two digital
camera lenses. One will be for wide-angle views and the other will have
telephoto capabilities, which Apple says will zoom in by up to 10 times while
still providing the same clarity as a shot on the standard distance setting.

The new iPhones will debut Sept. 16 in the U. S., China and more than two dozen
other countries. Orders will start this Friday. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media
Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Ap; The lightning port of an iPhone 7 is shown
during an event to announce new Apple products Wednesday in San Francisco.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Daily Herald-Tribune (Grande Prairie)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             774 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                           September 19, 2016 Monday

iPhone 7 is just fine, doesn't wow

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 904 words


TIBURON, Calif. * Apple's new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are clearly improvements on
their predecessors - even if the biggest change is actually an omission (of the
traditional headphone jack). But are they improved enough to justify an upgrade?

If you're an iPhone user, it may depend on how long you've held onto your
current iPhone. If you're a proud owner of the iPhone 6S or its plus-sized
cousin, you probably don't need to rush out for the 7. But the 7 includes enough
cumulative iPhone improvements from the past two years to tempt anyone still
clinging to an older model.

For instance, the iPhone 7 is seriously water resistant; putting it under a
faucet for a few minutes merely muffled the speakers and made the touch screen
stop working until I dried it off. It's got louder speakers, a brighter screen
and, in the larger 7 Plus, a second camera lens - a low-powered but useful zoom.
Add to that a sharper 12 megapixel camera introduced with the 6S.

All iPhone 7 models come with twice the storage as the comparable 6S, at mostly
the same price. That's "mostly" because the $769 starting price for the larger
iPhone 7 Plus is $20 more than comparable past models. The regular iPhone 7
stays at $649. Both entry-level phones now have 32 gigabytes rather than 16.

Listening wired ...

Without the traditional headphone jack, wired headphones plug into the Lightning
port normally used for charging. But the jack's disappearance doesn't present
the problem you might expect, given that iPhone 7 comes with a 3-inch-long
adapter for your old headphones. A replacement costs $9 if you lose it (I've
misplaced one already in less than a week).

To charge your phone while listening, you need a $99 battery case or a
third-party adapter. Neither is included. Also, your iPhone 7 headphones won't
work with any other device that uses the old-fashioned jack.

... and unwired

Of course, you can just go wireless, as Apple would love you to do. Its upcoming
$159 AirPods are two tiny inch-and-a-half Bluetooth earpieces designed to
integrate with Apple's software. Setting them up involves little more than
opening the case near your phone and tapping "Connect."

Audio plays automatically when you're wearing them, and pauses when you pop one
out to talk to someone. Double tapping on an earpiece let me ask the Siri voice
assistant to change the volume, rewind or check the weather. (They do look a
little like dangling earrings when you have them in.)

The AirPods picked up my voice pretty well, even when I spoke softly, and calls
sounded fine in controlled environments. Siri had some trouble when Shakira
blared in the background, but that's no different from using the phone in a loud
bar. The AirPods did stay in my ears through one bike ride and eight runs,
though one dropped out as I changed my shirt.

Apple promises five hours of continuous use; I got well over that, although
voice calls will eat up their tiny batteries much faster. You can also double
your listening by using one AirPod at a time. The AirPods come in a case that
resembles a pack of dental floss; it also recharges the earpieces, extending
usage to 24 hours. The Lightning charging cord for your phone can recharge the
case, too.

But the AirPods still seem remarkably easy to lose. The case helps, but I also
lose dental floss regularly. I also get careless with wired headphones; I've
even run a pair through the wash, which was no big deal since they cost just
$30. Of course, you might be more careful with $160 accessories. Apple does plan
to sell single earpieces and the case separately, but hasn't announced prices.

The wired headphones that come with the 7 work just fine - and will still cost
$30 to replace. Apple isn't promising better sound - at least for now - despite
the Lightning port's ability to deliver audio digitally. But third-party
headsets might be able to offer advanced features such as noise cancellation
without needing a separate battery.

AirPods will work with older iPhones once they get the free iOS 10 software
upgrade. Connect them once, and they'll work on iPads and Macs on the same
iCloud account, too.

Better images

While smartphone cameras have long offered zooming, these are typically done
with software tricks that degrade image quality. The iPhone 7 Plus has a second
lens that's a 2X optical zoom without any image degradation.

Twice the magnification might not sound like much, but it makes a big difference
when you're zeroing in on one aspect of a scene. If you then need "digital zoom"
- as those software tricks are known - you're at least starting out with a
sharper image. For close-ups, the zoom lens lets you step back to keep your
shadow out of the shot.

It's a shame the iPhone 7 doesn't have the second lens as well, but it might
take a few years for that to happen, Something similar occurred with anti-shake
technology, which took two years to move from the Plus to the regular size
starting with the iPhone 7.

Other improvements

The new iPhones now have stereo speakers and play audio twice as loud as before.
I could do the dishes with the faucet running and still hear my music without
putting on headphones. The screens are also brighter, which could help in direct
sunlight.

Apple says battery life improves by an hour or two, thanks to higher capacity
and efficiencies. No battery is ever going to be enough, but Apple promises 12
to 15 hours of internet use. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Telegraph-Journal (New
Brunswick)

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Telegraph Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             775 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                      September 9, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Apple's Warranty Doesn't Cover Water Damage For 'Waterproof' iPhone 7

BYLINE: Chandrakant 'CK' Isi

LENGTH: 363  words


In terms of water-resistance, the Galaxy S7 edge has an "edge" over the iPhone.

Waterproof phones have been around for over a decade. Especially, the Japanese
have affinity towards such handsets. In the land of rising Sun, brands such as
Sharp, Fujitsu, Kyocera have been churning out handsets that can withstand
water. For the rest of the world though, the first water-resistant mainstream
Android was the Motorola Defy. However, Motorola's vision for waterproof phones
was quite repulsive to look at. Soon, Sony showed the world that a waterproof
phone need not be an eyesore. Finally, it was Samsung that took the engineering
to the extremes to deliver a sleek yet waterproof Galaxy S7 edge. With the
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, Apple followed the suite. The Cupertino-based
company did a brilliant job at adding the element protection without
compromising on the aesthetics.

However, unlike Samsung, Apple isn't confident about its waterproof phone. In
fact, the American company refuses to cover liquid damage for its waterproof
iPhone under warranty. Here's the screenshot of iPhone 7's official product
page.

If you buy the new iPhone this Diwali, do not challenge your Galaxy S7 edge
wielding friend at a pool party. Now, lets move onto the explanation part. While
in general both the iPhones and Samsung's Galaxy S7 edge are waterproof. The
Galaxy S7 edge is rated IP68 whereas the iPhone 7 settles for IP67. IP stands
for Ingress Protection. The first digit represents the protection against dust.
Both the iPhone 7 and Galaxy S7 edge are rated 6, which means these handsets are
full protected against dust. The second digit represents water resistance. The
iPhone's is rated 7, which means that it is protected protected against the
effects of temporary submersion in water for 30 minutes at 3 feet. On the other
hand, Samsung's phone is rated 8, which offers protection against the effects of
permanent submersion in water up to 13 feet. Clearly, Samsung's flagship is
better equipped to survive under-water. Little wonder then, Apple is being
cautious about the warranty part. It is not the first one to do so either as
Sony has a similar policy on fully submerged phones.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             776 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

How, when and where: Here's everything you need to know about Apple iPhone 7
launch

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 281 words


As the big day is almost upon us, Apple fans across the world are keen to know
everything about the September 7 event and how, when and where to watch it live.

Here's a quick snapshot of the year's biggest smartphone event.

When does it start?

Apple's launch event is scheduled for Wednesday September 7 2016 in San
Francisco, and will start at around 10.30 pm for the people watching the launch
in India.

Where is it happening?

The event will be held at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco.

How does one watch the launch on a Mac?

One of the easiest ways to watch the iPhone 7 launch is by using the Safari
internet browser on a Mac.

For Windows users, Apple has recently made watching its livestreams on Windows
PCs easier, as long as you have Windows 10.

You can use Microsoft's Edge web browser to view the livestream from Apple's
webpage for the event.

Follow the Apple launch via the live blog if you cannot stream it

It's not always possible to watch the livestream video. Apple will be running a
live blog, capturing every development in the event, minute-by-minute.

What are the products from the Apple stable likely to be launched?

New iPhones possibly called the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. The new version of
the Apple Watch is also expected.

What's expected to be new in the iPhone 7 or the new Apple iPhone?

The iPhone 7 is expected to have a dual-rear camera on the Plus version, no
headphone jack and it will be water-proof. Apple is expected to ditch the 16GB
iPhone and the 64GB phone; instead the new iPhone will come in 32,128, and 256GB
versions claim the leaks. New color options are also a possibility.

Follow the live updates here

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             777 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday

How does the iPhone 7 Plus shape up?;
No headphone jack but there's a bigger battery with Apple's latest smartphone

BYLINE: Ciara O'Brien

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 725 words


Apple has got into a pattern of tick-tock updates. One year, it's a redesign of
the handset, the next it's an incremental update. This year, however, the iPhone
7 knocked it out of kilter a little.

Sure, the iPhone 7 has killed off the 16GB version and done away with the
headphone jack, but is there anything that really marks the new handset as
different from its predecessors?

 Outside

 On the outside, there's little to distinguish the iPhone 7 Plus from its
predecessor, unless you opt for one of the new colours - black or jet black,
which is a fingerprint prone glossy finish.

Perhaps the most notable change from the iPhone is the one you can't see but
that people have been asking for for some time: it is now water resistant. The
iPhone 7 Plus comes with an IP67 rating, which means it is dust resistant and
can be submerged in up to one metre of water for up to 30 minutes.

 Inside

 On the whole the physical changes to the iPhone 7 Plus are minimal. On the
inside, it's a different story. The chip is an A10 Fusion, Apple's most powerful
yet.

It has four cores: two high performance, and two high efficiency. If you've got
an iPhone 6, it runs about 40 per cent faster according to Apple's estimates;
it's about 20 per cent faster than the 6s.

The graphics performance has also got a bump, which means if you plan on using
your phone for mobile gaming, you'll be less likely to see the stuttering and
frame rate problems.

 The camera

 The star of the iPhone 7 Plus is the rear-facing dual camera. One is a
wide-angle lens with an f1.8 aperture that will allow more light into your
shots, the other a 56mm zoom lens that gets you closer to the action.

Optical image stabilisation was introduced with the 6 Plus, and has now been
extended to the smaller handset.

The front-facing camera has been bumped up to 7 megapixels from 5 megapixels.
That gives you better resolution for all those selfies, should you need it.
There's still a little softness around the edges, but on the whole the images we
captured were crisp and clean.

 Headphones

 Of course, there is the removal of the headphone jack. On the one hand, you can
see the Apple designers' reason for wanting to ditch it. It takes up space that
can be better used elsewhere, and it means that audio technology can go into the
headphones rather than into the phone, and in theory, we should end up with
better sound as a result.

But on the other hand it also means you can't charge your phone and listen to
music on headphones unless you go for Bluetooth headphones, which aren't
everyone's cup of tea.

So now you are faced with either buying a pair of Lightning headphones that will
only work with your iPhone, investing in wireless headphones, or using the
frankly ugly adapter for your old headphones. The adapter is included for free,
but it is just begging to be lost - I almost lost it three times in the space of
two days - and you won't always have it to hand when you need it.

 Home button

 The headphone jack isn't the only thing to go. Apple has also got rid of the
physical home button, in favour of a touch-sensitive button that gives haptic
feedback.

On the whole, the removal of the click home button isn't that big a deal though.
There is talk that this is preceding the eventual removal of the home button
altogether, leaving the iPhone with an edge to edge display.

 Battery

 The final thing is battery life. That bigger, brighter screen will require a
bit more power and the iPhone 7 Plus delivers. In a few days of testing, the 7
Plus battery lasted a full day of heavy use - although that may deteriorate over
time. For now, it's impressive.

 The good

 The camera is the stand out here. The dual camera system means you can get
closer to the action without having to reply on digital zoom, which is never
worth the effort.

 The not so good

 No audio jack. Yes, we can use Bluetooth headphones, but there are some times
when the audio jack is needed.

 The rest

 The display is about 25 per cent brighter than on its predecessor, and the
iPhone 7 Plus makes the most of the extra screen space.

 The verdict:

 The camera on the iPhone 7 Plus is certainly a good upgrade, particularly for
those who find smartphone cameras sub-par. For those who made the leap to the
iPhone 6s Plus, the iPhone 7 Plus is not an essential buy. But that won't stop
you wanting it anyway. HHHH

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             778 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Phnom Penh Post (Cambodia)

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

iPhone retailers jump on announcement of launch

LENGTH: 380  words


Within hours of Apple's launch of the iPhone 7, local grey market retailers were
already concocting plans to import the eagerly awaited mobile handsets to
Cambodia ahead of its official launch in the Kingdom.

Chhim Sang Heng, owner of Hak Se phone shop in Phnom Penh, said his store was
busy collecting pre-orders for the new model, and would arrange with contacts
overseas to purchase the phones and ship them to Cambodia for resale once
official distribution begins on September 16.

'We've received some orders from our customers already,' he said yesterday.
'Right now, we cannot say how much it will cost, we'll calculate it closer to
the release date.'

Heng estimated that, based on previous experiences flipping iPhone 6 and 6s
models before their official release in Cambodia, he could set a price on the
handsets at around $1,000.

Apple launched its iPhone 7 on Wednesday, announcing that it would begin
delivering its latest generation of the popular smartphone on September 16, with
retail prices starting at $649 for its base model iPhone 7, and $769 for the
iPhone 7 Plus - the same initial prices as its iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

Chhim Cheang, owner of Sok Ly phone shop in Phnom Penh, said he intends to
supply iPhone 7 handsets to the local market within a day of its first
distribution in the US.

'As usual, it will arrive in our market a day after its [US] release,' he said.

Cheang said that based on previous experiences selling iPhone 6s and 6s Plus he
estimates that the base model iPhone 7 will retail in Cambodia for about $1,000
to $1,200 ahead of its official release.

Kao Damaityma, marketing manager of iOne, one of two authorised local resellers
of Apple products, said the official date for the release of the iPhone 7 in
Cambodia had not been set.'We don't know yet which day it will available in
Cambodia market,' she said.

Damaityma said that iOne said it would observe Apple's official release date on
the iPhone, despite the activities of grey market retailers, who typically flip
phones imported through unofficial channels for quick profit.

'It's hard to control to the local market, they can ship iPhone for themselves
to sell in the market, but we are an authorised company,' she said.

'We are waiting to hear from Apple on when it will arrive in our market.'

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 The Phnom Penh Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             779 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                      January 4, 2016 Monday 07:47 AM EST

iPhone 7 rumor rollup: Plus-size & a bite-size smartphones could be around the
corner

BYLINE: Bob Brown

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 519  words


Click for image

The latest rumors about the iPhone 7 include indications that Plus sizes of the
Apple smartphone are here to stay, and that while the iPhone screen won't get
bigger anytime soon, its insides will.

PLUS-SIZE iPHONE 7

What I mean by that is that speculation (via MacRumors and Chinese website
MyDrivers) regarding an iPhone 7 Plus is that the phablet would have the same
5.5-inch screen size as the iPhone 6 Plus, but inside, storage would top out at
256GB vs. today's max of 128GB.

What's more, Apple is reportedly plotting a bigger battery for this September
2016 edition of its smartphone, too. We're talking a 3,100 mAh battery, which
would be about 13% bigger than the one used in the 6S Plus, according to
MacRumors.

Cult of Mac notes that a bigger and longer-lasting battery could obsolete
Apples' new Smart Battery Case almost before it gets any market traction.

As we all know, it's what's on the inside that really counts...

EXCEPT WHEN THE OUTSIDE MATTERS

Apple Insider reports, taking its cue from Taiwan's Commercial Times as well as
from DigiTimes, that a company called Catcher Technologies is said to revamping
the chassis components it supplies Apple to perhaps make the next breed of
iPhones waterproof. As Apple Insider points out, the most recent iPhones do
include improved water resistance over earlier models.

But a redesigned and potentially thinner iPhone that switches out the current
deep headphone jack that's susceptible to water intake for an Apple-designed
Lightning connector could really save your phone the next time you drop it in
the loo or pool or river or...

Forbes makes this interesting observation as well, as concerns the iPhone vs.
Android devices:

Whatever Apple's route, however, the irony that rivals like Samsung had
waterproof devices years ago then ditched the feature to more closely mimic
Apple's design aesthetic will not be lost on many.

Also regarding the outside of new iPhones, Apple is said to be inking deals with
Samsung and LG to gain access to power-efficient and quick refresh AMOLED
display panels for its new phones. But consider that most of these rumors are
pointing to upgrades not seeing the light of day until 2018.

APPLE THINKS SMALL TOO

Rumors persist that Apple is plotting the release of a budget 4-inch iPhone for
those who can't wrap their hands or wallets around the bigger new smartphones
and phablets.

And as with the latest scuttlebutt about the iPhone 7 Plus, word is that Apple
is bolstering the insides of its upcoming small phone. Pocket-lint, citing the
aforementioned MyDrivers site, reports that the iPhone 6C could boast 2GB of RAM
"just like the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus), not to mention a speedy A9
processor.

REVIEWING THE UNREVIEWABLE

This concept video from ConceptsiPhone and SCAVidsHD was snuck under the
Christmas tree just before I left on vacation. It's a review of the iPhone 7
Edge - a non-existent device with a name that obviously borrows from Samsung's
Galaxy Edge products. But that didn't stop these guys from showcasing this
5.5-inch phone with a 2K curved display, A10 chip, surround sound speakers and
more.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             780 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            September 9, 2016 Friday
                                 First Edition

Apple catch-up causes jack flap;
iPhone 7

BYLINE: John Davidson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 714 words


Apple has moved to close the technology gap between the iPhone and its Android
rivals, adding stereo speakers, water resistance, a new "rocketship" processor
and improving the camera in an effort to keep up with the likes of Samsung's
Galaxy S7, Google's Nexus 6 and LG's G5.

At the company's yearly iPhone launch in San Francisco, an event that closed
with a performance by the the Australian singer-songwriter Sia, Apple officials
said they had made 10 major changes to the iPhone 6s to produce the iPhone 7,
while keeping the same basic design of the previous year's model. That's an
unusual step for the company, which tends to overhaul the design of its phones
every two years, but has stuck with the same basic design for three years
running.

Even so, some of the changes are major. As expected, the company has taken the
controversial step of removing the headphone jack from the iPhone 7 to make way
for new stereo speakers, similar to the stereo speakers already found on Android
phones such as the Nexus 6.

It has also replaced the mechanical home button on the front of the phone with
an electronic one that mimics a mechanical button, opening the way for apps to
use the button as another form of user feedback. Such a button, based on work
Apple has done with the Apple Watch and with the trackpads on certain MacBooks,
is one of the few new features that doesn't already exist in the Android world.

And as expected, the larger version of the iPhone, known as the iPhone 7 Plus,
will come with two lenses built into its camera, one wide angle and one
telephoto. Aping the technology that LG introduced earlier in the year with its
G5 Android phone, the two lenses can work in concert, allowing users to
seamlessly zoom in and out of scenes, with the phone automatically selecting
which lens to use depending on the amount of zoom the user has selected.

Later this year the new 12-megapixel rear camera on the iPhone 7 Plus will also
use the two cameras to create a 3D depth map, which can be used to artificially
create a shallow depth of field where the subject of a photo is in sharp focus
and the background is out of focus, helping to emphasise the subject.

That's another feature which has been in a number of Android phones for several
years.

Removing the headphone jack from the iPhone 7, which was widely rumoured ahead
of the announcement, is bound to "tick off" a lot of customers, said Apple
co-founder Steve Wozniak in an interview with The Australian Financial Review
ahead of the launch.

With the headphone jack gone, the phone will come with a new pair of earbuds
that attach to the USB connector, known as the Lightning port. iPhone 7 owners
who wish to use existing headphones will have to use an adaptor that connects a
3.5-millimetre headphone jack to the Lightning port. And because the port is
also used to charge the phone, it may not be possible to use plugged-in
headphones at the same time.

Apple officials described their move as "courageous", while deriding headphone
jacks as "ancient" technology. To help ease the pain associated with the removal
of the headphone jack, Apple also announced a pair of wireless headphones known
as the AirPods that work with the iPhone.

The earphones, which will operate over Bluetooth and feature built-in noise
cancellation, will have a five-hour battery life, and will be stored in a case
that can recharge them for up to 24 hours of usage. The AirPods will sell for
$229 when they go on sale in Australia in late October.

Meanwhile, a new processor in the iPhone 7, known as the A10 Fusion chip, will
use a "big/little" core design (something already common on Android phones),
which will employ two power-efficient cores for simple tasks, and two, more
powerful, cores for more demanding tasks, extending the phone's battery life.
Apple said the high-performance cores would be up to twice as fast as the
processor in the iPhone 6, and that the two high-efficiency ones would run at
just one-fifth the power of the high-performance cores.

The new phone will come in the colours silver, gold, rose gold, black and jet
black.

Pre-orders for the phone will begin on September 9, with prices starting at
$1079 for the 32-gigabyte model of the iPhone and $1269 for the iPhone 7 Plus.

The phone will be available on September 16.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Apple chief executive Tim Cook shows performer Maddie Ziegler
the iPhone 7 at the San Francisco event. PHOTO: AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             781 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                                 August 3, 2016

Apple iPhone 8 Sales Seen Rising 20% Over Upcoming iPhone 7

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: CLICK

LENGTH: 316 words


http://www.investors.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/IT23_aapl_080316_company.jpg

While Apple's (AAPL) upcoming iPhone 7 could post a small increase over the
current iPhone 6S series, sales of next year's iPhone 8 could jump close to 20%
over the iPhone 7, UBS analyst Steven Milunovich said Wednesday.

Milunovich increased his iPhone unit sales estimates for both the iPhone 7 and
iPhone 8.

He raised his fiscal 2017 iPhone unit sales estimate to 222 million from 207
million and fiscal 2018 estimate to 264 million from 240 million. He is
predicting iPhone unit sales growth of 5% for fiscal 2017, which starts Sept.
25, and 18% for fiscal 2018.

IBD'S TAKE: Apple stock has an IBD Composite Rating of 34, putting it near the
bottom third for performance vs. other stocks in key metrics over the last 12
months. For a list of top-performing stocks, check out the IBD 50.

Apple is expected to release its iPhone 7 in mid-September. It is rumored to be
an incremental upgrade with bigger changes to the design happening with next
year's handset.

"We have higher confidence in at least some growth for the iPhone 7," Milunovich
said in a research report Wednesday.

He raised his earnings-per-share estimate for fiscal 2017 to $9 from $8.90 and
for fiscal 2018 to $10.80 from $10.40.

"This is the first time in a while we have increased estimates, suggesting
potential for further stock gains," Milunovich said. "We continue to see limited
downside (for Apple stock) given low valuation, especially when the cash balance
and fact that Apple reports GAAP earnings are taken into account. However, we
doubt there are sufficient catalysts yet for a substantial move up."

Milunovich rates Apple stock as buy with a 12-month price target of 115.

Apple rose 1.3% to 105.79 on the stock market today.

RELATED:

Samsung Debuts New Phablet, Takes Shots At Apple iPhone

Apple Only Top-5 Smartphone Vendor To Lose Share In Q2

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             782 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 10:28 AM GMT

iPhone 7 HissGate: Apple customers report hearing hissing sounds coming from
their new iPhones;
If you've just bought an iPhone 7, you may be alarmed to hear that some people
are reporting hissing sounds coming from the new devices

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 308 words


If you've just forked out for an expensive piece of gadgetry, the last thing you
expect is to hear it hissing at you.

But that's what some Apple customers are reporting, after getting their hands on
the brand new iPhone 7.

First noticed by Stephen Hackett of 512 Pixels , the iPhone 7 seems to make a
noticeable hissing sound while under heavy load.

Hackett uploaded a video to YouTube with a recording of the sound, which is
similar to that of white noise, or the hiss you get from a poorly connected
speaker.

Hackett's complaints have been corroborated by others, including former Apple PR
person and current TechCrunch writer Darrell Etherington .

Etherington said he noticed the hiss while his iPhone 7 Plus was going through
the setup process.

It's unclear how widespread the issue is, or which components of the phone may
be responsible for the bizarre sound.

Although it sounds similar to a laptop fan, there are no moving parts inside the
iPhone 7 that would be capable of generating this sort of noise.

However, the general consensus is that the hiss is somehow related to Apple's
new A10 Fusion processor, due to the fact that it can only be heard when the
device is under heavy load.

Hackett said AppleCare told him to visit an Apple Store to get the phone
replaced - suggesting it could genuinely be a manufacturing error.

The trouble is, with both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus being in high demand, he will
most likely have to wait several weeks for a replacement.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus went on sale on Friday , September 16, featuring
improved processors, cameras and battery life.

Despite Apple nixing the headphone jack, the early smattering of reviews have
been largely positive.

Demand for the new gadgets appears to be extremely high, with both the new "jet
black" model and the larger iPhone 7 Plus selling out before they even hit the
shelves.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             783 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 10:28 AM GMT

iPhone 7 HissGate: Apple customers report hissing and buzzing sounds coming from
their new iPhones;
If you've just bought an iPhone 7, you may be alarmed to hear that some people
are reporting hissing sounds coming from the new devices

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 308 words


If you've just forked out for an expensive piece of gadgetry, the last thing you
expect is to hear it hissing at you.

But that's what some Apple customers are reporting, after getting their hands on
the brand new iPhone 7.

First noticed by Stephen Hackett of 512 Pixels , the iPhone 7 seems to make a
noticeable hissing sound while under heavy load.

Hackett uploaded a video to YouTube with a recording of the sound, which is
similar to that of white noise, or the hiss you get from a poorly connected
speaker.

Hackett's complaints have been corroborated by others, including former Apple PR
person and current TechCrunch writer Darrell Etherington .

Etherington said he noticed the hiss while his iPhone 7 Plus was going through
the setup process.

It's unclear how widespread the issue is, or which components of the phone may
be responsible for the bizarre sound.

Although it sounds similar to a laptop fan, there are no moving parts inside the
iPhone 7 that would be capable of generating this sort of noise.

However, the general consensus is that the hiss is somehow related to Apple's
new A10 Fusion processor, due to the fact that it can only be heard when the
device is under heavy load.

Hackett said AppleCare told him to visit an Apple Store to get the phone
replaced - suggesting it could genuinely be a manufacturing error.

The trouble is, with both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus being in high demand, he will
most likely have to wait several weeks for a replacement.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus went on sale on Friday , September 16, featuring
improved processors, cameras and battery life.

Despite Apple nixing the headphone jack, the early smattering of reviews have
been largely positive.

Demand for the new gadgets appears to be extremely high, with both the new "jet
black" model and the larger iPhone 7 Plus selling out before they even hit the
shelves.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             784 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday
                                 Delhi Edition

iPhone 7 Orders Rise After Note 7 Recall

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: COMPANIES: PURSUIT OF PROFIT

LENGTH: 494 words


Advance bookings for the Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have already surged 50% at
retail stores in India compared with the run up to the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus
launch last year, industry executives said.

They cited the models' innovative features and a delay in the local launch of
competitor Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 for the surge in bookings. These booking are
happening even before Apple officially start taking orders on October 1.

The Cupertino, California-based company is trying to double its launch inventory
in India to meet higher demand and make the most of the Note 7 debacle -Samsung
recalled the model worldwide after incidents of its battery catching fire.

Samsung is, meanwhile, expediting the launch of the new Note 7, which may hit
the Indian market around September 28-30.

India is one of the first countries to receive the rectified device, in an
attempt by the So

uth Korean major to be ahead of the new iPhone launch on October 7.

Samsung has announced the re-launch of the new Galaxy Note 7 in South Korea on
September 28.

The company has plans to start a consumer trust campaign to highlight the safety
of the

Note 7 in India, the executives said.

\x93The delay in Note 7 launch is a major setback for Samsung, but the
Apple-Samsung war is far from over this festive season.

The Apple India team wants to go all out and make the most of the

scenario, while Samsung wants to ensure relaunch of the Note 7 a few days in
advance to the new iPhones,\x93 one of the executives said.

Trade officials said despite the fact that there has been minimal cancellation
for pre-booked Note 7 devices in India, fresh enquiries have nosedived, so the
company is contemp

lating a campaign.

Meanwhile, Samsung India's plea to the Directorate General of Civil Aviation
(DGCA) to lift a ban on the use the Note 7 on flights has been turned down.

India is among several countries that put restrictions on the use of the phone
on flights citing potential fire hazard.

\x93Samsung's plea was on back of the logic

that it had still not launched the device in India. But DGCA has informed that
it will follow the directive of (US regulator) Federal Aviation Administration.
In addition, it would also want a written-declaration on the safety of the
devices in India,\x93 said an official.

While Apple India declined to comment, an email sent to Samsung India did not
elicit any response until press time on Monday.

Apple is trying to organise adequate stock of the new iPhones with jet-black
colour which received maximum advance bookings and enquiries.

The highest demand is for the 32 GB variant of the Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus in jet black colour. The iPhone 7 is priced '60,00080,000, while the iPhone
7 Plus costs '72,000'92,000.

\x93Among the two, iPhone 7 demand is higher since Indian consumers find the
size and price more appealing. While Apple is globally facing a shortage of the
jet black colour, the India team is trying to build adequate supplies,\x93 one
of them said.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             785 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 10:28 AM GMT

iPhone 7 HissGate: Apple customers report hissing and buzzing sounds coming from
their new iPhones;
If you've just bought an iPhone 7, you may be alarmed to hear that some people
are reporting hissing sounds coming from the new devices

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 309 words


If you've just forked out for an expensive piece of gadgetry, the last thing you
expect is for it to start hissing at you.

But that's what some Apple customers are reporting, after getting their hands on
the brand new iPhone 7.

First noticed by Stephen Hackett of 512 Pixels , the iPhone 7 seems to make a
noticeable hissing sound while under heavy load.

Hackett uploaded a video to YouTube with a recording of the sound, which is
similar to that of white noise or the hiss you get from a poorly connected
speaker.

Hackett's complaints have been corroborated by others, including former Apple PR
person and current TechCrunch writer Darrell Etherington .

Etherington said he noticed the hiss while his iPhone 7 Plus was going through
the setup process.

It's unclear how widespread the issue is, or which components of the phone may
be responsible for the bizarre sound.

Although it sounds similar to a laptop fan, there are no moving parts inside the
iPhone 7 that would be capable of generating this sort of noise.

However, the general consensus is that the hiss is somehow related to Apple's
new A10 Fusion processor, due to the fact that it only emerges when the device
is under heavy load.

Hackett said AppleCare told him to visit an Apple Store to get the phone
replaced - suggesting it could genuinely be a manufacturing error.

The trouble is, with the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus being both new and in high demand,
he will most likely have to wait several weeks for a replacement.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus went on sale on Friday , September 16, featuring better
processors, cameras and battery life.

Despite Apple nixing the headphone jack, the early smattering of reviews have
been largely positive.

Demand for the new gadgets appears to be extremely high, with both the new "jet
black" model and the larger iPhone 7 Plus selling out before they even hit the
shelves .

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             786 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                dailypost.co.uk

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 10:04 AM GMT

iPhone 7 launch: Seven things to expect from the latest Apple phone;
Apple is holding its annual launch event today when the iPhone 7 is expected to
be unveiled

BYLINE: By Owen Hughes

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 308 words


Apple is holding its annual launch event today where the new iPhone 7 is
expected to be revealed.

The tech rumour mill has been running at fever pitch about possible new iPhone
features and gadgetry since they sent out invitations last week.

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm UK).

Samsung suspends Galaxy Note 7 smartphone sales over exploding battery fears

From sources and leaks in the tech industry these seven features and details are
expected to be announced today.

There will be five colours to choose from, including two new options of Dark
Black and Piano Black. Space Grey will be removed from the line-up.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours.

How much are Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge tariffs? Prices revealed for the new
smartphone as it goes on sale today

These additions should improve image quality.

A well known tech blogger claims to have pinned down the release date to Friday
September 16.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

4G mast will bring better North Wales mobile coverage...but could hit YOUR
television signal

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

There are reports that Apple will remove the headphone jack from the new iPhone
and use the Lightning port instead.

Reports suggest that the iPhone 7 will be powered by Apple's new A10 chip
offering a maximum speed of 2.4 GHz.

Which mobile network is NOW best for 4G in North Wales?

The pain and expense of dropping an iPhone down the toilet could be a thing of
the past, as it is understood the upcoming iPhone 7 will be water resistant.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDPNM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             787 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The National

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple iPhone 7 unveiled: All you need to know

BYLINE: John Everington

LENGTH: 1061  words


John Everington

Apple needed to pull out a winner yesterday with the unveiling of the iPhone 7
and 7 Plus, following two consecutive quarters of falling iPhone sales, and a
resurgent Samsung sweeping all before it with the Galaxy S7 range and the
impressive (albeit occasionally exploding) Note 7.

The first impression from the company's San Francisco launch event is that the
company has done more than enough to keep the Apple faithful happy, especially
with the larger iPhone 7 Plus.

In truth, Tim Cook had most of us tech journalists in the palm of his hand right
from the moment he brought out Nintendo's iconic game producer Shigeru Miyamoto
to announce the launch of Super Mario Run, the legendary plumber's first
appearance on a smartphone, available on iPhones and iPads toward the end of the
year.

But the new 4.9-inch iPhone 7 and 5.5-inch 7 Plus, while not offering a major
design overhaul, boast an impressive range of upgrades across several functions,
including their displays, audio quality, battery life, and, above all, cameras.
And that's before you get to the "bold" move to do away with the traditional
headphone socket.

Design wise, the form factor of the new iPhone 7 range looks pretty similar to
that of the 6 and 6S, with the absence of the white band below the camera lens
on the rear the only apparent difference noticeable from screenshots.

The big change however comes with the new darker "jet black" shade, which comes
in an all-new glossy finish. For those who aren't fussed by such an effect (I
mean, you're going to put in a case anyway), it's also available in a more
standard matte black, along with silver, gold, and, of course, rose gold / pink.

But if the changes in design aren't anything to write home about, Apple is to be
commended for virtually every other change - both small tweaks and bold steps -
that it has brought to the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

________________________

o iPhone 7 pre-orders in the UAE through du and Etisalat - click here

________________________

Apple has brought in water and dust resistance, following Samsung's lead with
the Galaxy S7 and Note (not to mention Sony's several years ago). The iPhone 7's
speakers are now stereo, and hopefully bring the iPhone in line with the
brilliant audio of the iPad Pro and Macbook.

There's also the Retina HD display that claims to be 25 per cent brighter than
the 6S range, and the upgraded, touch sensitive home button.

Battery life has apparently also been improved, with Apple boasting of up to 40
hours of wireless audio streaming and 14 hours of Wi-Fi browsing for the 7,
rising to 60 and 15 respectively for the 7 Plus.

Such upgrades are welcome, but arguably not particularly game changing in the
overall scheme of things. The same cannot be said however for the upgrades to
the camera and headphone systems.

The iPhone 7's 12MP rear camera has a wider aperture, six-element lens, and a
larger sensor; optical image stabilisation, previously confined the Plus range,
now standard across all models. This all promises to boost camera performance
across the board, especially in low light conditions, although it remains to be
seen whether the impressive images on display in San Francisco can be replicated
on the streets and malls of Abu Dhabi and Dubai.

More significant is the introduction on the iPhone 7 Plus of a second, telephoto
lens (as already seen on the LG G5) with a 2x optical zoom, a relative rarity on
a smartphone, as well as a 10x digital zoom.

Most impressive of all however is Depth, an upcoming feature on the 7 Plus, that
works with both lenses in tandem to offer impressive depth of field control
(allowing for pictures for sharply focussed subjects and blurred backgrounds)
usually only seen on DSLR cameras.

It's a feature that's been tried by a handful of smartphones before, but one
that appears, at first glance, significantly more intuitive and powerful on the
iPhone 7 Plus. It's just a shame that it's not available on its smaller cousin
as well

And so, finally, to the boldest / most controversial change of all, Apple's
decision to ditch the 3.5mm headphone jack. The iPhone 7 isn't the first device
to take this approach - the Oppo R5 did away with it last year - but it's an
unprecedented move for a high-end smartphone.

Apple claims the 3.5mm headphone connector is an old technology, and removing
the jack makes the phone thinner (just 7.1 mm) and frees up space for other
components. And for those who are still using traditional wired headphones,
there's an adaptor in the box for no extra charge.

Despite the inclusion of the adaptor, the lack of traditional headphone
connector is going to put a lot of people off. But the shift towards wireless
headphones has been well underway for some time across a number of price points,
from Samsung's free floating Icon X earbuds to the Bose's superb QC35 headset.

Lest we forget, Apple has mercilessly cut back its connections and drives in the
past, with most of them barely missed a few months later (when did you last use
a DVD in your laptop?). The lack of headphones might be a pain in the
short-term, but you get the feeling in the long term it will become an
increasingly standard move.

Apple will begin taking pre-orders for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus from September 9,
with the handsets going on sale from September 16 in 28 countries, including the
UAE.

The iPhone 7 will be available from Dh2,599 for the 32GB version (rising to a
massive 256GB), while the 7 Plus is expected to retail from around Dh2,999.

Both will come pre-loaded with iOS 10, Apple's newest operating system, which
offers enhanced voice control following an upgrade to Siri, more advanced
lockscreen options, and more controls for the connected home via Apple HomeKit.

As always, Apple's bold claims for its new handsets need a little real world
testing to be properly assessed. Will the iPhone 7 "Jet Black" finish turn out
to be little more than a fingerprint magnet? Will the camera perform as well as
those of the Samsung Galaxy S7 or LG G5? And will the headphones adaptor make
things unnecessarily fiddly?

At the end of the day, I'm very eager to put the iPhone 7 through its paces. If
its upgraded camera performs as promised, and if even half of Apple's other
boasts are proved correct, the company will once again have produced the premium
smartphone by which all others are judged.

jeverington@thenational.ae

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 818


                     Copyright 2016 Abu Dhabi Media Company
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             788 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday

iPhone 7 32GB writes data 8 times slower, according to latest test

LENGTH: 329  words


If you're looking for better performance from an iPhone 7, then it's better that
you do not invest money in the 32GB version of the phone

The last time tests were carried out using the 32GB version of Apple's iPhone 7,
it showed that the smartphone was actually slower than the 64GB version of last
year's iPhone 6s, which goes to show that Apple could be using slower flash
memory chips inside the base model of its iPhone 7. Now, popular YouTuber Lou
from Unbox Therapy has decided to take the iPhone 7 32GB model for another test
and while the results may appear different, they still do not change their
stance on the fact that the 32GB model is indeed a slower version.

In the video-based test, the free PerformanceTest Mobile app is used to test the
devices, and both the 32GB iPhone 7 and a 128GB iPhone 7 are used. While both
devices have near similar read speeds, with the 32GB model reading at 656MB per
second and the 128GB model reading at 856MB per second, the biggest difference
arises when the different models' write speeds pop up.

In these tests, 128GB model easily swoops past its 32GB counterpart as it is
able to write data at a speed of 341MB per second. Unfortunately, the base model
of iPhone 7 doesn't even come close to that speed, as the 32GB flash memory is
only able to write data at 42MB per second, confirming that the smartphone
writes data nearly 8 times slower than the higher capacity model.

Flash memory has an issue that it slows down the entire device if there is
limited storage available to the user. You will obviously need more storage for
future software updates, so we highly recommend that if you are on the lookout
for an iPhone 7, then do not purchase the 32GB storage model. Instead, do
yourself a favor, and purchase the 128GB model, since that is the best possible
model that you can purchase right now. If you like to carry your entire
collection of music and movies, then you'll naturally upgrade to the 256GB
storage model.

Source

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             789 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Apple iPhone 7 orders rise after Samsung Note 7 debacle

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 500 words


KOLKATA: Advance bookings for the Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have already surged
50% at retail stores in India compared with the run up to the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus launch last year, industry executives said.

They cited the models' innovative features and a delay in the local launch of
competitor Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 for the surge in bookings. These booking are
happening even before Apple officially start taking orders on October 1.

The Cupertino, California-based company is trying to double its launch inventory
in India to meet higher demand and make the most of the Note 7 debacle - Samsung
recalled the model worldwide after incidents of its battery catching fire.

Samsung is, meanwhile, expediting the launch of the new Note 7, which may hit
the Indian market around September 28-30.

India is one of the first countries to receive the rectified device, in an
attempt by the South Korean major to be ahead of the new iPhone launch on
October 7.

Samsung has announced the re-launch of the new Galaxy Note 7 in South Korea on
September 28.

The company has plans to start a consumer trust campaign to highlight the safety
of the Note 7 in India, the executives said.

"The delay in Note 7 launch is a major setback for Samsung, but the
Apple-Samsung war is far from over this festive season.

The Apple India team wants to go all out and make the most of the scenario,
while Samsung wants to ensure relaunch of the Note 7 a few days in advance to
the new iPhones," one of the executives said.

Trade officials said despite the fact that there has been minimal cancellation
for pre-booked Note 7 devices in India, fresh enquiries have nosedived, so the
company is contemplating a campaign.

Meanwhile, Samsung India's plea to the Directorate General of Civil Aviation
(DGCA) to lift a ban on the use the Note 7 on flights has been turned down.

India is among several countries that put restrictions on the use of the phone
on flights citing potential fire hazard.

"Samsung's plea was on back of the logic that it had still not launched the
device in India. But DGCA has informed that it will follow the directive of (US
regulator) Federal Aviation Administration. In addition, it would also want a
written-declaration on the safety of the devices in India," said an official.

While Apple India declined to comment, an email sent to Samsung India did not
elicit any response until press time on Monday. Apple is trying to organise
adequate stock of the new iPhones with jet-black colour which received maximum
advance bookings and enquiries.

The highest demand is for the 32 GB variant of the Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus in jet black colour. The iPhone 7 is priced Rs 60,000-80,000, while the
iPhone 7 Plus costs Rs 72,000-Rs 92,000.

"Among the two, iPhone 7 demand is higher since Indian consumers find the size
and price more appealing. While Apple is globally facing a shortage of the jet
black colour, the India team is trying to build adequate supplies," one of them
said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             790 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Apple iPhone 7 orders rise after Samsung Note 7 debacle

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 500 words


KOLKATA: Advance bookings for the Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have already surged
50% at retail stores in India compared with the run up to the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus launch last year, industry executives said.

They cited the models' innovative features and a delay in the local launch of
competitor Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 for the surge in bookings. These booking are
happening even before Apple officially start taking orders on October 1.

The Cupertino, California-based company is trying to double its launch inventory
in India to meet higher demand and make the most of the Note 7 debacle - Samsung
recalled the model worldwide after incidents of its battery catching fire.

Samsung is, meanwhile, expediting the launch of the new Note 7, which may hit
the Indian market around September 28-30.

India is one of the first countries to receive the rectified device, in an
attempt by the South Korean major to be ahead of the new iPhone launch on
October 7.

Samsung has announced the re-launch of the new Galaxy Note 7 in South Korea on
September 28.

The company has plans to start a consumer trust campaign to highlight the safety
of the Note 7 in India, the executives said.

"The delay in Note 7 launch is a major setback for Samsung, but the
Apple-Samsung war is far from over this festive season.

The Apple India team wants to go all out and make the most of the scenario,
while Samsung wants to ensure relaunch of the Note 7 a few days in advance to
the new iPhones," one of the executives said.

Trade officials said despite the fact that there has been minimal cancellation
for pre-booked Note 7 devices in India, fresh enquiries have nosedived, so the
company is contemplating a campaign.

Meanwhile, Samsung India's plea to the Directorate General of Civil Aviation
(DGCA) to lift a ban on the use the Note 7 on flights has been turned down.

India is among several countries that put restrictions on the use of the phone
on flights citing potential fire hazard.

"Samsung's plea was on back of the logic that it had still not launched the
device in India. But DGCA has informed that it will follow the directive of (US
regulator) Federal Aviation Administration. In addition, it would also want a
written-declaration on the safety of the devices in India," said an official.

While Apple India declined to comment, an email sent to Samsung India did not
elicit any response until press time on Monday. Apple is trying to organise
adequate stock of the new iPhones with jet-black colour which received maximum
advance bookings and enquiries.

The highest demand is for the 32 GB variant of the Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus in jet black colour. The iPhone 7 is priced Rs 60,000-80,000, while the
iPhone 7 Plus costs Rs 72,000-Rs 92,000.

"Among the two, iPhone 7 demand is higher since Indian consumers find the size
and price more appealing. While Apple is globally facing a shortage of the jet
black colour, the India team is trying to build adequate supplies," one of them
said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             791 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                       May 17, 2016 Tuesday 09:55 AM EST

iPhone 7 said to be 'more complex' than previous models

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 376  words


Click for image

In a general sense, it appears that Apple's effort to double down on product
secrecy is paying off. The fact is, it's already mid-May, and we truthfully
don't know all that much about the iPhone 7. Sure, we've seen a few reports pass
through the rumor mill, but many of those reports seemingly contradict one
another, a situation that inevitably brings us back to square one.

While it's widely assumed that the iPhone 7 will sport the same form factor as
the iPhone 6s and won't be a blockbuster device, a new report out of Taiwan via
CNBC intimates that Apple's next-gen iPhone may be more interesting than most
people anticipate.

According to the Economic Daily News, the iPhone 7 is "more complex than
previous models," which has led Apple's top two suppliers-Foxconn and
Pegatron-to begin their annual round of iPhone-based hiring one month earlier
than usual.

Taiwan's Economic Daily News reported on Tuesday that Foxconn, which is also
known as Hon Hai Precision Industry, and Pegatron, another Apple supplier, had
ramped up hiring as they prepared to assemble the newest model iPhones.

The report noted that hiring at both suppliers had kicked off their recruitment
seasons at least a month earlier than in previous years in which Apple has
launched new iPhones and that it was the first time in two years that Foxconn
had started recruiting on the mainland as early as May.

It's important to note that a more complex manufacturing process could refer to
any number of things. For instance, it may mean that the internal components of
the iPhone 7 are vastly more complex. For the optimists among us, it may mean
that Apple-contrary to most rumors we've seen-will, in fact, release a
completely new iPhone form factor later this year.

It's also worth mentioning that two iPhone 7 rumors we've seen-a dual camera
system and a waterproof design-may also be factors in the decidedly more complex
manufacturing process.

Either way, Apple has never been a company to rest on its laurels and simply
bask in the glow of its past successes. So, while some industry analysts believe
we've reached peak iPhone, such proclamations seem decidedly too premature,
especially in light of rumors that a curved OLED iPhone may be just around the
corner in 2017.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             792 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Apple iPhone 7 units reportedly dispatched for global shipment

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 319 words


NEW DELHI: With the Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus launch just hours away,
some 3,70,000 units have reportedly made their way out of Foxconn. They would
reach a number of anticipated tier 1 countries. According to ITHome website, the
devices are reaching out to UK, The Netherlands, Italy, and the US.It is also
assumed that since one of the first batches has been shipped for global users,
there might be more leaked images and rumours popping up in the next few
hours.It was recently reported that Apple hiked the production volume of the
iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus smartphones.

The company ordered a 10% increase in parts and components for the two handsets.
Apple had originally expected the new iPhone shipments in 2016 to reach only 60%
as compared to that recorded last year.Apple's iPhone 6s shipments had hit 30
million units a month on an average in the later half of 2015. It is being
assumed that the production volume was increased due to a positive response from
analysts.Apple has already sent out media invites for its September 7 event,
where it will be launching the iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus (and possibly the Apple
Watch 2) devices. Apple enthusiasts in India can watch the livestream of the
event starting at 10:30PM on Wednesday, September 7 2016. The livestream can be
watched on all devices running version the iOS 7.0 or above, Mac computers with
the OS X v10.8.5 or above, and Safari version 6.0.6 or more.Windows users can
watch the event on their Windows 10 PCs, via the Microsoft Edge browser.
Interestingly, until now users had to view the live stream of the event on
devices running the company's mobile or desktop OS only. Subsequently, Apple
opened up the ability to view the livestream on Windows 10 PCs in September
2015.(All of the above information is speculative as nothing has been revealed
officially about the iPhone 7 by Apple so far)

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             793 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      September 7, 2015 Monday 3:02 PM GMT

iPhone 6s rumoured to feature pressure-sensitive 3D Touch Display - and it could
make you better at FIFA;
Is Apple feeling the pressure? The new display on the iPhone 6s will be able to
tell how hard you press, say experts

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 733 words


Apple will be introducing a "3D Touch Display" when it reveals the
highly-anticipated iPhone 6s later this week, according to new rumours.

The screen will be able to differentiate between three different levels of
pressure: a tap, a press and a prolonged press.

Experts suggest it is a revamped version of the same "Force Touch" technology
used in the Apple Watch and new Macbook computer.

It will mean app developers can build extra functionality into their programs or
games.

Imagine playing FIFA and being able to control the power of your shot or pass
with how hard you press down on the screen.

According to Apple site 9to5Mac, the 3D Touch name comes from the screen's
ability to sense three separate dimensions of pressure, compared to just two.

Have your say in our new comments section below

Apple is also believed to be making the body of the new iPhone stronger -
avoiding the "bendgate" criticism it has faced in the past.

Something that could be even more important if we're pressing our phones even
harder.

Here's a round up of all the other iPhone 6s intelligence we've gleaned so far:

If the rumours of a smaller, cheaper iPhone 6C are true then it's unlikely that
Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than past models.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6 - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

We'll see it officially revealed on September 9.

Both the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 5s were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy. It will look to take advantage of Black Friday
sales and the run up to Christmas.

Alongside the iPhone 6s, Apple is also expected to reveal the iPhone 6S Plus and
potentially an iPhone 6C .

Expect this phone to be a snapper's delight, with a 12 megapixel camera and the
ability to shoot 4K video.

It will probably include a front-facing camera flash - something currently
unavailable on any existing model of iPhone.

Hamza tweet 1

In terms of design, the iPhone 6 was a big change from the iPhone 5S and it's
unlikely Apple will redesign the appearance two years running.

Having said that, both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the
Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

And yet, the latest set of rumours suggest that Apple will be introducing a
brand new colour into the mix. We're expecting the usual space grey, silver and
gold options but how about...pink?

A set of images appearing on Chinese social media appear to show a fully-formed
2015 iPhone with a pink case.

Apple usually refers to this colour as "Rose Gold" when it's talking about the
Apple Watch - so it could be producing this new version of the iPhone to match
its smartwatch.

Screen size is perhaps the most contentious issue. Some rumours have suggested
Apple will reveal three handsets this year , each with a different screen size.

Alongside the 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch upgrades to the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, some
rumours have suggested a smaller iPhone 6C could be revealed with a 4-inch
screen.

If true, it would give Apple a "budget" option to appeal to those who don't want
to fork out for the larger phones.

Because the new iPhone will arrive with Apple's iOS 9 software and an upgraded
processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to a report from Reuters , Apple's arch-nemesis Samsung will be
responsible for building 75% of the new processor.

Likely to be called the A9 chip, the new beating heart of the iPhone will be
smaller than the previous iteration - allowing engineers to cram even more
transistors onto the silicone.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.

So far, Apple has resisted updating the random-access memory (RAM) of its
smartphones, but some sources expect the new model to have at least 2GB of RAM
on the clock.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             794 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             coventrytelegraph.net

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 4:47 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Where to get the best deals with up to £115 cashback discount;
Eagerly-anticipated smartphone is available to pre-order from Friday, September
9

BYLINE: By James Rodger

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 216 words


With Apple launching their highly anticipated iPhone 7, consumers may be
wondering how to get their hands on the new phone, at the best price.

The iPhone 7 was launched on Wednesday, at an event streamed live across the
world from San Francisco.

The new smartphone, which is eagerly anticipated by tech fans across Coventry
and Warwickshire, boasts an array of new features and colours.

Apple supremo Tim Cook revealed that the new phone will be available to
pre-order on Friday, September 9.

If you decide to buy the phone outright, the iPhone 7 will be available from a
starting price of £599 for the cheapest 32GB option.

iPhone 7: How much does it cost and how do I pre-order in the UK?

The 128GB version is £699 and the 256GB version will set you back an
eye-watering £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus, meanwhile, will cost £719 at the cheapest level,
followed by a 128GB model at £819, and then a 256GB variant costing an
unbelievable £919 in the UK.

Those looking to pre-order the handset can snap up the following cashback deals
from TopCashback.co.uk.

We've compiled some of the best iPhone 7 deals from TopCashback.co.uk below.

People simply need to click through TopCashback.co.uk to the retailer, to get
the cashback on their iPhone 7 contract.

iPhone 7 launch: where to get the best deals with cashback

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBET


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             795 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           August 24, 2016 Wednesday

iPhone 6SE shown on retail packaging of upcoming iPhone, no iPhone 7 name to be
adopted?

LENGTH: 372  words


The upcoming iPhone 7 might not be called iPhone 7 at all, because the retail
packaging shows the name iPhone 6SE printed

The name iPhone 6SE has been ringing in our ears ever since a leak came through
detailing that the name iPhone 7 could be used for the 2017 family instead of
the one that's going to be announced in September. To be fair, there aren't a
whole lot of differences that you'll be able to find between iPhone 6SE and
iPhone 6s, especially if you place both smartphones right next to each other and
start to examine them from the outside.

The two images of the iPhone's retail packaging shows the 64GB model, with the
printed name shown as iPhone 6SE. The level of professionalism is clearly absent
from the printing, as it's haphazardly written, but if Apple was going to choose
the name iPhone 6SE, it would be due to lack of major differences, and not
because of anything else.

The insides of iPhone 6SE include the powerful A10 chipset. This iPhone is also
expected to feature a larger battery capacity than its predecessor by 14
percent, making the total come to a 1,960mAh cell. While the overall capacity is
still less than the 2,000mAh mark, the improved chipset's processor design
coupled with an improved operating system should allow the user to get more
battery life out of the handset.

One of the things that we are looking forward to the most is the storage upgrade
and larger battery capacity. Apple's upcoming flagship iPhone is said to feature
a maximum storage capacity model of 256GB and will feature a battery capacity of
3,100mAh battery. If the rumors are true, then it looks like Apple is getting
real serious about internal storage and battery capacity, and this might also
mark the day when we no longer see the 16GB storage option anymore.

3D Touch is definitely going to be retained, but one of the most interesting
changes that can come from an iPhone 6SE is the removal of the 3.5mm headphone
jack. With many manufacturers inclined to remove the old connector, it does
present a great deal of complications, especially when you have a whole family
of audio products that use this type of connector. Let us hope that Apple
provides us with a worthy upgrade during the month of September.

Source

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             796 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 3, 2016 Saturday 10:45 AM GMT

iPhone 7 probably won't have a headphone socket but don't panic - Beats has a
solution;
Beats could be planning to unveil some new headphones at Apple's iPhone launch
event next week

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 319 words


The iPhone 7 launch event is only a few days away, and it's now looking almost
certain that the new phone will come without a headphone socket .

But don't panic! It's very unlikely that Apple will let you go without access to
music - particularly given the growth of its highly lucrative streaming service,
Apple Music .

There's already a huge amount of speculation about what headphones Apple will
bundle with the iPhone 7 - ranging from wireless "AirPods" to EarPods that use a
Lightning port connector.

There's even some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will come with a
Lightning-to-headphone-jack adapter in the box.

However, don't forget that Apple now owns headphone maker Beats Electronics,
after buying the company for $3 billion in 2014.

The latest rumour suggests that Beats may be providing the solution to iPhone
users' woes.

iPhone 7 could give Apple fans one very big reason to upgrade

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

iPhone 7 Plus leaked video appears to confirm dual lens camera and NO headphone
jack

The question is, will other headphone makers be forced to release special models
with a lightning connection too? While an adaptor may provide a temporary
solution, many have pointed out it could easily be lost.

Apple is expected to unveil its iPhone 7 at an event in San Francisco on
September 7. For all the latest rumours, check out our full round-up here .

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             797 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

ROTTEN APPLE Listen, Bud, you're screwed on 'AirPods'

BYLINE: BY MEG WAGNER NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 639 words


APPLE DOESN'T know jack about headphones - and fans gave the company an earful
about its latest gear.

With the introduction of the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus - which start at
$649 and $769 respectively - Apple is phasing out the 3.5-mm. headphone port
standard on portable music devices and virtually every other smartphone.

Instead, the tech giant is urging its famously loyal customers to pony up for a
pair of plastic-fantastic "AirPods" that wirelessly connect to the new phones -
for a cool $159 a pop.

Twitter was full of remarks saying the AirPods are the perfect accessory to lose
on the subway, among other problems.

"Crap. Lost my AirPods before I got 'em," tech reviewer Jonathan Morrison wrote.

"So if I want to listen to headphones and charge my phone simultaneously, I'll
have to buy $159 wireless headphones?!" wrote a stunned Derek Dawson.

The move is nothing less than a profile in courage, to hear it from a top Apple
exec.

"Courage," Phil Schiller, the company's senior vice president, said at a
much-hyped Wednesday unveiling, "the courage to move on to do something new that
betters all of us."

Apple will begin taking preorders for the latest version of its wildly popular
iPhone on Friday, with the first devices shipping on Sept. 16.

For those who don't want to fork over the extra scratch for the AirPods, the new
iPhones will be boxed with earbuds that plug not into a 3.5-mm. hole, but the
devices' "Lightning" ports. You'll also be able to plug your old earbuds into
the new phones with the use of an adapter known by the not-so-elegant name of
"dongle."

"The icy silence as Apple is announcing the death of the headphone jack is the
most awkward thing I've ever seen at one of their events," tweeted Brianna Wu
after the announcement.

As far as new features go, the larger iPhone 7 Plus packs three cameras - dual
wide-angle and telephoto lenses on the back and a selfie camera on the front -
while the iPhone 7 maintains the standard of two cameras.

The new line comes in five finishes, including Apple's usual gold, silver and
rose gold colors. Both of the latest versions of the iPhone also have a storage
boost. Their memory capacity starts at 32 gigabytes, while previous generations
offered a 16 GB option. The biggest phone will hold 256 GB, twice the maximum
storage of older models.

Apple also unveiled a water-resistant version of its Apple Watch on Wednesday.

The $369 Apple Watch Series 2 is water-resistant up to 150 feet. The previous
generation of the device was merely splash-proof.

The new model also features a faster processor and a built-in GPS system,
replacing the old watch's work-around way of using the GPS system of the iPhone
it's paired with. The new technology means users can navigate running, biking
and hiking trails without lugging their phones with them.

Series 2 comes in aluminum, stainless steel and white ceramic finishes and can
be paired with any Apple Watch band. A special model designed with Nike, the
Apple Watch Nike Plus, features a breathable band and a lightweight aluminum
body.

The original Apple Watch - which now features a snappier processor and is
rebranded as the Series 1 - will cost $269.

mwagner@nydailynews.com

Sidebar:

WHAT THEY COST

iPhone 7: Starts at $649

iPhone 7 Plus: Starts at $769

Apple Watch Series 2: $369

AirPod headphones: $159

WHAT YOU GET

iPhone 7: More storage, a new home button, improved mobile payment service, new
colors.

iPhone 7 Plus: All that, along with three cameras.

Apple Watch Series 2: Water resistance, faster processor than original model,
own GPS, new looks.

AirPods: No wires, but worries about getting lost.

WHY PEOPLE

WANT 'EM

iPhone 7: Keeping up with the Joneses, of course.

iPhone 7 Plus: Ability to snap high-res, wide-angle pix.

Apple Watch Series 2: You don't have to lug iPhone to get GPS.

AirPods: They love looking for small lost items.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple honcho Phil Schiller, touting pricey AirPods (left) and upgrade
to watch (below), said moves required "courage." AP; REUTERS; EPA

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Daily News, L.P.


                             798 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                            October 25, 2016 Tuesday

Apple iPhone 7 Plus finally gets Portrait mode, and thank God it's in beta

BYLINE: Swapnil Mathur

LENGTH: 692  words


Apple iPhone 7 Plus finally has the Portrait mode for the general public and
here's what we think of it.

Apple finally pushed the iOS update bringing in the much-awaited Portrait Mode
to the iPhone 7 Plus. This new Portrait mode was shown off at the Apple event as
part of the iPhone 7 announcement in early September, however the company left
the feature for release "later this year". The feature leverages the dual
cameras of the iPhone 7 Plus to generate images which have visibly shallower
depth of field, excellent for Portraits. We have been testing the feature on our
iPhone 7 Plus and here is the rundown on how effective the mode is so far.

Minimum Requirements, Maximum Output

The Portrait Mode on the iPhone 7 Plus works when the subject is within a
limited range of the camera. If you get too close, the phone will ask you to
step back and if your subject is too far, it will ask you to place the subject
within 2.5 meters. What this means is that unless you are photographing a
midget, it is unlikely you would be able to shoot a full-length portrait shot of
your subject with shallow depth. Our model, who is about roughly four feet tall
when seated barely managed to fit in the frame for Portrait mode to work.

Additionally, Portrait Mode requires more light to shoot the same scene in
comparison to the 2x mode on the iPhone 7 Plus. When shooting indoors, our
subject was lit by a standard LED tube light and while the normal camera (in 2x
mode) was able to take the shot, the Portrait mode occasionally said there
wasn't enough light.

The Depth Map

Right off the bat, it is evident that the iPhone is using heavy algorithmic
adjustments to generate the depth map in the image. When Portrait mode is
enabled, you can see the out-of-focus areas move around as you move the phone to
frame and re-frame your shot. In our test photos, we often found that the
shallow depth even showed up around the edges of our main subject. There was
even an instant where an object in the background wasn't blurred out while
everything around it was, creating a visually confusing image.

The over-process process

Shallow depth of field is a product of three things working in conjunction -
focal length of the lens, size of the sensor and the aperture at which you shoot
the image. Given a particular sensor size and aperture, the depth of field
becomes shallower as the focal length increases.

Also read: Apple iPhone 7 Plus review: Buy it just for the camera, but that's
not the only great feature

The iPhone 7 Plus has a tiny sensor that automatically generates great depth of
field. So, a long lens and a wide aperture are the only 'true' ways to get soft
out of focus background. However, the iPhone's sensor is too small for its 56mm
lens and the f/1.8 aperture to give you the bokeh you need. This is where
software comes in.

Apple's algorithms are using the two cameras to generate a simulated shallow
depth of field, but doesn't manage to do so very effectively in most cases.
Additionally, the images have significant amount of JPG compression, with
details often getting too smudged. The Portrait mode also has a hard time
resolving the colour white and there seems to be a consistent white balance
shift as well.

Saved by the Beta

The Portrait mode on the iPhone 7 Plus is frankly a hit-or-miss feature,
something that does not work with the efficiency that Apple products are known
for. It could be that the feature will be tweaked further as Apple says it is
currently in beta. The feature is decently implemented and matched by that found
in the Honor 8.

The notion that "Apple products just work" does not apply to the Portrait mode
on the iPhone 7 Plus as there are way too many hiccups to the mode as of now.
But then this is a feature that has been a significant departure from Apple
traditions as it was not part of a larger update and there was no particular
release date in the first place.

Given that this is still in beta (good save Apple) we are hoping that Apple will
continue to work on this. It would be nice to see the algorithm be able to tell
the difference between foreground and background bokeh for one, which it fails
to do at this point.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             799 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

All eyes on Apple as it unveils iPhone 7

BYLINE: Karrishma Modhy

LENGTH: 642  words


Ringing in new | Co to launch it tonight n Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 glitch may
work in US firm's favour

Mumbai: Wednesday (today) is the big day. Apple is, in all likelihood, poised to
unveil its latest and greatest, the iPhone 7. CEO Tim Cook will be making the
necessary announcements at an event in San Francisco Wednesday night at 10:30PM
IST. According to all the rumours thus far, the 7th gen iPhone is expected to be
a significant upgrade over its predecessors. Let's look at what the rumour mills
are busy churning out.

What's doing the rounds?

To start, the iPhone 7 will most likely sport a 4.7-inch screen and its branded
'Retina HD Display', with a 7501334 pixel resolution. It could very well be
powered by a new A10 chipset, clocked at up to 2.4GHz and paired with 2GB of
RAM. The company is rumoured to be offering three storage options: 32GB, 128GB,
and 256GB. The low-end 16GB variant may finally go. On the camera front, Apple
might just continue with the same 12MP camera currently seen on the iPhone 6s
but with an improved sensor, along with a better six-element lens, and could add
a protective shield around the phone lens to have it better withstand physical
damage.

One of the biggest rumours is that Apple may, well and truly, be ditching the
ubiquitous 3.5mm headphone jack, and will instead introduce the digital-only
Lightning connected earpods for a heightened audio experience. The new iPhones
could come in five colour options: Silver, Gold, Rose Gold, along with a "dark
black" colour variant, which will mostly replace the Space Grey option.

A newer colour might be unveiled on Wednesday night, which may be known as
'piano black'.

iPhone 6 woes

If Samsung is heartbroken over their Galaxy Note 7 battery explosions, Apple has
had its share of goof-ups too: a recent lawsuit filed in the Silicon Valley
federal court accused Apple of knowingly selling defective iPhone 6 models with
screens that stop responding to touch. The issue, coined as "touch disease" was
causing unresponsive screens, along with a flickering gray bar that appears at
top of the display. To make matters worse, Apple refused to repair iPhones free
of charge, despite the inherent design flaw.

Viewers and investors are bound to look to Tim Cook to address this issue of
reliability during his keynote --it could just be one of the most significant
parts of the event, given that there's an upcoming line of Apple phones that
would need to win the trust of the broader set of Apple buyers that exclude
die-hard enthusiasts.

KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo--one of the most prolific and accurate
predictors of iPhone launch details--believes iPhone 7 shipments will be below
those of the iPhone 6s through the end of the year, coming in at 60-65 million
compared to 82 million last year.

Samsung's loss, Apple's timely gift?

When Samsung unveiled the Galaxy Note 7 a few weeks ago, they staked claim to a
significant timing advantage. But the recent turn of events with Samsung needing
to replace all 2.5 million units of its flagship device, just weeks after its
release, due to the unfortunate issue of exploding batteries could well work in
favour of Apple. Reports also indicate that the company has informed iPhone 7
component suppliers and manufacturing partners to boost production by 10%.

As Galaxy Note 7 owners need to wait for two weeks before they get their hands
on a replacement device, Apple's increased production (along with an alluring
set of specs) could prove advantageous as many fence-sitters may simply choose
to jump ship to the iPhone 7 instead of waiting out their Note 7 replacement.

With both companies tied in terms of last-minute pitfalls, it all boils down to
what exactly is unveiled in San Francisco on Wednesday night. Be sure to follow
us as we cover it live on dnaindia.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             800 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                      June 30, 2016 Thursday 11:45 AM EST

Latest iPhone 7 rumor shows Apple is getting serious about storage

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 228  words


Click for image

The iPhone 7 is going to be an interesting release for a number of reasons.
First and foremost, the iPhone 7 may be defined by what it lacks more so than by
what ever new features it brings to the table. I am, of course, referring to the
fact that the iPhone 7 may ship without a traditional 3.5mm headphone jack, a
controversial decision to say the least.

So perhaps in an effort so soften the blow, the latest iPhone 7 rumor we've
stumbled across indicates that Apple is finally getting serious about storage.
Indeed, one of the longstanding complaints regarding Apple's popular smartphone
is that the base model offers only 16GB of storage. And sure, 16GB might have
been more than enough storage back in 2009, but it's arguably unacceptable in
today's age of 4K video and more.

All that said, the latest iPhone 7 rumor suggests that the storage tiers across
the device will be 32GB, 128GB and 256GB. If true, this would be welcome news
across the board.

For starters, it's about time for Apple to get rid of the 16GB entry-level
storage tier. And second, having the mid-level tier check in at 128GB would be a
huge boon for users and would certainly encourage users with older devices to
upgrade.

Interestingly enough, the rumor also claims that Apple this year will release
three distinct iPhone models-an iPhone 7, an iPhone 7 Plus and an iPhone 7 Pro.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             801 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Siasat Daily (India)

                            October 8, 2016 Saturday

Airtel offers Apple iPhone 7 at Rs 19,990

LENGTH: 300 words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 8 -- As Reliance Jio have new 4G data offers in an attempt to
lure iPhone 7 buyers on to their mobile network. The country's no. 1 telecom
service provider Airtel is offering the new Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
smartphones on contract basis at a minimum down payment of Rs 19,990 and Rs
30,792, respectively.

Click here for details

Buy iPhone 7 in India under 12-month Contract at Rs 19,990 from
Airtelhttps://t.co/O9rGE8AYTF pic.twitter.com/Uu7wSIf3Cw

- Phone Radar (@phoneradarblog) October 7, 2016

Apple iPhone 7 starts at Rs 60,000 while the larger iPhone 7 Plus starts at
72,000 . Now the customers have to pay the Minimum Initial Payment for the
device and then pay Rs 1,999, Rs 2,499 or Rs 2,999 per month (for 12 months) to
avail 5GB, 10GB or 15GB 3G/4G data per month respectively for free and then
automatically get upgraded to the next iPhone in September 2017.

Bajaj Finance Ltd will finance the smartphone at 0% rate of interest. The plans
on offer are Rs 1,999 per month for 5GB of 3G/4G data, Rs 2,499 per month for
10GB of 3G/4G data and Rs 2,999 per month for 15GB of 3G/4G data. The postpaid
plan includes unlimited local and STD calling along with roaming.

After the validity of 12 months expires, users can either return the device to
Airtel and upgrade to the latest iPhone, or go for a lump sum balloon payment to
buy it completely subject to the terms and conditions of Airtel.

This offer is valid only for Airtel subscribers. Airtel will only take back the
iPhone 7 after 12 months if the physical condition of the device meets its
listed criteria.

Click here for details

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Siasat Daily. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Siasat.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             802 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              birminghammail.co.uk

                     September 16, 2016 Friday 8:15 AM GMT

Queues for iPhone 7 today in Birmingham Bullring but can you still get one?;
Up to 40 people have been queuing outside the Apple shop in Birmingham as iPhone
7 released today

BYLINE: By Sarah Probert

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 266 words


Dozens of people have been queuing since early this morning to get their hands
on the new iPhone 7 in Birmingham which comes out today.

One man has been outside the Bullring store since midnight and others arrived at
6am to get their hands on the new flagship smartphone.

But the Bullring store had already sold out of the iPhone 7 Plus and the iPhone
7 in black to pre-orders before it opened its doors at 8am.

Radio WM presenter Daz Hale was outside the store to see the queues and broke
the news live on air to the eager customer who had camped outside since 12am
that there would be no IPhone7 Plus available today.

At first the young lad was in disbelief but then despondently said he would head
home back to bed.

There were some IPhone 7 phones available first thing this morning but many had
pre-ordered online to secure the device.

The new device is waterproof and the larger model comes with an dual lens camera
capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

The iPhone 7 is available from a starting price of £599 for the cheapest 32GB
option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a
whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus is even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

When does the new Apple store in Birmingham open?

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

If you want to buy the phone outright, the best thing to do is head straight to
Apple's website and pre-order it from there.

Here's what happened last time a new iPhone came out in Birmingham

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             803 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              birminghammail.co.uk

                     September 16, 2016 Friday 8:15 AM GMT

Queues for iPhone 7 today in Birmingham Bullring but can you still get one?;
Up to 40 people have been queuing outside the Apple shop in Birmingham as iPhone
7 released today

BYLINE: By Sarah Probert

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 266 words


Dozens of people have been queuing since early this morning to get their hands
on the new iPhone 7 in Birmingham which comes out today.

One man has been outside the Bullring store since midnight and others arrived at
6am to get their hands on the new flagship smartphone.

But the Bullring store had already sold out of the iPhone 7 Plus and the iPhone
7 in black to pre-orders before it opened its doors at 8am.

Radio WM presenter Daz Hale was outside the store to see the queues and broke
the news live on air to the eager customer who had camped outside since 12am
that there would be no IPhone7 Plus available today.

At first the young lad was in disbelief but then despondently said he would head
home back to bed.

There were some IPhone 7 phones available first thing this morning but many had
pre-ordered online to secure the device.

The new device is waterproof and the larger model comes with an dual lens camera
capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

The iPhone 7 is available from a starting price of £599 for the cheapest 32GB
option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a
whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus is even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

When does the new Apple store in Birmingham open?

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

If you want to buy the phone outright, the best thing to do is head straight to
Apple's website and pre-order it from there.

Here's what happened last time a new iPhone came out in Birmingham

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             804 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                          September 17, 2016 Saturday

S'pore among 1st to launch iPhones, drawing foreigners

BYLINE: Rachel Oh,Felicia Choo

SECTION: HOME

LENGTH: 550 words


Consumers were out in droves queuing for Apple's new iPhone 7 and the larger
iPhone 7 Plus yesterday, with the black versions of the handsets being hot
picks.

With Singapore being one of the first countries to get the new phones, many
foreigners flocked to stores to snag them too.

Vietnamese student Sophia Tran, 25, from the Nanyang Institute of Management,
was the first person in line at Courts Orchard, opposite 313@Somerset mall, at
1pm on Thursday. The student and nine others from her school queued for 19
hours, armed with snacks and portable chargers. All 10 were queuing to buy
iPhones for a friend, who wanted to send them to his family in Vietnam.

"We left the line only if we wanted to go to the toilet," said Ms Tran. "It is a
nice feeling to be the first person to get it."

Most of the 30 people queuing there at 8am yesterday to buy the iPhone without a
contract were foreigners, as many Singaporeans would have placed their orders
through local telcos at discount prices that come with mobile plans.

Singaporean Keith Heah, 58, arrived at the Courts Orchard shop five minutes
before it opened at 8am yesterday to get a black iPhone 7 Plus for himself.

"Normally, this outlet is not very crowded, from what I have seen during
previous years (during iPhone launches)," said the retiree, who lines up for the
iPhone regularly.

Many customers told The Straits Times that they were keen on the black and jet
black versions of the phones.

At authorised Apple reseller EpiCentre's outlet in Ion Orchard, more than 100
people were queueing at about 7.30am yesterday. Most were foreigners.

At the EpiCentre store in 313@Somerset, about 300 people, many of them
foreigners, were in the queue at about 9am yesterday.

Without a contract, prices for the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 start from $1,048, while
the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus retails from $1,248. The devices, which run on
Apple's iOS mobile operating system, were unveiled by Apple on Sept 7.

The new handsets are of the same sizes as last year's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, but
have added resistance against dust and water, dual cameras for optical zoom, and
the faster A10 Fusion processor.

What has drawn the most attention is what it lacks - a 3.5mm headphone jack. In
its place is Apple's proprietary Lightning port for audio output.

But the missing headphone jack in the new handsets did not seem to dampen
enthusiasm.

Mobile consultant Amila Fonseka, 29, said: "I am very happy that the headphone
jack is gone."

Mr Fonseka, who is from India but works here, prefers using wireless headphones
because they do not have dangling wires that can get caught on things. He took
time off work to get his hands on the gold iPhone 7 Plus.

Mr Maxime Blein, associate director at advisory firm PwC Singapore, noted that
Singapore is among the first few Asian territories to launch the new iPhones.

The others are China, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Japan.

He said that this might be why many foreigners are queueing up at stores here to
buy them.

Mr Anshul Gupta, research director at information technology research and
advisory firm Gartner, said consumers are undeterred by the lack of a headphone
jack in the new iPhones as these have an adaptor that allows regular headphones
to be used instead.

So, Apple is "not cutting off (users) completely", he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The queue for the Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus outside the EpiCentre store
in Ion Orchard, before the doors opened at 9am yesterday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             805 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 12:31 AM GMT

Apple unveils water-resistant iPhone 7 and new Watch

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 285 words


Apple has unveiled the new iPhone 7, having made the phone water resistant for
the first time and removed the headphone jack.

The tech giant's chief executive Tim Cook announced the phone at an event in San
Francisco, though a social media glitch saw the firm's Twitter account - only
recently activated - accidentally reveal the news early.

A new version of the Apple Watch, called the Series 2 and with greater focus on
health and exercise tracking, was also announced, including a special Nike+
version for runners.

The Watch, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will go on sale on September 16, with
pre-orders for the devices beginning on Friday.

Instead of the traditional headphone connection, iPhone packages will now come
with earphones that fit into the phone's Lighting port, currently used for
charging and data transfer.

However, Apple also revealed new wireless earphones, called AirPods, that will
connect to both iPhone and Apple Watch remotely.

An adaptor that enables traditional headphones to continue to plug into the
iPhone will also be included in the box.

The iPhone 7 has also had its camera completely redesigned, with a much-rumoured
second lens being added to the larger iPhone 7 Plus that will enable users to
capture more zoomed images without losing picture quality.

The lenses across the two phones now contain a 12 megapixel sensor.

Mr Cook said of the smartphone: "It has become the industry gold standard.

"iPhone is the phone by which all others are measured and it has become a
cultural phenomenon."

In July, the tech giant revealed it had sold the one billionth unit of the
device, while Mr Cook said the Apple Watch was now the world's second most
popular watch brand and most popular smartwatch.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             806 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               South Wales Argus

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils water-resistant iPhone 7 and new watch - Are you getting one?

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 285 words


APPLE has unveiled the new iPhone 7, having made the phone water resistant for
the first time and removed the headphone jack.

The tech giant's chief executive Tim Cook announced the phone at an event in San
Francisco, though a social media glitch saw the firm's Twitter account - only
recently activated - accidentally reveal the news early.

A new version of the Apple Watch, called the Series 2 and with greater focus on
health and exercise tracking, was also announced, including a special Nike+
version for runners.

The Watch, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will go on sale on September 16, with
pre-orders for the devices beginning on Friday.

Instead of the traditional headphone connection, iPhone packages will now come
with earphones that fit into the phone's Lighting port, currently used for
charging and data transfer.

However, Apple also revealed new wireless earphones, called AirPods, that will
connect to both iPhone and Apple Watch remotely.

An adaptor that enables traditional headphones to continue to plug into the
iPhone will also be included in the box.

The iPhone 7 has also had its camera completely redesigned, with a much-rumoured
second lens being added to the larger iPhone 7 Plus that will enable users to
capture more zoomed images without losing picture quality.

The lenses across the two phones now contain a 12 megapixel sensor.

Mr Cook said of the smartphone: "It has become the industry gold standard.

"iPhone is the phone by which all others are measured and it has become a
cultural phenomenon."

In July, the tech giant revealed it had sold the one billionth unit of the
device, while Mr Cook said the Apple Watch was now the world's second most
popular watch brand and most popular smartwatch.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             807 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                         May 4, 2015 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 7: Here is what you can expect from most awaited smartphone of 2015

BYLINE: Dainik Bhaskar News Network

LENGTH: 272  words


While India is still fanatical about Iphone 6 and 6 Plus, technology giant Apple
has already started working on the next version of this much-hyped smartphone.
The upcoming device is expected to be the most powerful device the company has
ever produced.

And, as anticipated, rumor streets have started flooding with its leaked
specifications and features. As per website Know Your Mobile, iPhone 6C and 7
will be launched this year. And, after a short while, another website claimed
that iPhone 6S will be released in 2015. Sadly, Apple has not issued any
official statement on its forthcoming devices.

Online reports also claim that the new devices will possess bigger and better
displays. Well, fingers crossed.

Curved display

iPhone 7 might come up with a curved display. Tech critics have said that the
phone is likely to get a flexible display.

Similar design

Apple is playing safe with the design of its iPhone range. But, taking it a step
further, iPhone 6S and 7 are rumored to get Aluminum Premium design.

Sapphire glass display

Reports claim that Apple can install iPhone 6S and 7 with 5.5inch display that
will exhibit a QHD resolution of 2,000 pixel.

Camera

Expectations are sky high from the camera of Apple's next iPhone. It is likely
that the upcoming device will feature a 13 or 16 megapixel camera with sensor.
If rumors are to be believed, the company can come up with a dual lens camera
with an ability to provide DSLR like quality.

Processor and RAM

The new iPhone is expected to be loaded with an A8X processor. Interestingly, an
A8X processor is faster than a 1.5GHz processor. iPhone 6S and & 7 can also
contain 2GB of RAM.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             808 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           September 16, 2016 Friday
                                 Early Edition

Apple value up $60B on iPhone 7 demand; Share price rises 3.4% to $115.57

BYLINE: John Shmuel, Financial Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 407 words


Apple Inc. stock is on its biggest winning streak in years as the company
prepares to roll out sales of its new iPhone 7 on Friday.

The consumer electrics firm has piled on more than $60 billion to its market
capitalization this week as the company rides a wave of bullish analyst upgrades
and strong early demand for its new smartphone.

Its share price rose 3.4 per cent to $115.57 Thursday, capping its best four-day
performance in 21/2years. Short sellers have been forced to cover about $250
million worth of stock on the advance, based on data from Thomson Reuters.

Retailers reported that early demand for the new iPhone 7 has been incredibly
strong, with sales of the Plus, a larger model, selling out on Apple's website.

"We believe the commentary of the wireless operators over the past two days
about iPhone preorder activity is meaningful," said Walter Piecyk, analyst at
BTIG. "Especially in light of conservative Street expectations for Apple and the
widespread belief that the marginal changes to the iPhone 7 might not be enough
to stimulate device upgrades."

Apple unveiled its new iPhone 7 and an updated Apple Watch at a high profile
event last Wednesday in San Francisco. The new phone introduced several new
features, including wireless headphones, water resistance and a new dual-camera,
which will allow users to jump from wide angle to telephoto lenses.

Apple's share price decline slightly in the days following the announcement, but
this week began to rally as reports emerged that demand for the new 7 model was
much stronger than anticipated. The stock has now rallied nearly 11 per cent
since the open Monday.

Initial reviews of the 7 suggested the phone was an incremental upgrade over its
predecessor, but analysts in recent days have turned more bullish. Amit
Daryanani, an analyst at RBC Capital Markets, noted that Apple shares were set
to break out even further if the phone continued to defy odds.

"Given the backdrop of subdued expectations for the iPhone 7, we think there is
potential for Apple to surprise on the upside given share gain potential," he
said in a note to clients.

Both T-Mobile and Sprint issued news releases this week that said pre-orders for
the 7 were four times what they were for the iPhone 6. Apple has already warned
that given the high demand on its website, iPhone 7 models will not be available
for walk-in sales this week. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All
rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Don Emmert, AFP, Getty Images; Retailers have reported that early
demand for the Apple iPhone 7 has been incredibly strong. The larger Plus model
has sold out on the company's website and Apple has warned that the iPhone 7
models may not be available for walk-in sales when it is scheduled to roll out
Friday.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             809 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                      November 8, 2015 Sunday 01:59 PM EST

iPhone 7 Rumor Rollup: Early arrival; new concept; Spy Who Didn't Love Me

BYLINE: Bob Brown

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 366  words


Click for image

While it might be disappointing not to have a full year of iPhone 7 rumor
build-up, some might be excited to hear that Apple is considering rolling out
its next flagship smartphone a bit early.

Well, that's according to one trustworthy source of Apple Insider, which itself
has been pretty trustworthy when it comes to iPhome scuttlebutt.

In true iPhone 7 rumor fashion, though, exactly how early the new iPhone might
debut isn't known. While Apple has gotten into the habit of releasing new
iPhones in September, the company just a few years ago was launching new ones
earlier in the year, so an early arrival would not be unprecedented.

In fact, speculation was heating up last month that Apple might roll out a
4-inch iPhone 6c sometime early next year.

One other report that might toss a little toss water on all this is a blurb from
Digitimes that says Apple has fallen behind schedule in producing touch and
display driver integration (TDDI) chips and has had to place orders with outside
supplier Synaptics to pick up the slack. These chips supposedly could be Apple's
way of ridding iPhones of the physical home button on the way to a more
touchy-feely device.

BRING ON THE iPHONE 7 CONCEPTS

Now the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus have arrived, and are not called the iPhone 7 or 7
Plus, smartphone concept designers can once again get on with producing snazzy
concept design images and videos.

Here's an elegant and perhaps slightly creepy one from DeepMind, of the iPhone
7c, that depicts a fullscreen display with virtual bezels that disappear when
the screen fills with content.

SPECTRE OF USING AN iPHONE

While James Bond actor Daniel Craig has been quoted as saying that 007 "only
uses the best," Apple fanboys and fangirls might be disappointed to know that
that means the Sony Xperia Z5 in the new Spectre spy film. Apparently Craig was
not a fan of using the Sony phone, but relented perhaps when the dollars
involved got bigger.

Of course, Bond might need to reconsider the iPhone if as rumored Apple adds a
Panic Button to one of its future devices. Apple has reportedly patented
technology that would let users disable access to certain data with the Touch ID
fingerprint sensor.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             810 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                     August 10, 2016 Wednesday 11:13 AM EST

iPhone 7 to be announced Sept. 7? How fitting

BYLINE: Bob Brown

SECTION: NEWSANALYSIS

LENGTH: 155  words


Click for image

A passing reference by Bloomberg that Apple might introduce its new iPhones on
Sept. 7 has spurred a flurry of follow-up coverage all but confirming the
presumed iPhone 7 event.

The Bloomberg report is actually focused on Apple overhauling its MacBook Pro
laptop line for the first time in four years.

Apple Insider, Engadget & others (OK, and us) have pounced on the iPhone 7
announcement date, attributed to one unnamed person by Bloomberg.

MORE: Best iPhone 7 design concepts of 2016

The next iPhones, possibly the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, are expected to look
pretty similar to their predecessors, but changes expected include elimination
of the standard 3.5mm headphone jack and standard home button as well as a
dual-lens camera for the larger phone.

Rumors last month pegged the iPhone announcement date as coming after Labor Day,
probably Sept. 6, followed by pre-orders on Sept. 9 and availability on Sept.
16.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             811 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                       April 24, 2016 Sunday 02:05 PM EST

iPhone 7 Rumor Rollup: Analyst buzzkill; all glass, all the time; cool iOS 10
concept video

BYLINE: Bob Brown

SECTION: NEWSANALYSIS

LENGTH: 826  words


Click for image

A reminder not to put Barclays analyst Mark Moskowitz on your A List if you plan
to have an iPhone 7 party - though you might want to put him at the top of the
list for the iPhone 8 in 2017.

The market watcher has issued a note to investors this week, according to
Fortune, in which he says the iPhone 7 smartphone that Apple will reportedly
launch later this year will be devoid of "any must-have form factor changes"
compared to the iPhone 6s.

MORE: Best iPhone 7 Design Concepts of 2016

However, iPhone 8 in 2017 could be another matter. "The [iPhone 8] could
showcase major form factor changes, including OLED, no home button, and wireless
charging. In our view, these potential changes could drive a mega cycle."

Meanwhile, if you are looking for another person to invite to your iPhone 7
party, perhaps Goldman Sachs' Simona Jankowski would fit nicely. She has
conducted an online survey of more than 1,000 U.S. consumers, Barron's reports,
and found that about 44% said they plan to get an iPhone 7, with a quarter of
those people not being iPhone customers at all currently.

All Glass

Never the most transparent of companies, Apple's iPhone at least might become
more so if the latest from KGI analyst Ming-Chi Kuo is on the mark (while we're
still dealing with speculation here, many take his word as being iPhone facts).
Kuo says that Apple next year is expected to replace its iPhone's aluminum
casing with an all-glass one featuring an AMOLED screen. 9to5Mac has picked up
on the KGI note from Kuo, and says that Apple's move could help set it apart
from competitors, who have embraced aluminum bodies for their phones.

9to5Mac notes that even though the glass body would weigh more than the aluminum
ones, the thinner and lighter AMOLED screen would help to offset that.

Meanwhile, no matter how drop-defying Apple tells us the glass casing will be,
we'd be keeping ours covered up anyway.

Not all bad for Intel

It's been a horrible week for Intel, which said it is cutting 12,000 jobs (11%
of its workforce) as it rejiggers itself to compete in IoT and server markets to
offset a big drop-off in the PC market.

But one bit of possible good news at Intel - at the expense of rival Qualcomm -
is that the former might be in line to supply Apple with LTE modems for its
iPhone 7 smartphones. The latest speculation about this possible Intel win were
sparked by comments made by Qualcomm's CEO this past week during an earnings
call in which he warned that a major customer is expected to split off some of
its business to a second source, presumably Intel.

Slashgear writes that the addition of Intel to the iPhone mix could be
significant for customers:

So what kind of changes could we expect from this switch? Well, the reports have
indicated that Apple would be using Intel's 7360 LTE modem. This particular chip
has theoretical downlink speeds of up to 450 Mbps and uplink speeds of up to 100
Mbps. Now compare that to the Qualcomm MDM96 (used in the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus)
which only has theoretical downlink and uplink speeds of 300 Mbps and 50 Mbps
respectively.

Those Intel chips better be really great though, because the word is that Apple
has a team hunkering down to build its own LTE modem chips for future iPhones...

Beating Apple to the punch

The much discussed elimination by Apple of a traditional 3.5mm headphone jack in
its next iPhone has given competitors plenty of time to mull doing the same.

Whether or not Apple's plans were a factor here is unknown publicly, but BGR
reports

that Chinese Android phone maker LeEco has unveiled three new phones that boast
microUSB wired headset support. Hey, it's not like they're using Apple Lightning
as the port, so Apple won't be too upset, and maybe the change will even make
Apple's move more palatable. Then again, maybe most people who don't live in
China will even notice, since LeEco's products are mainly sold in Asia.

Camera supply shaken

Recent deadly earthquakes in Japan are said to have thrown Apple's supply of
CMOS image sensors for its iPhone 7 cameras into question. Supplier Sony's
factories in the south of Japan went offline following the quakes, reports Cult
of Mac.

"We are still checking for potential damage to the plants, which usually operate
on a 24-hour basis," a Sony spokesman told Reuters last weekend. "We do not yet
know how the closures will impact supply to customers like Apple."

Apple has attempted to not put all its image sensors eggs in one basket, but
when it comes to these particular components, Sony has been the only choice.

Concept design video of the week: iOS 10

Apple is expected to reveal iOS 10 at its Worldwide Developers' Conference in
June, and that's likely to be the software powering the iPhone 7. Federico
Viticci and Sam Beckett share their iOS Wishlist in this cool video, highlighted
by improvements to the Control Center and 3D Touch, and new features such as
Dark Mode, Rich Message Previews and wait for it...faster Emoji input!

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             812 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The National

                            October 1, 2016 Saturday

iPhone has plenty of critics but they are still popular

BYLINE: John Everington

LENGTH: 651  words


John Everington

The iPhone 7 has raised a few laughs online since it was launched a few weeks
ago, with the chattering classes once again asking whether Apple's iconic
smartphone has passed its peak.

Jimmy Kimmel had people on the streets of New York waxing lyrical about what
they thought was the new iPhone 7, only to reveal that they were actually just
looking at their old iPhone 6. Bill Maher slammed Apple enthusiasts for standing
"in the nerd line" for a largely pointless update. ("Do your friends really need
clearer pictures of your lunch?").

And then there was the hoax Techrax instructional video that showed users upset
at the iPhone 7's lack of a 3.5mm headphone socket how they could use their old
headphones in the new device by simply drilling a hole in it. The satire was
lost on a number of people, who were surprised to find their brand new expensive
device reduced to a brick.

We've been here before of course, with virtually every new iPhone launch
followed closely by the revelation of some "major" flaw, such as the faulty
antenna of the iPhone 4, the Apple Maps debacle of iOS 6 with the iPhone 5, and
the unintentionally bendy iPhone 6 Plus.

All of these were seized upon by journalists, analysts and Apple's competitors,
and cited as proof that the company has lost its mojo.

The argument was unfortunately undermined each time by customers, who for some
reason seem to keep on buying the iPhone anyway, in ever higher numbers, to the
fury of the naysayers. One pictures Apple executives sobbing uncontrollably
about negative iPhone reviews, wiping away their tears with US$100 notes taken
from the company's enormous cash pile.

But even though the reviews for the iPhone 7 have actually been pretty positive,
the argument that the iPhone's best days are behind it may actually carry some
weight this time.

Sales of the iPhone have fallen for the past two quarters as demand in China
falls and customers elsewhere hold on to their older handsets for longer.

The slowdown in sales is consistent with trends in the wider industry; industry
analyst Gartner forecasts worldwide smartphone sales will grow by just 7 per
cent this year, compared with 14.4 per cent last year.

"Smartphone sales recorded their highest growth in 2010, reaching 73 per cent,"
said the Gartner research director Roberta Cozza. "In the mature markets,
premium phone users are extending life cycles to 2.5 years, which is not going
to change drastically over the next five years."

Such a trend is particularly apparent in the UAE, despite enormous demand for
the iPhone 7 reported by electronics retailers.

Industry analysts IDC said that smartphone shipments fell by 15.1 per cent in
the second quarter of the year compared with the first, with shipments to Saudi
slumping 22.3 per cent, as lower oil prices and government spending hit
disposable incomes.

"Every few years in the economic cycle you have a slow down, but then things
pick up again soon afterwards," said Faisal Al Bannai, the chief executive of
retailer Axiom Telecom.

"I'm confident that next year things will pick up again."

The same could be said for Apple. No matter how well the iPhone 7 sells, its
largely incremental updates are widely seen as the calm before the storm, with
rumours of a radical design overhaul, edge-to-edge curved display, wireless
charging and virtual controls in the works for the 10th anniversary iPhone 8
next year.

Naturally, you can expect us naysayers to point out the similarities to other
devices that have been on the market for years, and to once again highlight some
chink in the armour as proof that Apple has, this time, truly lost the plot.

As before, however, you can probably also expect customers to not pay one bit of
attention and happily queue up round the block to shell out thousands of dirhams
for a beautifully crafted smartphone

jeverington@thenational.ae

John Everington covers technology for The National.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 818


                     Copyright 2016 Abu Dhabi Media Company
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             813 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Gossip clouds unveiling of the iPhone 7;
Upcoming San Francisco event expected to reveal iPhone 7, 7 Plus and the new
Apple Watch model

BYLINE: Michael Lewis Toronto Star

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. GT8

LENGTH: 388 words


Apple is expected to unveil the latest iterations of the iPhone at an event in
San Francisco on Wednesday, and while only a minor refresh is anticipated,
rumours that the devices will lack a headphone port have created a major
flashpoint for iPhone devotees.

Steve Wozniak, who co-founded Apple with Steve Jobs, heads a list of
commentators calling the presumptive move a bad idea that could trigger a
consumer backlash.

"If it's missing the 3.5-millimetre earphone jack, that's going to tick off a
lot of people," Wozniak told The Australian Financial Review last week.

Deutsche Bank analysts in their iPhone preview in July said the headphone jack
will be removed in the new phones, which are expected to hit stores on Sept. 16.

Last week, Apple sent media invitations for the event on Wednesday, which is
presumably being held to announce handsets dubbed the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, along
with a next generation of Apple Watch.

The invite hinted at an iPhone camera upgrade that may include a dual lens
module with an added sensor for improved image quality. Apple declined to
comment.

Multiple online images have also highlighted the absence of an earbud jack on
the new device, while the Deutsche Bank review said the removal will allow for a
thinner and more water-resistant iPhone.

But the move could upset users, who would have to rely on Bluetooth headphones
or headphones that can be plugged into the charging port, while a port adapter
may or may not be included in the iPhone price.

"I would not use Bluetooth . . . I don't like wireless," Wozniak said. "I have
cars where you can plug in the music, or go through Bluetooth, and Bluetooth
just sounds so flat for the same music."

The presumed iPhone upgrade comes after Apple in April reported the first
year-over-year drop in iPhone sales since 2003, amid smartphone saturation in
some Western markets and slowing growth in China. In a research note, Credit
Suisse said it foresees "muted" sales increases for the forthcoming models,
calling them a "modest upgrade" to existing phones.

A leak from Apple China wholesaler Leleda reported by handset website GSMArena
shows Apple will double the storage of the upcoming iPhone models without
affecting the price compared with the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus.

It says prices for the two new phones will range from $790 (U.S.) to $1,180.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                             814 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Waikato Times (Hamilton, New Zealand)

                          September 10, 2016 Saturday

iPhone 7 'no game changer' for Wall St

SECTION: BUSINESS; NATIONAL; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 435 words


Not even chief executive Tim Cook singing Sweet Home Alabama on Carpool Karaoke
could get Wall Street excited about the launch of Apple's iPhone 7.

The new iPhone, which features a high-resolution camera and the option of a
jet-black glossy finish but notably lacks the traditional analog headphone jack,
is not revolutionary, analysts said.

"Overall, we thought that the phone was an improvement over previous models, but
not a game changer that will reignite a significant upgrade cycle," Deutsche
Bank analyst Sherri Scribner wrote in a note.

Apple shares, which closed up 0.6 per cent on Thursday (NZ time) when the new
phones were launched, were down more than 2 per cent at US$106.04 (NZ$143.3) in
morning trading yesterday.

The shares had closed down nearly 2 per cent last year on the day the iPhone 6s
and 6s Plus were unveiled.

The iPhone 7 is priced from US$649 (NZ$1199), the same as its predecessor, the
6s. The larger iPhone 7 Plus edition will retail from US$769 (NZ$1429) - US$20
more than the 6s Plus - and will feature two cameras, including a telephoto
lens.

Wells Fargo expects Apple to sell between 14 million and 15m of the new iPhones
in the first weekend as the phones will be released in more countries than in
previous years.

The company sold more than 13m of the 6s and 6s Plus phones in the first weekend
after their launch last year.

The new phones will start shipping in major markets, including the United States
and China, on September 16. That would give Apple 14 days of sales this quarter,
compared with two days for the iPhone 6s in the year-ago quarter.

The company said it will not release first-weekend iPhone sales data, saying the
number was more a reflection of supply than demand.

Sales of all iPhone models account for more than half of Apple's revenue.

Apple typically refreshes the iPhone every year, but goes in for a big makeover
once in two years.

However, many are expecting a three- year cycle this time, leading up to a major
redesign in 2017.

"While iPhone 8 has the potential to be a big cycle, we believe there is limited
visibility given the off cycle and, if history is an indicator, believe it too
early to be investable," Wells Fargo analyst Maynard Um said.

Investment banking firm Craig- Hallum said it expected Apple to sell 211m
iPhones in the fiscal year ending September - marking the first ever year-
over-year decline in annual sales - before bouncing back to an estimated 221m in
devices sales in 2017 and 240m in 2018. -Reuters

--------------------

CAPTION:

The wireless Apple Airpods will be sold separately to the new iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus.

Picture: REUTERS

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             815 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Apple unveils water resistant iPhone7

BYLINE: Angus Howarth

LENGTH: 439  words


The next generation of the iPhone will be revealed later today as speculation
mounts that the technology giant will do away with the headphone port and add a
second camera on the rear of the device.

A new version of the Apple Watch, called the Series 2 and with greater focus on
health and exercise tracking, was also announced, including a special Nike+
version for ­runners.

o READ MORE:
{http://www.scotsman.com/news/world/apple-boss-slams-eu-s-11bn-tax-ruling-as-pol
itical-crap-1-4218575| Apple boss slams EU's £11bn tax ruling as political crap'
| link to article}

The Watch, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will go on sale on 16 September, with
pre-orders for the devices beginning tomorrow. The iPhone 7 will start at £599
in the UK for the 32GB model, which makes it £60 more expensive than the iPhone
6s.

Instead of the traditional headphone connection, iPhone packages will now come
with earphones that fit into the phone's Lighting port, currently used for
charging and data transfer.

However, Apple also revealed new wireless earphones, called AirPods, that will
connect to both iPhone and Apple Watch remotely. An adaptor that enables
traditional headphones to continue to plug into the iPhone will also be included
in the box.

The iPhone 7 has also had its camera redesigned, with a much-rumoured second
lens being added to the larger iPhone 7 Plus that will enable users to capture
more zoomed images without losing picture quality. The lenses across the two
phones now contain a 12 megapixel sensor.

o READ MORE: {http://www.scotsman.com/business/companies/tech/first-fall-in-
iphone-sales-weighs-on-apple-revenues-1-4112096 | First fall in iPhone sales
weighs on Apple revenues | link to article}

Mr Cook said of the smartphone: "It has become the industry gold standard.

"iPhone is the phone by which all others are measured and it has become a
cultural phenomenon."

In July, the tech giant said it had sold the one billionth unit of the device,
while Mr Cook said the Apple Watch was now the world's second most popular watch
brand and most popular smartwatch.

Analysts said last night the new iPhones could help Apple recover modestly from
a recent dip in sales. But with few expected dramatic changes from previous
models, Apple watchers aren't expecting the kind of big spikes in consumer
demand that the company saw two years ago, when it introduced larger screens.

Apple sold nearly 92 million iPhones during the first six months of this year,
about 15 per cent fewer than the same period last year.

{https://www.facebook.com/scotsmanbusiness/ | Click here to Like' The Scotsman
Business on Facebook | Link to Facebook page}

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             816 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Apple unveils water resistant iPhone7

BYLINE: Angus Howarth

LENGTH: 439  words


The next generation of the iPhone will be revealed later today as speculation
mounts that the technology giant will do away with the headphone port and add a
second camera on the rear of the device.

A new version of the Apple Watch, called the Series 2 and with greater focus on
health and exercise tracking, was also announced, including a special Nike+
version for ­runners.

o READ MORE:
{http://www.scotsman.com/news/world/apple-boss-slams-eu-s-11bn-tax-ruling-as-pol
itical-crap-1-4218575| Apple boss slams EU's £11bn tax ruling as political crap'
| link to article}

The Watch, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will go on sale on 16 September, with
pre-orders for the devices beginning tomorrow. The iPhone 7 will start at £599
in the UK for the 32GB model, which makes it £60 more expensive than the iPhone
6s.

Instead of the traditional headphone connection, iPhone packages will now come
with earphones that fit into the phone's Lighting port, currently used for
charging and data transfer.

However, Apple also revealed new wireless earphones, called AirPods, that will
connect to both iPhone and Apple Watch remotely. An adaptor that enables
traditional headphones to continue to plug into the iPhone will also be included
in the box.

The iPhone 7 has also had its camera redesigned, with a much-rumoured second
lens being added to the larger iPhone 7 Plus that will enable users to capture
more zoomed images without losing picture quality. The lenses across the two
phones now contain a 12 megapixel sensor.

o READ MORE: {http://www.scotsman.com/business/companies/tech/first-fall-in-
iphone-sales-weighs-on-apple-revenues-1-4112096 | First fall in iPhone sales
weighs on Apple revenues | link to article}

Mr Cook said of the smartphone: "It has become the industry gold standard.

"iPhone is the phone by which all others are measured and it has become a
cultural phenomenon."

In July, the tech giant said it had sold the one billionth unit of the device,
while Mr Cook said the Apple Watch was now the world's second most popular watch
brand and most popular smartwatch.

Analysts said last night the new iPhones could help Apple recover modestly from
a recent dip in sales. But with few expected dramatic changes from previous
models, Apple watchers aren't expecting the kind of big spikes in consumer
demand that the company saw two years ago, when it introduced larger screens.

Apple sold nearly 92 million iPhones during the first six months of this year,
about 15 per cent fewer than the same period last year.

{https://www.facebook.com/scotsmanbusiness/ | Click here to Like' The Scotsman
Business on Facebook | Link to Facebook page}

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SWTS


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             817 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  News Tonight

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Some iPhone 7 users have reported that their handsets make hissing sounds

BYLINE: Demarco Dlamini

LENGTH: 178  words


In a recently posted YouTube video, one of the owners of Apple's brand new
5.5-inch iPhone - iPhone 7 Plus - has drawn attention to a kind of hissing sound
coming from his handset.

The video, posted by Stephen Hackett of the 512 Pixels website to report his
iPhone 7 Plus' hissing fits, shows that the handset starts making snake-like
sounds when Hackett is in the process of restoring the handset from iCloud.

According to Hackett's observation, the hissing noise in his iPhone 7 Plus
appears to be coming from the rear-side of the handset. He speculates that it is
probably the central processing unit which makes the hissing sound.

Hackett also asserts that some other users of the new iPhone 7 Plus handset -
which was launched by Apple along with the iPhone 7 model earlier this month -
have also said that their devices also seemingly have the same issue.

Moreover, some reports from iPhone 7 users on the Twitter site have also
revealed that the handset is apparently affected by the 'hissing sound' problem.
Apple, meanwhile, has refrained from commenting on the issue.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2016 S. G. Infotech Enterprises Pvt. Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             818 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Globes [online] - Israel's Business Arena

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Israeli iPhone 7 prices revealed;
The new models are expected to arrive in Israel in mid-October.

BYLINE: Michal Raz-Chaimovich

LENGTH: 187 words


After Apple's launch of its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus smartphones
yesterday, the prices of the new models in Israel have been revealed. At iStore,
the iPhone 7 will start at NIS 3,649, and the iPhone 7 Plus will start at NIS
4,249. Prices will be higher for handsets with expanded memory. The new
telephones are expected to reach Israel in mid-October.

Apple's telephones will be available in two new colors in Israel, black and jet
black. The new features include resistance to water and dust to the IP67
standard, a camera with an f/1.8 lens and a 12MP sensor, a front MP7 camera, a
quad-core A10 Fusion processor, flash with four lamps, and a Retina HD screen
with improved colors and clarity.

The iPhone 7 Plus has a double camera for better zooming performance.

With the advent of the new iPhones, earlier models will naturally be available
more cheaply. The price of the iPhone 6s has fallen from NIS 3,800 to NIS 3,000.
iStore will no longer sell the iPhone 6.

Published by Globes [online], Israel business news - www.globes-online.com - on
September 8, 2016

&copy; Copyright of Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd. 2016

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             819 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 1:48 PM GMT

Apple's iPhone 7 has one major drawback if you live in a cold climate;
Apple's new "solid-state" home button has one crucial difference to its
clickable predecessor

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 326 words


Apple's long-awaited iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus finally hit the shelves on
Friday, boasting upgraded processors, cameras and battery life.

But there is one major drawback to the new devices if you live in a cold
climate.

The new iPhones feature a redesigned Home button, which is actually not a button
at all but a pressure-sensitive touchpad that provides haptic feedback when
pressed.

Apple made the change in order to make the iPhones water-resistant - removing
the tiny gap between the button and the glass front panel that would have
allowed water to get in.

However, while the new Home button effectively recreates the sensation of
pushing a button thanks to Apple's taptic engine, it does not work in exactly
the same way.

The new Home button is capacitive, meaning it can only be used when a conductive
object - like a finger - is used to press it.

iPhone 7 HissGate: Apple customers report hearing hissing sounds coming from
their new iPhones

That means if you're wearing thick winter gloves, the new Home button won't
respond to your touch.

The issue was first brought to light by British Twitter user Myke Hurley:

Some were quick to point out that the iPhone 7 was, after all, designed in
California, where gloves are rarely worn, due to the warm climate.

However, it's unlikely to be too much of an issue, as Apple's new iOS 10
software has a feature called "Raise to Wake", which automatically turns on the
screen so you can see your notifications every time you pick up your phone.

Doing much more than this would require you to remove your gloves anyway, as the
iPhone screen itself has always been capacitive.

People who were most excited about the new iPhone 7 are now 'absolutely fuming'

Gloves with conductive fingertips are also becoming more common, allowing you to
use your phone without removing your gloves.

There are mixed reports about whether these work with the iPhone 7's home
button, but if you're desperate, they're certainly worth a shot.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             820 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                     January 14, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Recently Awarded Patent Suggests Apple Highlighting Better High-Quality Speakers
for iPhone 7

BYLINE: John DiPietro

LENGTH: 299  words


Good news for iPhone lovers who are eagerly waiting for the company to release
its new model: iPhone 7. Despite of an update of the solid number from iPhone 5
and iPhone 6 to iPhone 7, what else new feature you can expect the company can
bring in iPhone 7? A recently awarded patent suggests that Apple will be
highlighting better, high-quality speakers for thinner devices in its new iPhone
7. Another interesting thing that has been heard is that the next iOS-powered
smartphone will have a single lightning port for headphones to support
better-quality audio. The patent granted to Apple yesterday alludes to a new
method of getting better audio quality with higher volumes from slimmer devices.
Along with the added features, Apple seems to be suggesting more internal space
within the iPhone 7.

As per the patent, the audio elements used may include drivers or receivers,
which 'can be mounted on or coupled to an intermediate structure'. The 9To5Mac
suggests that the patent describes that more of the internal space of the device
will act as an audio chamber, meaning the internal components of the device will
act as speaker. TechnoBuffalo also suggests that the 'flexible electrical
substrate' may be referring to a part of the display panel.

Looking at the technique described in the patent, it resembles closely with the
same principle found in the iPad Pro's speakers. The large Apple tablet uses
four speakers combined to audio chambers within the chassis, which enables it to
produced full-bodied and higher-volume audio. Apple has put a lot of focus in
high quality audio as they've been reportedly planning to replace the 3.5mm
headphone jack with a single Lightning port. Some sources also report that the
tech giant will be releasing new wire-free Bluetooth EarPods called AirPods.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             821 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Will the iPhone 7 be waterproof? Latest rumours ahead of Apple launch on
Thursday

SECTION: BUSINESS; General

LENGTH: 321 words


With Apple"s next announcement just days away, predictions for features in the
much anticpated iPhone 7 are in overdrive.

Apple"s September 7 (5am September 8 NZT) announcement is when the tech giant
unveils its new devices and the star of the show is expected to be the heavily
rumoured iPhone 7.

KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who last year correctly predicted Apple
would launch the iPhone SE, expects the iPhone 7 to be waterproof, according to
a 9to5Mac report.

Watch: First look at the iPhone 7:

The report from KGI Securities said the iPhone 7 would have a waterproof rating
of IPX7, on par with the Apple Watch. This rating would mean the phone would
withstand immersion in water up to 1 metre for up to 30 minutes.

The iPhone 7 will also come in two new color options which KGI describes as
"dark black" and glossy "piano black", replacing space grey.

KGI predicts the iPhone 7 screen display will also be getting an upgrade,
although size and resolution will stay the same. The screen display will "copy"
the visual features of the iPad Pro, meaning it will render wide-colour imagery.

Heavy speculation suggests Apple will add a second camera lens to the rear of
the smartphone for the first time while also removing the headphone jack and
moving to wireless earphones. On the storage front, Apple is expected to dump
its 16GB and 64GB options for new 32GB, 128GB and 256GB tiers.

A second generation of the Apple Watch and more information on iOS 10 could also
be revealed at the event in San Francisco.

Tech journalists from around the world attend the event to witness the launch of
the new devices first hand.

Apple always live-streams its launch events and people wanting to watch the
event on a Mac can open Safari, go to the Apple website and watch it live.

On an iPhone or iPad open Safari and visit the Apple website to watch it live.

For live coverage of the event visit nzherald.co.nz from 5am Thursday morning.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             822 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 11, 2016 Sunday

Apple trade partners Redington & Brightstar gear up for iPhone 7 launch in India

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 380 words


Apple's trade partners such as Redington and Brightstar started preparations for
special events and midnight launches of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus at key
locations on October 7, as the smartphone maker plans to begin sales in India
within three weeks of dong so overseas.Redington India, among the largest trade
partners for Apple, said it will sell iPhones at 3,000 retail locations across
India. Beetel Teletech, a Brightstar company, said it will sell the new phones
at 2,000 retail outlets in the northern and eastern regions.Apple sells phones
in India through four distributors - the other two are Ingram Micro and Rashi
Peripherals. Rashi Peripherals has plans to sell the devices through 1,000
retail outlets.

Ingram said it will hold launch events at some of the 200 stores in Delhi,
Mumbai and Bengaluru where it will sell the phones.Beetel said it will organise
events across the National Capital Region on the launch day. Redington will hold
special events at select stores in key cities.US-based Apple has earmarked 100
crore towards marketing, branding and advertising in India, ET reported on
Thursday. The company has put special focus on the South Asian nation during its
current fiscal year ending September. CEO Tim Cook made a nearly week long trip
to Indian this year when he met the Prime Minister to discuss plans for the
local market.Meanwhile, Apple clarified that it will continue to sell older
models including the iPhone 5s, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in the Indian market,
even as it begins sales of the latest flagships.The company said it had not
stopped sales of the two-year old models in India, even though they have been
removed from the company's India website. The removal triggered speculation that
the models would be discontinued.Apple has upgraded storage capacities of iPhone
6s and iPhone 6s Plus which will be available in 32GB and 128GB variants. The
16GB and 64GB storage versions will be phased out.The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
will come in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB storage options, starting at 60,000. Official
prices of the higher storage variants are yet to be announced, but are likely
cost 10,000-11,000 more than the base model. The iPhone 7 Plus 32GB entry model
may be priced at 72,000.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             823 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                             May 25, 2016 Wednesday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Rumor roundup: Apple iPhone 7 already buzzing online

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 545 words


Although the next iPhone isn't expected to land until September, the upcoming
Apple handset has already got the internet awash with rumors and leaks. So
what's already known about the device and which of the many rumors could turn
out to be true? Read on to find out ...

Launch date Unless Apple suddenly and unexpectedly changes its long-standing
schedule, the iPhone 7 will be presented, as usual, around mid-September time,
before going on sale one to two weeks later. Prices of the different versions
should remain more or less stable, perhaps with a slight increase, as per
previous years.

Design and finish
It's often rumors about the design of upcoming iPhones that create the most
online chatter ... but that's not the case this year. Rumors suggest that the
handset's overall look isn't likely to change much until 2017, marking the 10th
anniversary of the iPhone. Several leaks show an iPhone 7 with more or less the
same dimensions as its predecessor, but with a slightly larger and repositioned
rear-facing camera.

New specs
Like for the run up to the iPhone 6s, online rumors are again suggesting a new
waterproof handset. In terms of technology, Apple is almost certainly capable of
designing a waterproof model, and a host of (unofficial) sources claim that the
iPhone 6s is already water-resistant. But unlike Sony and Samsung, who already
sell waterproof mobiles, Apple doesn't seem ready to join the party.

Over the last few days, some very persistent rumors have surfaced predicting a
new storage capacity for the top-of-the-range model, upped from the current 128
GB to 256 GB. Some sources also suggest that the iPhone 7 could feature wireless
charging, with an induction-based charging system.

Multifunction connector
Another new feature -- this time purportedly heading only to the iPhone 7 Plus
(the largest version) -- could be the Smart Connector, as already seen on
Apple's iPad Pro. This connection port transfers both power and data to
compatible accessories such as keyboards and external batteries. This already
existing feature has a good chance of landing on the upcoming iPhone.

No headphones socket
One of the rumors that's causing the biggest stir on social networks suggests
that Apple could be removing the headphones jack from the iPhone 7. This would
be replaced by Apple's Lightning connector which, until now, has served to
recharge the handset or connect it to a computer. A few models of headphones
also use this type of connection rather than a standard jack. However, a fresh
leak showing what is said to be a photo of the printed circuit board for the new
iPhone contradicts the initial rumor.

A sudden jump for supplier shares
It's not just Apple's shares that shoot up on the back of positive rumors. The
firm's main suppliers in Asia -- including Foxconn, Pegatron, Catcher Technology
and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) -- have seen their shares
jump following a story in a Taiwanese newspaper claiming that the Cupertino tech
firm had ordered 72 million iPhone 7 handsets, beating the 65 million predicted
by analysts.

The outlook
Leaks and rumors have contributed to the global success of the iPhone since its
launch in 2007. This will no doubt be the case again in 2016, whether or not
they turn out to be true.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2016 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                             824 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                          September 12, 2013 Thursday

Review: Slick iOS 7 shines on Apple's new iPhones

SECTION: BUSINESS; General

LENGTH: 1029 words


CUPERTINO, California (AP) One of the best things about Apple's latest iPhones
is the slick new iOS 7 software that runs the devices. But that souped-up
operating system could end up hurting sales because the free software upgrade
will also work on iPhones released since 2010, giving owners of the older models
less incentive to buy Apple's newest products.

Perhaps unwittingly, even Apple's software boss Craig Federighi alluded to this
potential problem while he was bragging about iOS 7 at the company's unveiling
of its new phones Tuesday. He predicted that anyone who elects to install the
software will feel "like they're getting an all-new device."

I understood what Federighi meant once I was able to see the iOS 7's
improvements in action on Apple's two new iPhones, the 5C and the 5S. Although
Apple announced iOS 7 at a conference three months ago, Tuesday marked the first
time the company allowed reporters to experience the software hands-on.

Although the iPhone 5C is less expensive than its predecessor, the iPhone 5, iOS
7 almost made it look fancier than previous generations. As an iPhone 5 owner, I
was feeling a bit envious until I remembered that I'll be able to spiff up my
device, too, when the software is released on Sept. 18. The operating system
will work on the iPhone 4 and later models, iPad 2s and subsequent versions, and
the iPod Touch that came out late last year.

iOS 7 looks much different than previous versions of the operating system
because it no longer displays iPhone apps as three-dimensional, embossed objects
meant to mirror their real-world counterparts. The icons instead are flatter and
more colorful.

Any significant change in design typically upsets users familiar with the old
way of doing things, but I suspect the complaints about iOS 7 will be muted
unless there are some terrible bugs in the software that weren't evident during
the brief time that I was given to experiment.

I am fairly certain most people who download iOS 7 are going to be pleased. The
software makes it easier to navigate around an iPhone and adds some compelling
new features.

The additions include the ability to stream music through an
advertising-supported service called iTunes Radio and five free apps that used
to cost consumers anywhere from 99 cents to $4.99 apiece. The free apps are
Apple's photo-editing tool, iPhoto, and video-editing program, iMovie, as well
as work-oriented apps called Pages, Numbers and Keynote.

Apple doesn't appear to be removing any popular apps built into the operating
system, as best as I could tell. The company did that last year when it replaced
Google's mapping app with its own navigation system only to be ridiculed for
misguiding users with shoddy directions. Apple isn't bringing back Google Maps
with iOS 7, but it is promising that its alternative is getting better.

The software upgrade also will make it easier to take better pictures on the
iPhone and automatically sort photos into different categories to denote
particular events. I particularly liked a feature that lets you control how the
camera operates by toggling between options at the bottom of the screen with the
swipe of a finger. Once the camera is open in IOS 7, the choices include taking
a square, panoramic or standard photo. The bottom-of-the screen controls also
include an option to switch to video mode.

When taking a picture in iOS 7, photographers can also choose a filter to use as
they snap the photo rather than waiting to touch up the shot later. When
shooting video, shots can be zoomed in while recording. I can't do any of that
on my iPhone 5 because it is still powered by iOS 6.

The new system also makes it easier to see and scroll through apps more quickly
by clicking twice on the home button. When this action is performed in iOS 6,
the iPhone apps are spread across a horizontal row at the bottom of the screen.
Do the same thing in iOS 7, and the apps are transformed into large tiles
displayed horizontally across the center of the screen in an effort to help
users do more multitasking on the iPhone.

Apple is also making it easier to access frequently used controls such as and
airplane mode by enabling users to pull up the panel from the bottom of the
display screen instead of finding and pressing a settings option.

Other than the new software, the iPhone 5C isn't anything special, as one might
expect from a cheaper phone.

The only thing that really distinguishes the 5C from the iPhone 5 is that it's
housed in plastic instead of aluminum. Some consumers will no doubt like the
plastic alternative because it comes in five colors: green, blue, yellow, pink
and white. The price also may be more appealing, with the 5C starting at $99
with a two-year wireless contract, a $100 discount from iPhone models released
in previous years.

A higher-end iPhone dubbed the 5S boasts several advantages that aren't
available on any other model. The coolest innovation allows you to use your
fingerprint to unlock the iPhone 5S instead of relying on a four-digit code that
has to be repeatedly typed in. The fingerprint reader can also be used to access
Apple's apps and iTunes store instead of a password.

Apple CEO Tim Cook thinks the fingerprint scanner will revolutionize technology
security. "There is going to be a whole new generation of kids who grow up not
knowing what a password is," Cook predicted during a brief discussion with a
small group of reporters after he left the room where Apple was demonstrating
its new iPhones.

I found the fingerprint scanner, called "Touch ID," simple to use during my
brief test of the 5S. It just took less than a minute for the phone to record
the fingerprint on my thumb, instructing me along the way. Once my prints were
in the phone's memory bank, all I had to do was lightly press on the home button
when the 5S was locked in sleep mode and it quickly opened.

The 5S also contains a faster processor and technological wizardry designed to
take sharper pictures and even record slow-motion video.

Best of all, though, the 5S comes with the iOS 7. I am already looking forward
to downloading the software next week so I can simulate what it's like to have a
new iPhone for free.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             825 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Mercury News (California)

                           September 13, 2016 Tuesday

Apple iPhone 7 pre-orders strong, say Sprint and T-Mobile

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 240 words


When analysts heard last week that Apple would not be releasing first-weekend
pre-orders for the iPhone 7, at least one said it was an indication that the
company knew its product was cmature.c But Sprint and T-Mobile, two of the
nationcs biggest wireless carriers, on Tuesdaycsaid their pre-orders showcplenty
of demand for Applecs newest smartphone.

T-Mobile said orders for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus over the weekend (Friday
through Monday) cshattered all previous pre-order recordsc at the carrier. It
also said pre-registrations before then also broke records.

Sprint said pre-orders were up more thanc375 percent in the first three days
compared with last year.

Neither of the rival carriers provided actual numbers of orders, but both
T-Mobile CEO John Legere and Sprint CEO Marcelo Claure attributed the rise in
numbers to their networksc superior offerings, of course.

The carriersc reports contradict a survey released Monday that said iPhone 7
demand was down compared with the demand for the iPhone 6 last year.

Apple shares are up more than 2.5 percent to $108.11 amid a mostly down day for
the stock markets.

The new iPhones will be available at stores starting Friday.

c

Photo:cApple CEO Tim Cook introduces the iPhone 7 at the Bill Graham Civic
Auditorium in San Francisco, Calif., Sept. 7, 2016. (Gary Reyes/Bay Area News
Group)

The post Apple iPhone 7 pre-orders strong, say Sprint and T-Mobile appeared
first on SiliconBeat .

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             826 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

That's jack s#*%! iPhone 7 headphone fury

BYLINE: Sophia Rosenbaum and Danika Fears

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 714 words


The biggest news at Apple's iPhone 7 product launch on Wednesday wasn't about
what's in, but rather, what's out.

The latest version of the iPhone will be entering a brave new wireless world -
without a standard headphone jack.

Apple called the move courageous, while Twitter and other online critics quickly
let out a collective groan.

"The reason to move on: courage," insisted Apple executive Phil Schiller during
the presentation. "The courage to move on and do something new that betters all
of us."

The new, sleeker model - which is water and dust resistant - will come with
special headphones that fit into the device's Lightning connection port, which
in past models was solely the charging port.

But the tech giant hopes users will splurge on its new wireless earbuds, called
Apple AirPods, which require charging and will cost an extra $159 when they
become available in late October.

"We do have a vision for how audio should work on mobile devices: wireless,"
said Schiller. "No one has taken this on and made it easy."

Apple fans who want to use their current headphones will have to plug them into
an adapter that will come with each device.

"I don't even own the new iPhone yet but I can guarantee you I have already lost
one of my AirPod ear buds," "Modern Family" actor Jesse Tyler Ferguson tweeted.

Less controversial announcements included much-improved cameras for both the
iPhone 7 and the larger iPhone 7 Plus.

The Plus will have a dual-camera system on the back that takes sharper images
and has better zoom capabilities thanks to a wide-angle and telephoto lens.

Both phones, which now also come in a glossy black color, have slightly longer
battery lives and stereo speakers, the company said. The phone's home button is
changing, too, with a 3-D Touch feature that performs different tasks depending
on how hard users press on it.

As for Apple Watch, the latest version is swim-proof and has a built-in GPS
system, which the company hopes will attract fitness enthusiasts.

"The watch will learn about you over time," Jeff Williams, Apple's chief
operating officer, said. "You'll get GPS-accurate pace and distance."

Pokémon Go addicts also have cause for celebration - the latest watch will work
with the mobile game. Gamers can get their nostalgia fix with a new Super Mario
Run app for the iPhone to be released in time for the holidays.

Airpods

* Wireless headphones that seamlessly integrate with all Apple products

* Siri-enabled

* Powered by W1 wireless chip

* Five hours of listening time

* 24-hour, custom-designed charging case for extra battery life

* Available in late October

* Price: $159

iPhone 7

* 12-megapixel camera with optical image stabilization and f/1.8 aperture that
allows more light into the lens, 7-megapixel FaceTime HD camera on front and a
flash that's 50 percent brighter than 6s

* A10 chip that will make the phone 2 times faster than the iPhone 6 and run on
one-fifth the power, increasing battery life by two hours

* Water and dust resistant

* No headphone jack

* Colors: Silver, gold, rose gold plus new jet black (glossy) and regular black
finishes

* Price: Starts at $649 for 32GB and goes up to $849 for 256GB

* Preorder: Starts Sept. 9

iPhone 7 Plus

* Two 12-megapixel cameras (one telephoto and one wide-angle) that enables up to
10 times the digital zoom on pictures

* 7-megapixel FaceTime HD camera on front

* Flash that's 50 percent brighter than 6s Plus

* A10 chip (same as iPhone 7)

* Water and dust resistant

* No headphone jack

* Colors: Same as iPhone 7

* Price: Starts at $769 for 34GB and goes up to $969 for 256GB

* Preorder: Starts Sept. 9

Apple Watch Series 2

* Water resistant up to 50 meters

* Built-in GPS that functions without the iPhone

* S2 chip with a dual-core processor that makes it 50 percent faster and two
times brighter than previous model

* Colors: Gold, rose-gold, silver and space-gray aluminum cases or silver or
space-black stainless-steel cases

* Price: Starts at $269 for aluminum models, $369 for stainless steel; new
ceramic option, starting at $1,249; partnerships with Hermès (starting at
$1,149) and Nike (starting at $369)

* Preorder: Starting Sept. 9

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: iPhone 7; iPhone 7 Plus; Apple Watch Series 2; Airpods.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             827 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                       April 10, 2016 Sunday 02:01 PM EST

iPhone 7 Rumor Rollup: No more swearing; Plus-size exclusive; new design concept

BYLINE: Bob Brown

SECTION: NEWSANALYSIS

LENGTH: 505  words


Click for image

Now that Apple is officially in its 40s, you might think the company would
settle down a bit and douse all those silly rumors about iPhone 7 smartphones
and so forth. But no, it looks like the Apple rumor mill isn't hitting any sort
of midlife crisis.

Exclusive to 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus?

Fretting has already begun, and now has intensified, that the much anticipated
dual-lens camera Apple is believed to be working on will only be available in
the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus model. And not everyone wants to lug around such a
big iOS device (isn't that part of the reason so many have ditched their
portable digital cameras and just use their smartphones for picture taking
now?).

As NW contributor Yoni Heisler wrote, though, this would really not be a
shocking move by Apple:

While this may be disappointing who find the 5.5-inch iPhone model to be a bit
unwieldy and cumbersome to use, it's not all that surprising. Going back to the
iPhone 6, Apple has always provided an incentive for users to upgrade to its
larger screened iPhone model. With the iPhone 6s lineup, for example, only the
iPhone 6s Plus was graced with optical image stabilization.

Boy Genius Report shared supposedly leaked images of the dual-lens camera module
posted by an Asian blog called Weibo.

Meanwhile, that pesky Chinese phone maker Huawei has beaten Apple to the punch
in introducing phones with dual camera lenses in the form of its new P9 and P9
Plus offerings. Double rear-facing cameras work together on these phones to
spruce up photos.

WWDC rumors begin

As if all that iPhone 5se noise from March wasn't enough of a distraction for
iPhone 7 enthusiasts, Apple might have a batch of news to share at its annual
Worldwide Developers Conference, most likely being held in June. Among the early
scuttlebutt: A thinner Apple Watch might debut. The iPhone Hacks blog reports
that Apple analyst Brian White has released a research note that refers to a 20%
to 40% thinner Apple Watch

Swearing off dirty words in songs

Apple has dragged the likes of U2 and OneRepublic on stage at its product
rollout events in recent years, but if it really wants to showcase a new dirty
word blocker possibly in the works, it might need to look for band that
specializes in explicit lyrics.

Business Insider Australia reports that Apple has been granted a patent for an
innovation that would strip out swear words in songs and replace the $@&# with
beeps or cleaner lyrics instead. There's no proof this will show up in time for
the iPhone 7 announcement, perhaps as an upgrade in iTunes or Apple Music, but
you have to figure Apple is going to throw a few interesting twists into its
anticipated fall announcements.

iPhone design concept of the week

Zoltan Major shared his iPhone 7 design concept on Behance.net, and those
designs have been livened up on YouTube, as you can see below. The concept
includes back and front 12mp cameras with an advanced lens system and a
ring-shaped flash that circles the lens. Haven't seen anyone put forth that
Flash Ring before...

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             828 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Kingston Whig-Standard

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Hit the road, jack

BYLINE: Brandon Bailey And Michael Liedtke, The Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C7

LENGTH: 721  words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Apple's latest iPhone may be more notable for what's missing from previous
models than what's being added. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus unveiled Wednesday won't
have an analog headphone jack - a longtime staple in just about every consumer
electronics device that can play audio. In doing so, Apple is betting that its
legions of loyal fans will embrace the shift to wireless headphones - or, if
they insist on sticking with their old ways, that they won't mind using earbuds
that plug into the iPhone's power port, or older headsets in conjunction with a
new adapter.

The redesigned earbuds - with cord - will be included with the new iPhones. Also
in the box: An adapter consisting of two plugs connected by a short length of
cable, which will connect older headphones to the charging port.

Wireless future looms But Apple is trying to push consumers to cut the cord with
their headphones and make the leap into what it envisions as a "wireless
future."

"The reason to move on is courage," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior
vice-president of worldwide marketing. "The courage to move on and do something
new that will benefit all of us."

As part of the transition, Apple also is introducing wireless "AirPods" that
will sell for $160.

Getting rid of the 3.5 millimeter headphone jack helped Apple make its new
iPhone slimmer, boost its battery lifetime and add other improvements, including
stereo speakers and a sharper camera. The iPhone 7 is also water resistant, a
popular feature that rivals such as Samsung Electronics already have been
offering.

Apple is trying to reverse its first decline in iPhone sales since the company's
late founder, Steve Jobs, unveiled the trendsetting device in 2007.

Apple sold nearly 92 million iPhones during the first six months of this year,
or about 15 per cent fewer than the same period last year. Industry analysts
blame the downturn on last fall's uninspiring rollout of the iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus, neither of which included enough compelling feature to persuade consumers
to replace the phones that they already owned.

Been there, done that Now the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus may be plagued by the same
syndrome.

Phone advances from Apple, Samsung and other smartphone makers in recent years
are becoming so run-of-the-mill that BGC analyst Colin Gillis says the industry
is gradually losing its ability to dazzle consumers. That's something Jobs was
famous for whenever he showed offnew products. In a Wednesday research note,
Gillis predicted that shopping for a new smartphones is becoming "like buying a
microwave - something people do, but not a major event." He believes Apple's
iPhone sales could decline by 5 per cent during the next year.

If that happens, it will be bad news for Apple, the world's most valuable
company. It relies on the iPhone for two-thirds of its revenue, partly because
the company hasn't been able to come up with another breakthrough innovation
under the leadership of CEO Tim Cook, Jobs' hand-picked successor.

Investors weren't very enthused about what they saw Wednesday. Apple's stock
shed 29 cents to $107.41 in late afternoon trading. The shares are stuck
slightly below their value a year ago when the last iPhone came out.

Better camera, processor Piper Jaffray's Gene Munster is among the industry
analysts predicting more dramatic changes to the iPhone next fall to herald the
10-year anniversary of the first model.

The most significant upgrades to this year's models include a faster processor
and a better camera, upgrades that Apple typically makes every year. The more
expensive and larger iPhone 7 Plus boasts the biggest change, with two digital
camera lenses. One will be for wideangle views and the other will have telephoto
capabilities, which Apple says will zoom in by up to 10 times while still
providing the same clarity as a shot on the standard distance setting.

The new iPhones will debut Sept. 16 in the U.S., China and more than two dozen
other countries. Orders will start this Friday.

The phones will offer more storage than earlier models. As people store more
photos and video on their phones, Apple is taking a cue from rival phone makers
and offering its starter model with 32 gigabytes of storage. It's still priced
at $650 for the iPhone 7 and $770 for the larger Plus model. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016
Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Ap; The lightning port of an iPhone 7 is shown
during an event to announce new Apple products Wednesday in San Francisco.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Kingston Whig-Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                             829 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           November 9, 2016 Wednesday

Despite high demand, Apple may fail to cash in on the absence of Samsung Note 7
due to supply issues

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 475 words


NEW DELHI: Apple is struggling to keep pace with demand for its latest iPhone
devices, especially, the higher priced iPhone 7 Plus with the larger screen
size, despite having brought in record units in the lead up to Diwali in
October, say retailers and industry insiders.

Analysts caution that while the sheer volume of shipments in October could point
towards a record October-December quarter for Apple where it could ship well
over a million devices, sustained supply issues could well mean the
Cupertino-based smartphone maker may not be able to fully cash in on the absence
of Samsung Note 7 with Google Pixel having just started sales.

"There are definitely supply issues and I don't see it easing up till January
because November-December is holiday season in US and Europe, so whatever
shipment are generated would be directed to these markets," said another chief
executive of a Delhi-based national mobile retail chain. A top executive at one
of the country's leading mobile retail chain headquartered out of Bangalore said
it had been getting a few 1,000 units a week for the iPhone 7 "but even fewer
for the 7 Plus".

Asked about the supply issues being faced, Apple pointed to the statement that
chief financial officer Luca Maestri had made in October, during the earnings
call for the quarter and year ended September 2016. "Worldwide demand for iPhone
7 and 7 Plus significantly outpace supply, particularly on iPhone 7 Plus, and
we're working very hard to get the new iPhones into the hands of our customers
as quickly as possible," Maestri had then said.

Executives at the company told ET said that supplies to India should stabilize
within a month. Apple has shipped over 200,000 units of the iPhone 7 in October,
and only 56,000 units of the larger-screen and dual-camera variant of its
flagship in India last month, far less than demand and inquiries being generated
across channels, say retailers. "It seems like Apple did not correctly
anticipate the demand," said Jaipal Singh, senior analyst at International Data
Corporation (IDC) India said. "If the supply issue continues for long, then it
will be a problem," he added.

Retailers add that while the Jet Black and Black colour variants across storage
variants are the most in demand for iPhone 7, all colour variants -- including
Gold, Rose Gold and Silver -- were out of stock for the iPhone 7 Plus. Apple
though shipped in over 430,000 iPhones in October, its highest ever in India, of
which more than half (62%) were shipments of its latest flagship series that
starts at Rs 60,000, over 30% were the iPhone 6 series, followed by the 5 series
and iPhone SE.

The company, which considers the South Asian nation as among the most important
emerging markets, brought in 10% higher number of units than October 2015,
according to data from Cybex Exim.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             830 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

New iPhone features nice, but fairly modest

BYLINE: Josh McConnell, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 511 words


If it's September, there must be a brand new iPhone line from Apple Inc. And if
this year's iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year's iPhone, that's
because, well, it is.

Called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time
Apple has not followed one of its S-series with a design change - a deviation
from its usual two-year design cycle. The height, width and depth dimensions of
the new phones are all identical to the previous iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, though
the weight is slightly less.

The Financial Post was one of a few media outlets globally to receive early
review units of both phones to test all of the new features.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that's up to 40 per cent faster than
last year's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50 per cent better
graphics capabilities.

The phones feel quicker in simple day-to-day tasks such as web browsing,
switching between apps or restarting. More intensive actions such as photo or
video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more quickly.

The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine vibration that
creates the illusion of the user pressing a button without anything actually
moving. Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them water and dust
resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help free up space internally for other technology, like a
bigger battery or the taptic engine. Regular headphones can now be connected
using an adapter, which will retail for only $10, for the device's Lightning
port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods that are being released in October. The only real usability issue with a
lack of headphone jack is when you want to charge your phone while listening to
music, which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the
new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved lowlight photos with
better detail and less graininess.

The smaller 4.4-inch iPhone is getting optical stabilization as well, which
features sensors that move the lens slightly to fight against handshake movement
and motion blur.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hoping you'll pay
extra for, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that's permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now "zoom in" optically when taking
photos without losing quality. Software also uses both lenses to create a better
digital zoom up to 10x, as opposed to the previous 5x.

The iPhone continues to be among the best smartphones on the market, but the new
version could be a tough sell for some. The new features seem fairly
incremental. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, The Associated Press; The new iPhone 7 features a
Lightning port but no headphone jack. The company said this was done to help
free up space internally for other technology, like a bigger battery.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             831 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                            September 9, 2016 Friday
                               HeraldSun Edition

iPhone 7 can shoot better

BYLINE: ROD CHESTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 380  words


APPLE has launched its new iPhone 7 to a very mixed -reception - an extra camera
has won praise but the axing of the headphone jack is being -criticised on
social media.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took the helm at Apple's biggest launch of the year in San
Francisco yesterday, also unveiling a new Apple Watch.

Both upgrades are smarter, faster and waterproof. The iPhone 7 can survive up to
30 minutes at a depth of a metre.

The timing of the iPhone event is perfect for Apple, coming just days after
rival -Samsung was forced to recall its flagship Note7 after a string of reports
of the phone bursting into flames while charging.

Technology analyst Jan Dawson, of Jackdaw Research, called the dual-lens camera
in the iPhone 7 Plus the "headline" of the event.

This is the first iPhone to have two rear 12-megapixel cameras, giving the
iPhone 7 Plus a 2x optical zoom and the ability to mimic the shallow
depth-of-field -effect from a digital SLR camera.

Mr Dawson said the dual-lens camera, only available in the bigger Plus-sized
iPhone, would boost sales. "This is going to increase average selling prices and
drive iPhone revenue growth," he said.

Mr Dawson said that Apple had work to do in selling its message, with a negative
reaction on social media to the news that Apple had ditched the 3.5mm audio
jack, which would force people to connect their headphones through the Lightning
port or switch to wireless headphones that need regularly charging.

Apple will ship an adaptor with the new iPhone that will let people connect
existing headphones through the Lightning port, but users cannot use wired
headphones and charge it at the same time.

Telsyte senior analyst Alvin Lee said only 35 per cent of Australians said they
were turned off from buying a smartphone without a headphone jack, and that
Apple buyers were less concerned about it being phased out.

Apple also released the second version of the Apple Watch, with a greater
emphasis on exercise. It now has built-in GPS and can be used to track kilojoule
burn while swimming. The watch is waterproof to 50m.

The iPhone 7 starts at $1079 and the iPhone 7 Plus starts at $1269. It goes on
sale in one week from today, as does the new watch, from $520.

rod.chester@news.com.auROD CHESTER TRAVELLED TO SAN FRANCISCO AS A GUEST OF
APPLE

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald Sun


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             832 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

Apple's new iPhone 7 models offer modest updates

LENGTH: 1009  words


Apple's new iPhone 7 devices are no breakthroughs.

The midsize iPhone 7 and the jumbo-sized iPhone 7 Plus look much the same as
last year's versions. In fact, they look little different from the iPhone 6 and
6 Plus of two years ago.

The new phones work much the same way, too. And while they have some cool new
tweaks, they don't have any real must-have new features.

What the iPhone 7 models do offer are a collection of new features and updates
that amount to a modest upgrade from last year's devices. They also offer a pair
of drawbacks-one big and one small-that you'll want to consider before
purchasing them.

The most significant update in either of the new iPhone 7 models is the new
dual-lens camera system in the Plus version. In addition to the wide-angle lens
that Apple has long used for its iPhone camera systems, that device now has,
right to the side of it, a second zoom lens.

If you tap on a virtual button in the iPhone's Camera app, you can switch over
to that lens and zoom in twice as close as with the regular camera lens.

Now, you may wonder what's so great about that. The iPhone and other smartphones
have offered zoom features for years. But they relied on digital zoom, which
basically just crops parts off of a full-resolution photograph and, in the
process, lowers its resolution. Optical zoom, which is what the new lens offers,
gives you a zoomed in image at full resolution and detail.

The zoom lens on the iPhone 7 Plus is easy to use and works great. I tested it
out shooting pictures of flowers in my front yard and my dog sitting on a bed.
The pictures looked sharp. It's not going to offer you anything close to the
zooming capability that you'd get from a true telephoto lens on a high-end
camera, but it's a big improvement.

And it should get even better soon. Apple plans to offer a software update in
coming months that will give the zoom lens the ability to detect the distance of
objects in your pictures and, knowing that, to blur out what's in the
background. The resulting pictures should look like those you might take with
one of those high-end cameras.

The only disappointing thing about the zoom lens is that Apple is only offering
it on the Plus model, not the regular-sized iPhone 7. I tend to find the jumbo
version too big for my hand and pockets-not to mention that it costs $120
more-and I'm not sure the zoom lens, as cool as it is, is worth the trade-off.

But Apple didn't exactly neglect the regular iPhone 7 camera. Both new models
have a new camera system that does a better job of taking pictures in low light.
Apple has brought image stabilization-which helps to prevent blurry photos or
jerky video-to the regular-sized iPhone 7; previously it was only available on
the large-screened model. And it has upgraded the front camera of both phones to
a 7-megapixel sensor from a 5-megapixel one, which should mean sharper selfies.

The other big change with the iPhone 7 models is that they are the first of
Apple's smartphones to be water and dust-resistant. According to Apple, they are
compliant with a standard called IP67. Apple says the new phones are
water-resistant to 1 meter-about 3 feet-for up to 30 minutes. That won't allow
you to take them snorkeling-at least not without a case-but should provide some
needed reassurance that your phone won't be fried if you get thrown in the pool
with it in your pocket or you accidentally drop it in the toilet.

The new phones offer some other long-needed upgrades. For example, Apple says
it's bumped up the battery life on both phones-at least for some uses-by an hour
or more. I didn't get to test that claim thoroughly, but my observation was that
the new phones were lasting significantly longer than my iPhone 6s.

Apple also is offering more storage space at the same price as earlier models.
The base iPhone 7 models now come with 32 gigabytes of storage, up from 16
gigabytes. And the top-of-the-line versions include 256 gigabytes, up from 128
gigabytes. With all the photos, music, apps and more that we're storing on our
phones these days, more space is always welcome.

What isn't so welcome are a couple of other changes. The one that's generated
the most controversy is the removal of the headphone jack. I've already written
about why this was a bad move for consumers. But having the iPhone 7 in hand
confirmed that opinion.

While Apple is including an adapter with the new phones that will allow users to
plug older headphones into them, that adapter is small and easy to lose. And
it's just going to be a pain to have to have it plugged in-or on hand-all the
time just to use older headsets or to connect your phone to older car audio
systems.

While Apple is also providing a pair of headphones that will plug into the
phones' Lightning charging port, it isn't providing an adapter so that you can
plug them into a headphone jack. So unless you buy an adapter on your own, you
won't be able to use them with even a Mac laptop, much less just about any other
non-Apple device out there.

The other change I wasn't happy with is Apple's decision to replace the old
mechanical home button with a new electronic one. Instead of actually depressing
when you press down on it, like the old one did, the new one vibrates to
simulate a press.

While you can adjust the sensation so that it's stronger or weaker, it doesn't
feel like a real button. Instead, it feels like you're mashing your thumb
against a pane of glass.

The change-like the ditching of the headphone jack-provides Apple with more
interior space inside for new sensors and other features, including a new
touch-feedback system. It's possible over time that those high-tech features
will outweigh the loss of the analog ones they're replacing. But right now, I'm
not happy with the trade-offs.

On balance, though, the new features and updates the iPhone 7 models offer are
compelling, if modest. If you're in the market for a new iPhone any way-or are
part of one of the early-upgrade programs-you won't be disappointed by the new
phone. But if you can wait, you won't be missing out on much.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             833 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                           September 19, 2016 Monday

Shenzhen seizes 400 iPhone 7 smuggled from Hong Kong in one day

SECTION: ECONOMY

LENGTH: 183 words


Customs officials in the southern Chinese city of Shenzhen seized more than 400
new iPhone 7 smuggled into the mainland from Hong Kong on the day of their
release, reported Southern Metropolis Daily.

IPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus smartphones were seized in more than 60 cases when
smugglers tried to sneak them through two checkpoints into the mainland, where
Apple handsets fetch a higher price.

The first case happened at 1 p.m. on Friday when a passenger attempted to bring
five brand-new iPhone 7s through the customs checkpoint of Futian in Shenzhen.

At 4 p.m., mainland and Hong Kong customs authorities announced a joint campaign
against iPhone smuggling as 10 suspects were placed under close supervision and
44 iPhone 7s were seized.

From 6:30 to 7 p.m., the Futian checkpoint reported finding seven more smugglers
who taped 190 iPhone 7s to their bodies. One said he earned about 300 yuan ($45)
for smuggling some 20 handsets.

The seized iPhone 7s have a market price of 3 million yuan and will be put up
for public auction, with the income turned over to the state treasury, said a
customs official.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                             834 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 19, 2016 Monday

Shenzhen seizes 400 iPhone 7 smuggled from Hong Kong in one day

LENGTH: 183  words


Customs officials in the southern Chinese city of Shenzhen seized more than 400
new iPhone 7 smuggled into the mainland from Hong Kong on the day of their
release, reported Southern Metropolis Daily.

IPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus smartphones were seized in more than 60 cases when
smugglers tried to sneak them through two checkpoints into the mainland, where
Apple handsets fetch a higher price.

The first case happened at 1 p.m. on Friday when a passenger attempted to bring
five brand-new iPhone 7s through the customs checkpoint of Futian in Shenzhen.

At 4 p.m., mainland and Hong Kong customs authorities announced a joint campaign
against iPhone smuggling as 10 suspects were placed under close supervision and
44 iPhone 7s were seized.

From 6:30 to 7 p.m., the Futian checkpoint reported finding seven more smugglers
who taped 190 iPhone 7s to their bodies. One said he earned about 300 yuan ($45)
for smuggling some 20 handsets.

The seized iPhone 7s have a market price of 3 million yuan and will be put up
for public auction, with the income turned over to the state treasury, said a
customs official.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             835 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                               September 19, 2016

Shenzhen seizes 400 iPhone 7 smuggled from Hong Kong in one day

LENGTH: 183  words


Customs officials in the southern Chinese city of Shenzhen seized more than 400
new iPhone 7 smuggled into the mainland from Hong Kong on the day of their
release, reported Southern Metropolis Daily.

IPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus smartphones were seized in more than 60 cases when
smugglers tried to sneak them through two checkpoints into the mainland, where
Apple handsets fetch a higher price.

The first case happened at 1 p.m. on Friday when a passenger attempted to bring
five brand-new iPhone 7s through the customs checkpoint of Futian in Shenzhen.

At 4 p.m., mainland and Hong Kong customs authorities announced a joint campaign
against iPhone smuggling as 10 suspects were placed under close supervision and
44 iPhone 7s were seized.

From 6:30 to 7 p.m., the Futian checkpoint reported finding seven more smugglers
who taped 190 iPhone 7s to their bodies. One said he earned about 300 yuan ($45)
for smuggling some 20 handsets.

The seized iPhone 7s have a market price of 3 million yuan and will be put up
for public auction, with the income turned over to the state treasury, said a
customs official.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             836 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                    Trak.in

                      August 30, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone 7 & 7 Plus Launch Event Scheduled for Sept 7; Here's What You Should
Expect

BYLINE: Abhishek Joshi

LENGTH: 376  words


It is that time of the year when Apple unveils its latest products to everyone
in San Francisco. Apple has sent out invitations for this year's Keynote event
which everyone is excited for because the new line of iPhones, iPads and Macs is
expected to be unveiled at the event.

The Apple Keynote event will be held on 7th September, a Wednesday, at 10AM
Pacific Time or 10:30PM Indian Standard Time. While many of you won't be able to
attend it, you can watch it live too!

Requirements:

Live streaming uses Apple's HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) technology. HLS requires

     ·    iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch with Safari on iOS 7.0 or later
     ·    Mac with Safari 6.0.5 or later on OS X v10.8.5 or later
     ·    PC with Microsoft Edge on Windows 10
     ·    Streaming via Apple TV requires an Apple TV (2nd or 3rd generation)
          with software 6.2 or later or an Apple TV (4th generation)


The retail release date has been pegged at September 16 when the iPhones will be
officially available to customers for purchase.

What can you expect at the event?

It is quite apparent that the next generation iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be
unveiled at the event. However, what one doesn't know is that the next gen
iPhones will be sacrificing a few features and making way for some new exciting
ones.

First and foremost, it is rumoured that the new iPhones will abolish the 3.5mm
headphone jack and instead integrate it with the lightning port on the phones.
There have been mixed reactions and we're quite sure this will affect iPhone
sales in some way.

There have been a few design changes as well, more prominently at the back with
just bordered antenna lines and cleaner finish. There might also be two downward
facing speakers in the smartphones for crisper and louder sound.

Some rumours also suggest that iPhone could be dropping the iconic home button
and replacing it with a touch capacitive button, which might not go down well
with iPhone users. However these are just leaks and we're only about a week away
from the actual smartphone.

Other than iPhone, new generation iPads will also be unveiled, with a small
possibility of upgraded iMacs. The Macbooks are also due for an upgrade this
year and we shall see more powerful MacBook at this year's event, if not
earlier. TagsApple iPhone 7 iPhone sales launch

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 Trak.in, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             837 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                     October 13, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Things You Can Do Instead Of Buying The iPhone 7

BYLINE: Chandrakant 'CK' Isi

LENGTH: 507  words


Here's the interesting stuff you can get for Rs 60,000.

The latest duo of iPhones sport a sleek design, waterproof body, and they don't
explode like their biggest competitor. Little wonder then, the iPhone 7 and 7
Plus are among the best high-end handsets in the market. However, for most of us
Indians, the biggest issue with the latest iPhone is its pricing. Take for
instance the iPhone 7, which is relatively cheaper than the iPhone 7 Plus. Now
the 32 GB base model of the iPhone 7 costs a whopping Rs 60,000. I agree that
the latest iPhone is a performance beast with classy looks. However, 60k is a
lot of money that can be spent on some other interesting stuff such as: Thailand
holiday Rs 55,000 Instead of liking someone else's vacation photos from your
iPhone 7, pack your bags and hit the scenic beaches of Thailand or Singapore's
Sentosa Islands and Universal Studios theme park. Most of the deals found on
Kesari and Thomas Cook include airfares and five to six night stay in fancy
hotels. After this lavish holiday, you will still be left with enough money to
buy Xiaomi's Redmi 3S Prime and upload 'curated' photographs on Facebook and
Instagram.

Bike: Hero Glamour FI Rs 60,000 The Hero Glamour FI comes with a liquid cooled 4
stroke single cylinder 124.8 cc engine. The bike can reach the max speed of 91
Kmph. Available in red and blue, the bike is quite eye-catching for its price.
It is definitely not the top of the line two-wheeler, but surely beats playing
Asphalt 8 on your iPhone 7.

LG 42" TV Rs 59,899 The 42-inch TV comes with pixel dimensions of 1920x1080.
Unlike the competing products, this TV comes with an IPS panel. This means you
get rich colours and wide viewing angles. It comes with two speakers with 20
watts output. The TV also comes with Dolby Digital enhancement. Since TVs don't
become obsolete as as quickly as cellphones, it is a much wiser purchase.

Sony Home Theatre System (Blu-ray) Rs 60,000 If you already own a TV, it is time
to upgrade your sound system. To manufactur fancy-looking slim panels, TV makers
compromise on the speaker system. Hence, to complement the big screen, you
should ideally buy a good home theatre system. If you are looking for something
that costs as much as a latest iPhone, Sony's BDV-N9200W is a great option. The
system comes with a 5.1 surround sound with high resolution audio. The tree way
speaker boast of wireless rear speakers that save you from the hassle of wire
management. For easy connectivity, it features bluetooth, NFC, and Miracast.

Xbox One And PS4 Rs 28,000 + Rs 28,000 After the recent price cuts, these gaming
consoles are so well priced that you can buy two of these mean machines for the
price of the iPhone 7. Sony's console comes with killer exclusives such as the
Uncharted series, DriverClub, and Street Fighter. On the other hand, Microsoft's
gaming machine comes with blockbusters such as Halo, Gears of War, Quantum
Break, Forza to name a few. If you are finding it hard to choose between these
two, you can buy them both for Rs 56,000 (I kid).

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             838 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

No headphone jack in iPhone 7 according to Amazon.com page

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 128 words


NEW DELHI: Amazon.com put up its page selling iPhone 7 accessories an hour ahead
of launch of the latest iPhone.

The page reveals that there is no headphone jack in the new iPhone.

https://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_ss_c_1_12?url=search-alias%3Dmobile&field-key
words=iphone+7+accessories&sprefix=iphone+7+acc%2Cmobile%2C532

Finally, the mystery is over and fans all over the world know what at least one
part of the iPhone 7 looks like.

It is without the headphone jack if we go by the accessories page for the iPhone
.

Not for nothing do we say at ECONOMICTIMES.COM that if you cannot get the dope
out of the subject, by all means hound the subjects business partners.

That gave us the lowdown on this new product, followed worldwide today.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             839 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Irish Daily Mail

                          September 10, 2016 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Apple phone costs (EURO)280 more here than in US

BYLINE: Darren Hassett

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 389 words


IRISH people will pay up to (EURO)280 more for the new top-of-therange iPhone
models than customers across the water in the US, it has emerged.

The new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus - launched this week by the tech giant Apple - have
been available for pre-order in Ireland since yesterday.

However, customers here will pay significantly more for the coveted smartphones
than their counterparts in America.

The new iPhones cost between (EURO)208 and (EURO)280 more in Ireland - depending
on the model and memory capacity - than they do in the US.

An iPhone 7 with 256GB of memory can be pre-ordered here for (EURO)999, but that
same phone is sold in the US for just (EURO)753 at the current exchange rate - a
difference of (EURO)246.

Pricing differences on the larger iPhone 7 Plus are higher, with US prices
starting from (EURO)682 - once converted into euro - for a phone with 32GB of
memory.

But here the same model is priced at (EURO)919 - a jump of (EURO)237.

The biggest price variation applies to customers looking for 256GB of memory
with the iPhone 7 Plus. In the US it will cost (EURO)859 once exchange rates are
factored in, while here the same phone will set you back (EURO)1,139 - a price
difference of (EURO)280.

Customers here have been able to order the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus since
yesterday, with availability beginning next Friday, September 16. It will come
in five colour choices: jet black, black, silver, gold and rose gold.

Apple says the price variation is caused by 'several factors'. In a statement to
the Irish Daily Mail, the tech company said: 'Apple suggests product prices
internationally on the basis of several factors, including currency exchange
rates, local import laws, business practices, taxes, and the cost of doing
business.

'These factors vary from region to region and over time, such that international
prices are not always comparable to US suggested retail prices.' Apple also took
account of the recent currency fluctuations with the US dollar in the re-pricing
of its new iPhone range. One euro is currently worth $1.13 in the foreign
exchange rates.

But while the costs may be offputting, the new phones do provide benefits, as
the battery life has been improved - with the iPhone 7 having two more hours of
life than the iPhone 6, and one hour more than the iPhone 6s.

Variation 'caused by several factors'

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DML


          Copyright 2016 Irish Daily Mail - Associated Newspapers Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             840 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                      November 8, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone 7 to Come In 'Jet White' Color Option?

BYLINE: Phalgunn Maharishi

LENGTH: 213  words


After all the recent specifications rested down with the launch of new Apple
devices, a new set of speculations arise!

So far, all speculations about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, ditching of the
headphone jack, and MacBook's new OLED touch bar have turned out true. But, it
looks like the rumour mill doesn't stop though!

A recent report seems to have claimed that a fresh variant of the recently
launched iPhones would be brought in to the market, with a 'Jet White' color,
according to Gadgets 360.

The report originates from Mac Otakara and claims that the 'Jet White' color
variant will be available in both 4.7 inch and 5.5 inch Plus variant. Adding
further, a concept image that shows iPhone 7 in 'Jet White' color scheme has
also been shared in the same report. However, there seems to be no information
as to when the white variant of iPhone 7 be available in the market.

Though the report by Mac Otakara specifies about the 'Jet White' color variant
of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, we can clearly see a disclaimer that states the
source may not be reliable, which means, it is advised not to trust the latest
rumour with a blind eye.

However, as of now, officially, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus smartphones are
available only in Gold, Silver, Black Matte, and Jet Black color schemes.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             841 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Packet & Times (Orillia)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Apple unveils iPhone 7 with better camera, no headphone jack

BYLINE: Brandon Bailey And Michael Liedtke, The Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 542  words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Apple's latest iPhone may be more notable for what's missing from previous
models than what's being added. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus unveiled Wednesday won't
have an analog headphone jack - a longtime staple in just about every consumer
electronics device that can play audio.

In doing so, Apple is betting that its legions of loyal fans will embrace the
shift to wireless headphones - or, if they insist on sticking with their old
ways, that they won't mind using earbuds that plug into the iPhone's power port,
or older headsets in conjunction with a new adapter.

The redesigned earbuds - with cord - will be included with the new iPhones. Also
in the box: An adapter consisting of two plugs connected by a short length of
cable, which will connect older headphones to the charging port. Wireless future
looms But Apple is trying to push consumers to cut the cord with their
headphones and make the leap into what it envisions as a "wireless future."

"The reason to move on is courage ," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior
vice-president of worldwide marketing. "The courage to move on and do something
new that will benefit all of us."

As part of the transition, Apple also is introducing wireless "AirPods " that
will sell for $160.

Getting rid of the3.5 millimeter headphone jack helped Apple make its new iPhone
slimmer, boost its battery lifetime and add other improvements, including stereo
speakers and a sharper camera. The iPhone 7 is also water resistant, a popular
feature that rivals such as Samsung Electronics already have been offering.

Apple is trying to reverse its first decline in iPhone sales since the company's
late founder, Steve Jobs, unveiled the trendsetting device in 2007.

Apple sold nearly 92 million iPhones during the first six months of this year,
or about 15 per cent fewer than the same period last year. Industry analysts
blame the downturn on last fall's uninspiring rollout of the iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus, neither of which included enough compelling feature to persuade consumers
to replace the phones that they already owned. Been there , done that Now the
iPhone 7 and 7 Plus may be plagued by the same syndrome.

Phone advances from Apple, Samsung and other smartphone makers in recent years
are becoming so run-of-the-mill that BGC analyst Colin Gillis says the industry
is gradually losing its ability to dazzle consumers. That's something Jobs was
famous for whenever he showed off new products.

In a Wednesday research note, Gillis predicted that shopping for a new
smartphones is becoming "like buying a microwave - something people do, but not
a major event." He believes Apple's iPhone sales could decline by 5 per cent
during the next year.

If that happens, it will be bad news for Apple, the world's most valuable
company. It relies on the iPhone for two-thirds of its revenue, partly because
the company hasn't been able to come up with another breakthrough innovation
under the leadership of CEO Tim Cook, Jobs'hand-picked successor.

Investors weren't very enthused about what they saw Wednesday. Apple's stock
shed 29 cents to $107.41 in late afternoon trading. The shares are stuck
slightly below their value a year ago when the last iPhone came out.
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Ap; The lightning port of an iPhone 7 is shown
during an event to announce new Apple products Wednesday in San Francisco.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Packet & Times (Orillia)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             842 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              liverpoolecho.co.uk

                      August 30, 2016 Tuesday 8:04 AM GMT

Apple iPhone launch date CONFIRMED after months of speculation;
The latest handset from Apple will be revealed at a special event in America

BYLINE: By Amy Browne

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 427 words


The Apple iPhone7 is expected to be released next week.

The tech giant has invited the media to an event in San Francisco on Wednesday,
September 7 where it is believed the latest handset will be unveiled.

The press invitation simply reads 'See you on the 7th", which may allude to
iPhone 7, as well as the date. It also features a number of translucent coloured
bubbles, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to introduce new
coloured handsets. Or they could be water droplets - which would be relevant if
Apple was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone, as rumoured.

Apple often includes a hidden message on its invitations. The event is taking
place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

There has been much speculation about what the iPhone 7 will look like, with
supposedly leaked images emerging on social media over the last few months.

Rumours have surfaced that the new design will see the headphone socket ditched,
the home key removed in favour of an on-screen button, and a more powerful and
efficient processor.

It's also being claimed that the iPhone 7 will feature a dual-lens camera, which
could allow users to snap SLR quality photos and 3D images. A video by Unbox
Therapy has been uploaded to YouTube, showing a large cut out for the rear
camera on what it claims to be the flagship iPhone 7 transparent case.

However, if the leaked images are to be believed, the new model doesn't look
much different in size to the iPhone 6s, which has a thinner body and larger
screen than the iPhone 5 and iPhone 6.

It's unlikely that the iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than previous
models. Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

Supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research at
respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will come
with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

Tech fans gathered outside the Apple store at Liverpool One and queued through
the night to get their hands on the iPhone 6s, when it launched in September
2015. Queues are likely again when the latest model comes out.

The diehards included Matt Duffy, 34, from Wirral, who is sure to be one of the
first in the queue for the new iPhone, after he said: "I upgrade every year.
I've been further back in the queue before and your heart's racing wondering
whether you're going to get one."

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBLIV


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             843 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Brantford Expositor

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Hit the road, jack

BYLINE: Brandon Bailey And Michael Liedtke, The Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 722  words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Apple's latest iPhone may be more notable for what's missing from previous
models than what's being added. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus unveiled Wednesday won't
have an analog headphone jack - a longtime staple in just about every consumer
electronics device that can play audio.

In doing so, Apple is betting that its legions of loyal fans will embrace the
shift to wireless headphones - or, if they insist on sticking with their old
ways, that they won't mind using earbuds that plug into the iPhone's power port,
or older headsets in conjunction with a new adapter.

The redesigned earbuds - with cord - will be included with the new iPhones. Also
in the box: An adapter consisting of two plugs connected by a short length of
cable, which will connect older headphones to the charging port. Wireless future
looms But Apple is trying to push consumers to cut the cord with their
headphones and make the leap into what it envisions as a "wireless future."

"The reason to move on is courage ," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior
vice-president of worldwide marketing. "The courage to move on and do something
new that will benefit all of us."

As part of the transition, Apple also is introducing wireless "AirPods " that
will sell for $160.

Getting rid of the3.5 millimeter headphone jack helped Apple make its new iPhone
slimmer, boost its battery lifetime and add other improvements, including stereo
speakers and a sharper camera. The iPhone 7 is also water resistant, a popular
feature that rivals such as Samsung Electronics already have been offering.

Apple is trying to reverse its first decline in iPhone sales since the company's
late founder, Steve Jobs, unveiled the trendsetting device in 2007.

Apple sold nearly 92 million iPhones during the first six months of this year,
or about 15 per cent fewer than the same period last year. Industry analysts
blame the downturn on last fall's uninspiring rollout of the iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus, neither of which included enough compelling feature to persuade consumers
to replace the phones that they already owned. Been there , done that Now the
iPhone 7 and 7 Plus may be plagued by the same syndrome.

Phone advances from Apple, Samsung and other smartphone makers in recent years
are becoming so run-of-the-mill that BGC analyst Colin Gillis says the industry
is gradually losing its ability to dazzle consumers. That's something Jobs was
famous for whenever he showed off new products.

In a Wednesday research note, Gillis predicted that shopping for a new
smartphones is becoming "like buying a microwave - something people do, but not
a major event." He believes Apple's iPhone sales could decline by 5 per cent
during the next year.

If that happens, it will be bad news for Apple, the world's most valuable
company. It relies on the iPhone for two-thirds of its revenue, partly because
the company hasn't been able to come up with another breakthrough innovation
under the leadership of CEO Tim Cook, Jobs'hand-picked successor.

Investors weren't very enthused about what they saw Wednesday. Apple's stock
shed 29 cents to $107.41 in late afternoon trading. The shares are stuck
slightly below their value a year ago when the last iPhone came out. Better
camera , processor Piper Jaffray's Gene Munster is among the industry analysts
predicting more dramatic changes to the iPhone next fall to herald the 10-year
anniversary of the first model.

The most significant upgrades to this year's models include a faster processor
and a better camera, upgrades that Apple typically makes every year. The more
expensive and larger iPhone 7 Plus boasts the biggest change, with two digital
camera lenses. One will be for wideangle views and the other will have telephoto
capabilities, which Apple says will zoom in by up to 10 times while still
providing the same clarity as a shot on the standard distance setting.

The new iPhones will debut Sept. 16 in the U. S., China and more than two dozen
other countries. Orders will start this Friday.

The phones will offer more storage than earlier models. As people store more
photos and video on their phones, Apple is taking a cue from rival phone makers
and offering its starter model with 32 gigabytes of storage. It's still priced
at $650 for the iPhone 7 and $770 for the larger Plus model. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016
Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Ap; The lightning port of an iPhone 7 is shown
during an event to announce new Apple products Wednesday in San Francisco.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Brantford Expositor
                              All Rights Reserved


                             844 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                North Bay Nugget

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Hit the road, jack

BYLINE: Brandon Bailey And Michael Liedtke, The Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 722  words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Apple's latest iPhone may be more notable for what's missing from previous
models than what's being added. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus unveiled Wednesday won't
have an analog headphone jack - a longtime staple in just about every consumer
electronics device that can play audio.

In doing so, Apple is betting that its legions of loyal fans will embrace the
shift to wireless headphones - or, if they insist on sticking with their old
ways, that they won't mind using earbuds that plug into the iPhone's power port,
or older headsets in conjunction with a new adapter.

The redesigned earbuds - with cord - will be included with the new iPhones. Also
in the box: An adapter consisting of two plugs connected by a short length of
cable, which will connect older headphones to the charging port. Wireless future
looms But Apple is trying to push consumers to cut the cord with their
headphones and make the leap into what it envisions as a "wireless future."

"The reason to move on is courage ," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior
vice-president of worldwide marketing. "The courage to move on and do something
new that will benefit all of us."

As part of the transition, Apple also is introducing wireless "AirPods " that
will sell for $160.

Getting rid of the3.5 millimeter headphone jack helped Apple make its new iPhone
slimmer, boost its battery lifetime and add other improvements, including stereo
speakers and a sharper camera. The iPhone 7 is also water resistant, a popular
feature that rivals such as Samsung Electronics already have been offering.

Apple is trying to reverse its first decline in iPhone sales since the company's
late founder, Steve Jobs, unveiled the trendsetting device in 2007.

Apple sold nearly 92 million iPhones during the first six months of this year,
or about 15 per cent fewer than the same period last year. Industry analysts
blame the downturn on last fall's uninspiring rollout of the iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus, neither of which included enough compelling feature to persuade consumers
to replace the phones that they already owned. Been there , done that Now the
iPhone 7 and 7 Plus may be plagued by the same syndrome.

Phone advances from Apple, Samsung and other smartphone makers in recent years
are becoming so run-of-the-mill that BGC analyst Colin Gillis says the industry
is gradually losing its ability to dazzle consumers. That's something Jobs was
famous for whenever he showed off new products.

In a Wednesday research note, Gillis predicted that shopping for a new
smartphones is becoming "like buying a microwave - something people do, but not
a major event." He believes Apple's iPhone sales could decline by 5 per cent
during the next year.

If that happens, it will be bad news for Apple, the world's most valuable
company. It relies on the iPhone for two-thirds of its revenue, partly because
the company hasn't been able to come up with another breakthrough innovation
under the leadership of CEO Tim Cook, Jobs'hand-picked successor.

Investors weren't very enthused about what they saw Wednesday. Apple's stock
shed 29 cents to $107.41 in late afternoon trading. The shares are stuck
slightly below their value a year ago when the last iPhone came out. Better
camera , processor Piper Jaffray's Gene Munster is among the industry analysts
predicting more dramatic changes to the iPhone next fall to herald the 10-year
anniversary of the first model.

The most significant upgrades to this year's models include a faster processor
and a better camera, upgrades that Apple typically makes every year. The more
expensive and larger iPhone 7 Plus boasts the biggest change, with two digital
camera lenses. One will be for wideangle views and the other will have telephoto
capabilities, which Apple says will zoom in by up to 10 times while still
providing the same clarity as a shot on the standard distance setting.

The new iPhones will debut Sept.

16 in the U. S., China and more than two dozen other countries. Orders will
start this Friday.

The phones will offer more storage than earlier models. As people store more
photos and video on their phones, Apple is taking a cue from rival phone makers
and offering its starter model with 32 gigabytes of storage. It's still priced
at $650 for the iPhone 7 and $770 for the larger Plus model. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016
Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Ap; The lightning port of an iPhone 7 is shown
during an event to announce new Apple products Wednesday in San Francisco.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 North Bay Nugget
                              All Rights Reserved


                             845 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Owen Sound Sun Times

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Hit the road, jack

BYLINE: Brandon Bailey And Michael Liedtke, The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. D6

LENGTH: 722  words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Apple's latest iPhone may be more notable for what's missing from previous
models than what's being added. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus unveiled Wednesday won't
have an analog headphone jack - a longtime staple in just about every consumer
electronics device that can play audio.

In doing so, Apple is betting that its legions of loyal fans will embrace the
shift to wireless headphones - or, if they insist on sticking with their old
ways, that they won't mind using earbuds that plug into the iPhone's power port,
or older headsets in conjunction with a new adapter.

The redesigned earbuds - with cord - will be included with the new iPhones. Also
in the box: An adapter consisting of two plugs connected by a short length of
cable, which will connect older headphones to the charging port. Wireless future
looms But Apple is trying to push consumers to cut the cord with their
headphones and make the leap into what it envisions as a "wireless future."

"The reason to move on is courage ," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior
vice-president of worldwide marketing. "The courage to move on and do something
new that will benefit all of us."

As part of the transition, Apple also is introducing wireless "AirPods " that
will sell for $160.

Getting rid of the3.5 millimeter headphone jack helped Apple make its new iPhone
slimmer, boost its battery lifetime and add other improvements, including stereo
speakers and a sharper camera. The iPhone 7 is also water resistant, a popular
feature that rivals such as Samsung Electronics already have been offering.

Apple is trying to reverse its first decline in iPhone sales since the company's
late founder, Steve Jobs, unveiled the trendsetting device in 2007.

Apple sold nearly 92 million iPhones during the first six months of this year,
or about 15 per cent fewer than the same period last year. Industry analysts
blame the downturn on last fall's uninspiring rollout of the iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus, neither of which included enough compelling feature to persuade consumers
to replace the phones that they already owned. Been there , done that Now the
iPhone 7 and 7 Plus may be plagued by the same syndrome.

Phone advances from Apple, Samsung and other smartphone makers in recent years
are becoming so run-of-the-mill that BGC analyst Colin Gillis says the industry
is gradually losing its ability to dazzle consumers. That's something Jobs was
famous for whenever he showed off new products.

In a Wednesday research note, Gillis predicted that shopping for a new
smartphones is becoming "like buying a microwave - something people do, but not
a major event." He believes Apple's iPhone sales could decline by 5 per cent
during the next year.

If that happens, it will be bad news for Apple, the world's most valuable
company. It relies on the iPhone for two-thirds of its revenue, partly because
the company hasn't been able to come up with another breakthrough innovation
under the leadership of CEO Tim Cook, Jobs'hand-picked successor.

Investors weren't very enthused about what they saw Wednesday. Apple's stock
shed 29 cents to $107.41 in late afternoon trading. The shares are stuck
slightly below their value a year ago when the last iPhone came out. Better
camera , processor Piper Jaffray's Gene Munster is among the industry analysts
predicting more dramatic changes to the iPhone next fall to herald the 10-year
anniversary of the first model.

The most significant upgrades to this year's models include a faster processor
and a better camera, upgrades that Apple typically makes every year. The more
expensive and larger iPhone 7 Plus boasts the biggest change, with two digital
camera lenses. One will be for wideangle views and the other will have telephoto
capabilities, which Apple says will zoom in by up to 10 times while still
providing the same clarity as a shot on the standard distance setting.

The new iPhones will debut Sept. 16 in the U. S., China and more than two dozen
other countries. Orders will start this Friday.

The phones will offer more storage than earlier models. As people store more
photos and video on their phones, Apple is taking a cue from rival phone makers
and offering its starter model with 32 gigabytes of storage. It's still priced
at $650 for the iPhone 7 and $770 for the larger Plus model. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016
Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Ap; The lightning port of an iPhone 7 is shown
during an event to announce new Apple products Wednesday in San Francisco.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Owen Sound Sun Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             846 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                       April 19, 2015 Sunday 02:50 PM EST

iPhone 7 rumor rollup: Killer camera on the way?

BYLINE: Bob Brown

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 676  words


Click for image

Apple's confirmed-but-not-confirmed acquisition this past week of Israeli camera
maker LinX has iPhone 7 watchers wishing, begging and hoping that the next great
smartphone will incorporate advanced photo-taking technologies.

Neither Apple nor LinX is confirming the buyout, estimated at $20 million by the
Wall Street Journal, although Apple did give its standard response that it does
sometimes acquire small companies and is not compelled to let the public know.

Assuming this deal is real, Apple watchers have begun slobbering all over
themselves in anticipation of improved camera features for the next iPhone.
After all, the iPhone is one of the world's most popular cameras already, and is
Number 1 on photo-sharing site Flickr.

LinX boasts of its cameras that provide DSLR-like quality in small form factors
for smartphones, tablets and ultrabooks.LinX

LinX camera technology

From there, the rumors and speculation heat up. MacRumors nicely boils down the
possibilities that LinX presents, including technology that will enable Apple to
ditch the protruding cameras seen in its latest models, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

"LinX specializes in multi-aperture cameras for mobile devices, which offer
several benefits over single aperture cameras, including the ability to pack
impressive image quality in a smaller size."

SLR image quality, including better pictures indoors and in low lighting
situations, depth mapping for 3D models, are also possibilities, MacRumors
states.

The LinX technology might also help you muck around with your picture focus,
after the fact. According to LinX, "We allow Apps to freely use the 3D
information captured by our camera to achieve amazing new features such as the
ability to refocus an image after it has been captured, measurement of the true
dimensions of objects, 3D object modeling and real time background replacement
for video calls.

4K for iPhone 7?

Speaking of image quality, rumors popped up this past week that iPhone 7 could
glimmer with a 4K "ultra high definition" display thanks to new technology from
longtime Apple partner Sharp. Sharp earlier this month showed off a 5.5-inch LCD
display with 3860 x 2160 pixel resolution and 806 pixel density per inch in
China.

Apple's current 5.5-inch display on the 6 Plus has1920 x 1080 pixel resolution
and a density of 401 ppi.

Boy Genius Report calls the Sharp technology "ridiculous" (in a good way) and
seems to think such displays would most likely be for smartphones coming in
2016, not this year.

"Apple has never tried to match competing devices when it comes to specs, and
for the time being the company appears to be interested in delivering a Retina
experience across devices. But at the same time, Apple does have a 5K iMac in
its lineup, as well as support for 4K external displays in certain Macs, and the
company is rumored to be working on a top-of-the-line 8K iMac. Thus, it wouldn't
be surprising to see iPhone 7 models of the future with 4K screens."

WWDC DisappointmentLinX

Apple revealed this past week that its annual Worldwide Developers Conference
will be held June 8-12 in San Francisco, and pledged that the event would be
"The epicenter of change" - a tagline that those hit with earthquakes in that
area in the past might not embrace.

Apple is expected to shake up its iOS software, with version 9, and OS X Mac
software, as well as revamp the Apple TV. The iOS 9 focus could be more on
stability than features. But little is expected in the way of iPhone 7 (or
iPhone 6S or 6S Plus smartphones).

Valuewalk laments that "Times have changed from years ago, when Apple used to
announce the iPhone in summer. The corporation has since altered its schedule
significantly, and now the focus of the WWDC is elsewhere." Apple has taken to
rolling out new iPhones (including the iPhone 6 and 6S) in September rather than
June, as it used to do.

As we mentioned in our previous iPhone 7 rumor rollup, the debate about whether
Apple will actually introduce an iPhone 6S, 6S Plus or 7 has heated up, with
many leaning toward the iPhone 7.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             847 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            October 11, 2016 Tuesday

Reliance Jio Vs Airtel offer on iPhone 7 - free data, unlimited voice calls and
more

LENGTH: 244  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 11 -- Zee Media/Rd. Alexander
 With the launch of Apple iPhone 7 in India, the battle of the telecos has gone
one step ahead with the recently-launched Mukesh Ambani's Reliance Jio and
Bharti Mittal's Airtel vying for higher number of subscribers by offering the
best deal with the new phone.


 India's richest Mukesh Ambani is leaving no stones unturned by offering the
best like never seen nor heard before in the market - a Welcome Offer where
everything is just free till December 31, 2016.
 It even claimed that it bagged 16 million subscribers in just 26 days after its
launched.
 And with the launch of iPhone 7, Reliance Jio and Bharti Airtel, India's
leading telecom company by number of subscribers, are at wars again, offering
the best possible.
 So, here is a brief detail of the offers by Reliance Jio and Airtel with Apple
iPhone 7.
 Reliance Jio offer on iPhone 7:
 Free Voice calling which comprises of Unlimited Local, STD Roaming to any
network in India
 20GB + unlimted 4G at night per month
 40GB WiFi on JioNet Hotspot per month
 Unlimited SMS per month
 Free 30 minutes of ISD + rate cutter per month
 Free Jio Apps worth Rs 1,250 per month
 (These offers are also available on iPhone 6, 6-Plus, 6S-Plus, SE)
 Bharti Airtel offer on iPhone 7:
 iPhone 7 at a downpayment of just Rs 19,990
 iPhone 7 Plus at a downpayment of just Rs 30,792
 Free 4G data of 5GB, 10GB or 15GB as per the plan chosen
 Free unlimited voice call, STD calls and roaming

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             848 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            October 11, 2016 Tuesday

Reliance Jio Vs Airtel offer on iPhone 7 - free data, unlimited voice calls and
more

LENGTH: 244  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 11 -- Zee Media/Rd. Alexander
 With the launch of Apple iPhone 7 in India, the battle of the telecos has gone
one step ahead with the recently-launched Mukesh Ambani's Reliance Jio and
Bharti Mittal's Airtel vying for higher number of subscribers by offering the
best deal with the new phone.


 India's richest Mukesh Ambani is leaving no stones unturned by offering the
best like never seen nor heard before in the market - a Welcome Offer where
everything is just free till December 31, 2016.
 It even claimed that it bagged 16 million subscribers in just 26 days after its
launched.
 And with the launch of iPhone 7, Reliance Jio and Bharti Airtel, India's
leading telecom company by number of subscribers, are at wars again, offering
the best possible.
 So, here is a brief detail of the offers by Reliance Jio and Airtel with Apple
iPhone 7.
 Reliance Jio offer on iPhone 7:
 Free Voice calling which comprises of Unlimited Local, STD Roaming to any
network in India
 20GB + unlimted 4G at night per month
 40GB WiFi on JioNet Hotspot per month
 Unlimited SMS per month
 Free 30 minutes of ISD + rate cutter per month
 Free Jio Apps worth Rs 1,250 per month
 (These offers are also available on iPhone 6, 6-Plus, 6S-Plus, SE)
 Bharti Airtel offer on iPhone 7:
 iPhone 7 at a downpayment of just Rs 19,990
 iPhone 7 Plus at a downpayment of just Rs 30,792
 Free 4G data of 5GB, 10GB or 15GB as per the plan chosen
 Free unlimited voice call, STD calls and roaming

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             849 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            October 11, 2016 Tuesday

Reliance Jio Vs Airtel offer on iPhone 7 - free data, unlimited voice calls and
more

LENGTH: 244  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 11 -- Zee Media/Rd. Alexander
 With the launch of Apple iPhone 7 in India, the battle of the telecos has gone
one step ahead with the recently-launched Mukesh Ambani's Reliance Jio and
Bharti Mittal's Airtel vying for higher number of subscribers by offering the
best deal with the new phone.


 India's richest Mukesh Ambani is leaving no stones unturned by offering the
best like never seen nor heard before in the market - a Welcome Offer where
everything is just free till December 31, 2016.
 It even claimed that it bagged 16 million subscribers in just 26 days after its
launched.
 And with the launch of iPhone 7, Reliance Jio and Bharti Airtel, India's
leading telecom company by number of subscribers, are at wars again, offering
the best possible.
 So, here is a brief detail of the offers by Reliance Jio and Airtel with Apple
iPhone 7.
 Reliance Jio offer on iPhone 7:
 Free Voice calling which comprises of Unlimited Local, STD Roaming to any
network in India
 20GB + unlimted 4G at night per month
 40GB WiFi on JioNet Hotspot per month
 Unlimited SMS per month
 Free 30 minutes of ISD + rate cutter per month
 Free Jio Apps worth Rs 1,250 per month
 (These offers are also available on iPhone 6, 6-Plus, 6S-Plus, SE)
 Bharti Airtel offer on iPhone 7:
 iPhone 7 at a downpayment of just Rs 19,990
 iPhone 7 Plus at a downpayment of just Rs 30,792
 Free 4G data of 5GB, 10GB or 15GB as per the plan chosen
 Free unlimited voice call, STD calls and roaming

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             850 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            October 11, 2016 Tuesday

Reliance Jio Vs Airtel offer on iPhone 7 - free data, unlimited voice calls and
more

LENGTH: 244  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 11 -- Zee Media/Rd. Alexander
 With the launch of Apple iPhone 7 in India, the battle of the telecos has gone
one step ahead with the recently-launched Mukesh Ambani's Reliance Jio and
Bharti Mittal's Airtel vying for higher number of subscribers by offering the
best deal with the new phone.


 India's richest Mukesh Ambani is leaving no stones unturned by offering the
best like never seen nor heard before in the market - a Welcome Offer where
everything is just free till December 31, 2016.
 It even claimed that it bagged 16 million subscribers in just 26 days after its
launched.
 And with the launch of iPhone 7, Reliance Jio and Bharti Airtel, India's
leading telecom company by number of subscribers, are at wars again, offering
the best possible.
 So, here is a brief detail of the offers by Reliance Jio and Airtel with Apple
iPhone 7.
 Reliance Jio offer on iPhone 7:
 Free Voice calling which comprises of Unlimited Local, STD Roaming to any
network in India
 20GB + unlimted 4G at night per month
 40GB WiFi on JioNet Hotspot per month
 Unlimited SMS per month
 Free 30 minutes of ISD + rate cutter per month
 Free Jio Apps worth Rs 1,250 per month
 (These offers are also available on iPhone 6, 6-Plus, 6S-Plus, SE)
 Bharti Airtel offer on iPhone 7:
 iPhone 7 at a downpayment of just Rs 19,990
 iPhone 7 Plus at a downpayment of just Rs 30,792
 Free 4G data of 5GB, 10GB or 15GB as per the plan chosen
 Free unlimited voice call, STD calls and roaming

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             851 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            October 11, 2016 Tuesday

Reliance Jio Vs Airtel offer on iPhone 7 - free data, unlimited voice calls and
more

LENGTH: 244  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 11 -- Zee Media/Rd. Alexander
 With the launch of Apple iPhone 7 in India, the battle of the telecos has gone
one step ahead with the recently-launched Mukesh Ambani's Reliance Jio and
Bharti Mittal's Airtel vying for higher number of subscribers by offering the
best deal with the new phone.


 India's richest Mukesh Ambani is leaving no stones unturned by offering the
best like never seen nor heard before in the market - a Welcome Offer where
everything is just free till December 31, 2016.
 It even claimed that it bagged 16 million subscribers in just 26 days after its
launched.
 And with the launch of iPhone 7, Reliance Jio and Bharti Airtel, India's
leading telecom company by number of subscribers, are at wars again, offering
the best possible.
 So, here is a brief detail of the offers by Reliance Jio and Airtel with Apple
iPhone 7.
 Reliance Jio offer on iPhone 7:
 Free Voice calling which comprises of Unlimited Local, STD Roaming to any
network in India
 20GB + unlimted 4G at night per month
 40GB WiFi on JioNet Hotspot per month
 Unlimited SMS per month
 Free 30 minutes of ISD + rate cutter per month
 Free Jio Apps worth Rs 1,250 per month
 (These offers are also available on iPhone 6, 6-Plus, 6S-Plus, SE)
 Bharti Airtel offer on iPhone 7:
 iPhone 7 at a downpayment of just Rs 19,990
 iPhone 7 Plus at a downpayment of just Rs 30,792
 Free 4G data of 5GB, 10GB or 15GB as per the plan chosen
 Free unlimited voice call, STD calls and roaming

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             852 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            October 11, 2016 Tuesday

Reliance Jio Vs Airtel offer on iPhone 7 - free data, unlimited voice calls and
more

LENGTH: 244  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 11 -- Zee Media/Rd. Alexander
 With the launch of Apple iPhone 7 in India, the battle of the telecos has gone
one step ahead with the recently-launched Mukesh Ambani's Reliance Jio and
Bharti Mittal's Airtel vying for higher number of subscribers by offering the
best deal with the new phone.


 India's richest Mukesh Ambani is leaving no stones unturned by offering the
best like never seen nor heard before in the market - a Welcome Offer where
everything is just free till December 31, 2016.
 It even claimed that it bagged 16 million subscribers in just 26 days after its
launched.
 And with the launch of iPhone 7, Reliance Jio and Bharti Airtel, India's
leading telecom company by number of subscribers, are at wars again, offering
the best possible.
 So, here is a brief detail of the offers by Reliance Jio and Airtel with Apple
iPhone 7.
 Reliance Jio offer on iPhone 7:
 Free Voice calling which comprises of Unlimited Local, STD Roaming to any
network in India
 20GB + unlimted 4G at night per month
 40GB WiFi on JioNet Hotspot per month
 Unlimited SMS per month
 Free 30 minutes of ISD + rate cutter per month
 Free Jio Apps worth Rs 1,250 per month
 (These offers are also available on iPhone 6, 6-Plus, 6S-Plus, SE)
 Bharti Airtel offer on iPhone 7:
 iPhone 7 at a downpayment of just Rs 19,990
 iPhone 7 Plus at a downpayment of just Rs 30,792
 Free 4G data of 5GB, 10GB or 15GB as per the plan chosen
 Free unlimited voice call, STD calls and roaming

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             853 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            October 11, 2016 Tuesday

Reliance Jio Vs Airtel offer on iPhone 7 - free data, unlimited voice calls and
more

LENGTH: 244  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 11 -- Zee Media/Rd. Alexander
 With the launch of Apple iPhone 7 in India, the battle of the telecos has gone
one step ahead with the recently-launched Mukesh Ambani's Reliance Jio and
Bharti Mittal's Airtel vying for higher number of subscribers by offering the
best deal with the new phone.


 India's richest Mukesh Ambani is leaving no stones unturned by offering the
best like never seen nor heard before in the market - a Welcome Offer where
everything is just free till December 31, 2016.
 It even claimed that it bagged 16 million subscribers in just 26 days after its
launched.
 And with the launch of iPhone 7, Reliance Jio and Bharti Airtel, India's
leading telecom company by number of subscribers, are at wars again, offering
the best possible.
 So, here is a brief detail of the offers by Reliance Jio and Airtel with Apple
iPhone 7.
 Reliance Jio offer on iPhone 7:
 Free Voice calling which comprises of Unlimited Local, STD Roaming to any
network in India
 20GB + unlimted 4G at night per month
 40GB WiFi on JioNet Hotspot per month
 Unlimited SMS per month
 Free 30 minutes of ISD + rate cutter per month
 Free Jio Apps worth Rs 1,250 per month
 (These offers are also available on iPhone 6, 6-Plus, 6S-Plus, SE)
 Bharti Airtel offer on iPhone 7:
 iPhone 7 at a downpayment of just Rs 19,990
 iPhone 7 Plus at a downpayment of just Rs 30,792
 Free 4G data of 5GB, 10GB or 15GB as per the plan chosen
 Free unlimited voice call, STD calls and roaming

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             854 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            October 11, 2016 Tuesday

Reliance Jio Vs Airtel offer on iPhone 7 - free data, unlimited voice calls and
more

LENGTH: 244  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 11 -- Zee Media/Rd. Alexander
 With the launch of Apple iPhone 7 in India, the battle of the telecos has gone
one step ahead with the recently-launched Mukesh Ambani's Reliance Jio and
Bharti Mittal's Airtel vying for higher number of subscribers by offering the
best deal with the new phone.


 India's richest Mukesh Ambani is leaving no stones unturned by offering the
best like never seen nor heard before in the market - a Welcome Offer where
everything is just free till December 31, 2016.
 It even claimed that it bagged 16 million subscribers in just 26 days after its
launched.
 And with the launch of iPhone 7, Reliance Jio and Bharti Airtel, India's
leading telecom company by number of subscribers, are at wars again, offering
the best possible.
 So, here is a brief detail of the offers by Reliance Jio and Airtel with Apple
iPhone 7.
 Reliance Jio offer on iPhone 7:
 Free Voice calling which comprises of Unlimited Local, STD Roaming to any
network in India
 20GB + unlimted 4G at night per month
 40GB WiFi on JioNet Hotspot per month
 Unlimited SMS per month
 Free 30 minutes of ISD + rate cutter per month
 Free Jio Apps worth Rs 1,250 per month
 (These offers are also available on iPhone 6, 6-Plus, 6S-Plus, SE)
 Bharti Airtel offer on iPhone 7:
 iPhone 7 at a downpayment of just Rs 19,990
 iPhone 7 Plus at a downpayment of just Rs 30,792
 Free 4G data of 5GB, 10GB or 15GB as per the plan chosen
 Free unlimited voice call, STD calls and roaming

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             855 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple thinks different, but only a little

LENGTH: 597  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 8 -- Evolution rather than revolution is perhaps a good way to
describe Apple's new bouquet of smartphones and watches, launched at an event at
the Bill Graham Auditorium on Wednesday.
 The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus came with everything that had been predicted,
including, true to rumour and the swarm of leaks that typically precede an Apple
launch, no 3.5mm headphone jack.


 Many of the refinements made to the iPhones and the new Apple Watch Series 2,
are innovative and a testament to the company's design excellence. But there are
little or no groundbreaking features.
 Those are, it is further rumoured, being reserved for the iPhone 8, which will
launch next year on the 10th anniversary of the iPhone. Perhaps the most
talked-about feature on the iPhone 7, discussed threadbare for the past many
months, was the banishing of the 3.5mm headphone socket. Apple's senior
Vice-President of marketing Phil Schiller said that Apple had one good reason
for removing the ubiquitous socket - courage.
 Audio products will now connect via Apple's proprietary Lightning port that is
currently used only for charging. Schiller pointed out that this port had been
designed to carry music right from the start and would lead to no deterioration
in quality. An adaptor will be provided in the box when customers buy the new
iPhone 7, but fans on social media immediately lamented the fact that this could
be easily lost.
 The industry of audio products will have to adapt to the use of the Lightning
port for any devices intended to work with the new and subsequent iPhones.
 Apple also debuted Air Pods, completely wireless earphones based on the
company's W1 Bluetooth chip. Carrying more circuitry than usual, these
optionally purchased earphones will cost [#x20b9]15,400 and will add to the
starting price of [#x20b9]60,000 of the new iPhones, the prices for which will
vary depending on the version and variant.
 Although Phil Schiller described the new iPhones as coming with a complete
redesign, the devices sport the familiar much-imitated but unvarying look. Two
black variants join the colour options available. The antenna lines are less
visible and the home button is no longer clickable but uses Apple's 3D Touch
technology for more information and menu options - much like a right-click with
a mouse.
 All specs are bumped up on the iPhone 7 and Plus, but it's the camera that is
likely to be the biggest draw, specially on the iPhone 7 Plus, which has two
rear 12MP shooters with one adding a 10x software zoom and depth of field or
bokeh to images. Although the aperture on the iPhone's camera is f1.8 while
Samsung's flagships currently are at f1.7, the iPhone's camera used optics and
image processing in a way that has made it the benchmark for all other
smartphone cameras. With the new releases, this will only increase.
 The new iPhone 7s are also dust and water resistant with an IP67 rating,
playing catch-up with a number of smartphones that already have that feature.
The iPhones will be available in India in early October.
 Apple also launched the next version of the Apple Watch or Series 2. This
product, too, sees refinements, specially on the software front, with a focus on
health and fitness and on messaging.
 This is the first time the iPhone has been launched against a backdrop of
slowing sales in Apple's key markets and immense challenges in the two the
company needs to focus on: China and India.
 It's widely felt if Apple needed to reinvent its flagship product, this is the
time. But for now, clearly Apple is only thinking different a little bit at a
time.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             856 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 7:20 PM GMT

Getting an iPhone 7? Here are the 10 football apps you need to download right
now;
The latest iPhone is set for release and we have the lowdown of all the apps
that football fans should be downloading onto their new mobile

BYLINE: By Aaron Flanagan

SECTION: SPORT,FOOTBALL,NEWS

LENGTH: 785 words


Apple is set to launch the iPhone 7 today with tech bods around the world set to
rejoice.

But the evolution of the mobile phone has completely revolutionised the football
fans' matchday - and weekday - experience.

Exclusive videos, articles and games are available at the, erm, tap of a
fingerprint identifier keeping fans of the Premier League and beyond in the loop
24/7.

iPhone 7 launch LIVE: Apple Watch 2 trailer and Pokemon Go app unveiled, Super
Mario Run coming to the app store

But if you're getting the iPhone 7, what football apps should you be
downloading?

How much is the new iPhone 7 and will the iPhone 6s price drop after Apple
launch?

Here's what the Mirror Football team are currently addicted to...

Do you want to try your luck at being the Class of 92 by evolving a non-league
team into a global empire?

Well this app is your perfect chance to give it a go, as you make your team's
big decisions, including hiring/firing the manager, building the stadium,
sorting contracts, sponsors, transfers and more.

But make sure you keep the fans and the bank manager happy!

There is a 'lite' version available for free, but the full edition will cost
£2.99.

The hit PC game has made its way to mobile and has a growing interface every
single year.

The world's most realistic football management simulation has now been designed
to be played on the move and it is just as addictive as its computer
counterpart.

From transfers to tactics and scouting to finances, it really is the most
comprehensively detailed football game available on your phone.

It will set you back £6.99 - but certainly has the longevity to justify it.

Endorsed by Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho, Top Eleven is an alternative
football management game but is instead available for free.

It is the most-played online football management simulation available and, like
its more famous counterpart, offers a detailed interface to manage your team.

You can challenge your friends and other players from around the world and
follow the matches live.

One of the most simple but addictive games that you will ever get your hands on.

Score! Hero puts you in the kit of a young footballer and you progress their
career to the top division.

On the pitch, the controls are easy to learn - you simply draw a line where you
want the ball to go, making it easy to pick up.

The best thing? It's free to download.

Free-kick simulator Flick Shoot is back with both single and multiplayer modes
available for players.

Improved 3D graphics make the game easy on the eye, while mini games help you
stay intrigued in the rather simple idea.

There are six different single player modes, competitive multiplayers and loads
of customisable attributes.

It is free to download.

Another game where you begin as a young 16-year-old upstart looking to make
their name in the sport - but this is addictive for a whole different reason.

That's because you control the player's actions off the pitch, including his
relationships, sponsors and even bribes.

It can be enjoyable as both a quick snack game and also for hours of intense
gaming as the player's career takes a series of twists and turns.

It is free to download.

Your one-stop place for everything you need to know about the Premier League.

From fixtures to stats, interviews to fantasy football, it has everything that
you need to stay right on top of all of the top flight action.

You can personalise the content so your team is prioritised, making it the best
place to go for your football information.

It is free to download.

Ever find yourself in a town with no idea where to catch the match? Fear not,
MatchPint have come to the rescue.

It is an app that simply tells you the nearest bar or pub to your location
showing the biggest sporting events in the world, so you never have to miss the
big game.

Even better, you could even win yourself a free pint! Check in at your pub and
see what rewards you could land.

It is free to download.

On the move? Need to check the score?

LiveScore is the app you need to get the essential details from football matches
all over the world.

Set your favourite matches for live alerts and view real-time updates from the
world's largest online football updater app.

Free to download, it really is the essential app for any football fan.

Let's be honest, no matter what fancy flick-of-the-finger football games
producers come up with, nothing beats an old fashioned fantasy football league.

Why not play our Mirror Fantasy iTeam, giving you the option to take part in
three different competitions: Premier League, Champions League and our unique
European Super League format.

It's free to download and is one of the leading fantasy football apps in the
world.

Download the Mirror Fantasy iTeam app here

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             857 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Asia News Network (ANN)

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday

Grey market for iPhone 7 flourishes online in Indonesia

BYLINE: Dylan Amirio

LENGTH: 748  words


A regulation requiring local content for smartphones sold in Indonesia is not
stopping domestic sales of Apple's new iPhone 7.

Many local online sellers and small kiosks are selling iPhone 7s despite Apple
not officially being allowed to sell the smartphone in Indonesia because of a
rule that requires 20 per cent local content -- both software and hardware -- in
smartphones sold in the country.

Advertisements for the iPhone 7, announced to the world on September 7, can be
seen on online platforms such as Bukalapak, Tokopedia and MatahariMall. The
sellers seem to enable payments through major banks.

Third party and second-hand dealers online are selling the iPhone 7 at prices
ranging from 11 million ($843) to 20 million rupiah ($1,532), while the US
pricing for its cheapest, lowest memory iPhone 7, the 32GB model, is set at
$649.

A majority of the posters on these platforms originate from the Batam and
Sumatra areas, with sporadic sellers in Jakarta and Bali as well. Since the
nearest official market for the iPhone 7 is Singapore, it is possible that some
sellers might have obtained the coveted smartphones from Singaporean stores or
related distributors.

While the activity itself is "technically" illegal, online marketplaces are
finding it hard to control the constant popping up of iPhone 7s on their sites.
Platforms such as Bukalapak have already taken measures to take down illicit
listings of the iPhone 7, as requested by the government.

"It's technically illegal, but we are doing our part to filter posts about it.
However, that doesn't necessarily stop sellers from posting the item again under
modified descriptions," said Debora Rosaria, Bukalapak's legal manager.

Bukalapak is ultimately built on user-generated content, making total control of
restrictions difficult due to the free nature of the black market, she said,
adding: "What can be asked from the users is to let us know if iPhone 7
advertisements are being posted."

Apple's official Indonesian distributor Erajaya Group declined to comment on the
story.

The government plans to raise the threshold of both hardware and software local
content requirement to 30 per cent next year in an industry ministerial
regulation on the calculation of local components in cell phones and tablets.

The regulation was introduced to ease pressure on the trade balance, which saw
surging imports of phones contributing to trade deficits, as an emerging
middle-income segment resulted in a demand boom for smartphones.

The restrictions also explain why the previous iPhone 6S smartphone and the
SIM-card enabled iPad Pro have not entered the Indonesian market as well.
However, the Wi-Fi only iPad Pro is currently on sale at Erajaya's stores such
as iBox.

In terms of fulfilling the software aspect of the ministerial regulation,
Communications and Information Ministry acting spokesperson Noor Iza said it
would be ideal if Apple committed to opening a research and development centre
for software application development to increase local content in iPhones.

"As of now, the iPhone 7 has not been cleared to enter the market because it has
not fulfilled the ministerial regulation requirements yet," Noor said.

Samsung and Lenovo are among smartphone makers that have established local
factories to meet the "made in Indonesia" regulation, as well as Advan,
Evercross and Smartfren. Some content made in Indonesia include product boxes,
manual books, screws and assembly.

Meanwhile, Chinese phone maker OnePlus has exited the country, while Xiamoi's
Redmi Note 3 shut off its 4G feature for official sale in Indonesia to comply
with the regulation.

Despite the vague legality of iPhone 7 sales, as well as that of the Xiaomi
Redmi Note 3 with the 4G feature, the black market pops up and sells the items
below the radar because there is demand for the smartphones.

The desires are reflected in 24-year old CIMB Niaga employee Kamadiputra
Surianegara, who is intrigued by the phone's new jet black colour and camera.

"It's just different and looks cool," he said, referring to the phone's new
dual-lens camera, which is considered new for Apple's standards, and the popular
Jet Black color option that has sent Apple fans worldwide into a frenzy of
interest.

A handful of local buyers have purchased the smartphones through Singapore, the
closest place to Indonesia's western area that can legally sell the likes of the
iPhone 7, which is infamous mostly because of the divisive feature of not having
a 3.5-millimeter headphone jack.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 2075


                       Copyright 2016 Asia News Network.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             858 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

New iPhone to drive up LG Innotek's profitability

BYLINE: By Lee Min-hyung

LENGTH: 447 words


The lukewarm response to the new iPhone series will not aggravate LG Innotek's
profitability in the second half, as the firm is expected to have higher margins
backed by its dual-camera modules supplied to iPhone 7 Plus, analysts said
Friday.

This comes as the company needs to turn around the underperformance in the first
half of the year. The camera module manufacturer posted a whopping operating
loss of some 34 billion won ($30.98 million) in the second quarter, turning to
deficit from a year ago, hit hard by weak demand for components due to the
global smartphone market slowdown.

But experts said the company may be able to offset this later this year, as the
firm is the exclusive module supplier for the dual camera, which Apple CEO Tim
Cook called the major draw for the new Apple smartphone. Dual-camera modules are
known to generate more than one and a half the profit margins compared with a
normal camera module.

'LG Innotek will stand to benefit from the new iPhone introduction, as the firm
is the only vendor for the highly profitable dual-camera modules,' Kevin Lee, an
analyst at Korea Investment & Securities, said.

'Global sales for the new iPhone series is estimated to reach some 62 million
this year, up 21 percent from its predecessors - iPhone 6S and 6S Plus,' he
said, forecasting that customers disappointed with the previous models are
likely to change their handsets this year. Chinese mobile carriers' aggressive
subsidy expansion drive will also help drive up sales for the iPhone 7 and 7
Plus, according to the analyst.

Despite the bright market prediction, shares of LG Innotek continued to fall
after Apple unveiled the new iPhone series and the Apple Watch 2 on Thursday. LG
Innotek closed at 79,300 won, down 2.46 percent from a day ago.

But Kim Ji-san, an analyst at Kiwoom Securities, also maintained the rosy
outlook for Innotek's potential rebound in the second half, hinting that the
falling stock value would be temporary due to the unsurprising features of the
iPhone 7.

'Chances are low for the success of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, as they come
with no innovative change,' he said. But the new handsets will help Apple lift
its earnings in the second half, compared with the first half, as the company
suffered from weak handset sales in the period, he said. In April, Apple said it
sold some 51.2 million iPhones in the first quarter, down 16 percent from a year
ago. Kim said Innotek will enjoy outstanding profit growth in the fourth quarter
of the year.

Ian Fogg of IHS Technology said: 'We expect the new iPhone 7 camera design will
successfully convince consumers to upgrade their older iPhones, despite the lack
of headphone sockets.'

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             859 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              birminghammail.co.uk

                       July 28, 2016 Thursday 1:52 PM GMT

iPhone 7 set to be released in two months - and rumours are rife;
Shoppers deluge on Birmingham every year for the latest iPhone, and an industry
expert has claimed he knows the release date

BYLINE: By Graeme Brown

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 552 words


Apple could reveal the new iPhone in as little as two months, according to
industry experts.

The new handset will go on sale on Friday, September 16, according to an
industry expert.

Apple usually reveals its next smartphone in early September so it can see out
the end of the year on a high.

And it nearly always leads to chaos in the stores of Birmingham. Last year, a
camper waited two days to be Birmingham's first new owner. The year before,
hundreds queued for the new handset .

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed and social
media is awash with rumours about it.

Leaked images have shown the casing or materials that are believed to be in the
new smartphone and a new bullet-shaped aperture for the camera.

The Mirror has gathered together some of the key rumours. Here, we have picked
out the salient ones for Brummie readers.

Evan Blass, who posts as @evleaks on Twitter, claims the new handset will be
available to pre-order from September 9.

The new handset will go on sale on Friday, September 16, he has claimed on
Twitter.

Blass cited no source for the information, but his predictions have been correct
more often than not in the past.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 12, or a week earlier.

Meanwhile, separate leaks suggest that Apple may not call its next device the
iPhone 7 at all, but opt instead for the name "iPhone 6SE".

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage, which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

New giant Apple store to open in Waterstones New Street building

You probably need to start saving now. It is thought models with larger storate
will set you back £619 between £699.

However, that is because Apple is looking at the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone - its pitifully small 16GB base level storage - in favour of a
more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

7 things you need to know

You might be able to do some tweeting in the toilet as Apple's next iPhone could
be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times, Apple is working on a
new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming smartphone,
which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             860 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           September 10, 2013 Tuesday

Apple introduces the iPhone 5C

LENGTH: 921  words


Apple today introduced iPhone 5c, featuring an all-new design, packed with
incredible features in five gorgeous colors-blue, green, pink, yellow and white.
iPhone 5c is built on a foundation of features people know and love like the
beautiful 4-inch Retina display, blazing fast performance of the A6 chip, and
the 8 megapixel iSight camera-all while delivering great battery life. iPhone 5c
comes with more LTE bands than any other smartphone in the world, a new FaceTime
HD camera, and iOS 7, the most significant iOS update since the original iPhone.
"iPhone 5c is everything iPhone 5 was and more, in an all-new design packed with
great features," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of
Worldwide Marketing.

"iPhone 5c is designed with a beautiful polycarbonate enclosure that looks and
feels so solid in your hand."   iPhone 5c features an all-new design crafted
from a single, hard-coated polycarbonate body with a steel reinforced frame for
a solid, sturdy feel. The steel frame holds the internal components and also
doubles as the iPhone 5c's multiband antenna. The enclosure is one continuous
and seamless structure that is finished with a hard coat for a durable and
incredibly glossy surface. To complement the all-new iPhone 5c design, Apple
created soft, matte, microfiber-lined cases in a very intentional contrast to
the glossy, hard coat finish. These sleek silicone cases with unique circular
patterns let splashes of color show through, and with five iPhone 5c colors and
six cases to choose from, you can mix and match for dozens of fun combinations.
iPhone 5c comes with all the features customers love in iPhone 5, and more. The
Apple-designed A6 chip provides incredible performance and power efficiency, all
while delivering great battery life, so almost everything you do on iPhone 5c is
blazing fast, from launching apps and loading web pages to downloading email
attachments. iPhone 5c features a stunning 4-inch Retina display and an 8
megapixel iSight camera, the most popular camera in the world. iPhone 5c also
includes a new FaceTime HD camera for even better FaceTime calls and
self-portraits, and with iOS 7, you can make audio-only FaceTime calls for the
first time.   iPhone 5c makes it even easier to connect to high-speed networks
with support for up to 13 LTE¹ wireless bands, more than any other smartphone in
the world. With download speeds up to 100 Mbps², you can browse, download and
stream content even faster. iPhone 5c includes dual-band 802.11 a/b/g/n Wi-Fi
support for up to 150 Mbps² and Bluetooth 4.0. iPhone 5c delivers an amazing 10
hours of talk time on 3G networks, up to 10 hours of web browsing on Wi-Fi and
LTE networks and up to 8 hours on 3G networks, and up to 10 hours of video
playback and up to 40 hours of audio playback.³   iPhone 5c comes with iOS 7,
the most significant iOS update since the original iPhone, featuring a stunning
new user interface, completely redesigned with an elegant color palette,
distinct, functional layers and subtle motion that make it feel more alive. iOS
7 is designed to complement the gorgeous exteriors of iPhone 5c, with matching
wallpapers and translucency that carry the color through the entire experience.
iOS 7 has hundreds of great new features, including Control Center, Notification
Center, improved Multitasking, AirDrop®, enhanced Photos, Safari, Siri and
introduces iTunes Radio, a free Internet radio service based on the music you
listen to on iTunes.   iPhone 5c customers have access to the revolutionary App
Store[#x2120], which offers more than 900,000 apps to iPhone, iPad and iPod
touch users in 155 countries around the world. More than 50 billion apps have
been downloaded from the App Store to date, offering customers an incredible
range of apps in 23 categories, including newspapers and magazines in Newsstand,
games and entertainment, business, news, sports, health and fitness and travel.
Designed specifically for iOS, iPhoto, iMovie, Pages, Numbers and Keynote are
among the most popular apps in the App Store and are now available as free
downloads with the purchase of iPhone 5c. iPhoto and iMovie enable you to do
more than you ever thought possible with your photos and movies, and with Pages,
Numbers and Keynote you can create, edit and share stunning documents,
spreadsheets and presentations on your iPhone, iPad or iPod touch.   Pricing &
Availability iPhone 5c comes in blue, green, pink, yellow and white and will be
available in the US for a suggested retail price of $99 (US) for the 16GB model
and $199 (US) for the 32GB model.[#x2075] iPhone 5c will be available from the
Apple Online Store (www.apple.com ), Apple's retail stores, and through AT&T,
Sprint, T-Mobile, Verizon Wireless and select Apple Authorized Resellers. iPhone
5c cases will be available in blue, green, pink, yellow, black and white for a
suggested retail price of $29 (US) through the Apple Online Store (www.apple.com
), Apple's retail stores and select Apple Authorized Resellers. iPhone 5c will
be available in the US, Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong,
Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the UK on Friday, September 20, and customers
can pre-order their iPhone 5c beginning Friday, September 13. A new iPhone 4S
8GB model will also be available for free.[#x2075] iOS 7 will be available as a
free software update starting on Wednesday, September 18 for iPhone 4 and later,
iPad 2 and later, iPad mini and iPod touch (fifth generation). Some features may
not be available on all products.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2013 TBREAK MEDIA
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             861 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 5, 2016 Monday 11:17 PM GMT

iPhone 7 could be WATERPROOF, new report claims ahead of big Apple launch this
week;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 on Wednesday and there's already a huge
amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 581 words


The Apple technology-related rumours are awash with speculation the new iPhone 7
will be completely WATERPROOF.

If true it could herald an end to the misery that results from dropping your
iPhone down the toilet, plonking it into your pint glass or forgetting to take
it out of your pocket before diving into the swimming pool.

It would also bring the mobile phone handset in line with competitors like the
Galaxy Note 7 - which can be fully submerged underwater for 30 minutes at a
time.

Apple hasn't previously advertised water-resistance on any of its iPhones -
which, while they can endure the odd splash, are rendered next to defunct with
any water submersion.

Passionate Apple users will find out for sure when a press conference organised
by the manufacturer is held on Wednesday evening.

However, well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities issued a detailed
research note over the weekend, in which he stated that the new iPhone will
indeed be water resistant.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 It will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for
up to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch
.

This will bring it almost into line with Samsung Galaxy S7, which has a rating
of IP68, meaning the device is completely protected against dust, and it is
water-resistant in up to 1.5 metres of water for up to 30 minutes.

This is not the first leak to suggest the iPhone 7 will be resistant against
water.

The invitation to Apple's event on September 7 contains images blurry coloured
circles, which some believe to be water droplets - leading to speculation of a
water-based announcement.

Meanwhile, a report in the China-based Commercial Times earlier this year claims
the manufacturer had been working on a new "compound material" that repels
water.

It will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of plastic that run
across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow mobile signals to
reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

For all the latest rumours, check out our full round-up here .

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             862 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 5, 2016 Monday 11:17 PM GMT

iPhone 7 could be WATERPROOF, new report claims ahead of big Apple launch this
week;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 on Wednesday and there's already a huge
amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 581 words


The Apple technology-related rumours are awash with speculation the new iPhone 7
will be completely WATERPROOF.

If true it could herald an end to the misery that results from dropping your
iPhone down the toilet, plonking it into your pint glass or forgetting to take
it out of your pocket before diving into the swimming pool.

It would also bring the mobile phone handset in line with competitors like the
Galaxy Note 7 - which can be fully submerged underwater for 30 minutes at a
time.

Apple hasn't previously advertised water-resistance on any of its iPhones -
which, while they can endure the odd splash, are rendered next to defunct with
any water submersion.

Passionate Apple users will find out for sure when a press conference organised
by the manufacturer is held on Wednesday evening.

However, well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities issued a detailed
research note over the weekend, in which he stated that the new iPhone will
indeed be water resistant.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 It will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for
up to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch
.

This will bring it almost into line with Samsung Galaxy S7, which has a rating
of IP68, meaning the device is completely protected against dust, and it is
water-resistant in up to 1.5 metres of water for up to 30 minutes.

This is not the first leak to suggest the iPhone 7 will be resistant against
water.

The invitation to Apple's event on September 7 contains images blurry coloured
circles, which some believe to be water droplets - leading to speculation of a
water-based announcement.

Meanwhile, a report in the China-based Commercial Times earlier this year claims
the manufacturer had been working on a new "compound material" that repels
water.

It will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of plastic that run
across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow mobile signals to
reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

For all the latest rumours, check out our full round-up here .

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             863 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                             June 30, 2016 Thursday

WATCH: Turn your iPhone 6s into iPhone 7 in this wacky video

LENGTH: 187  words


Though iPhone 7 is not yet out in the stores, anyone who is desperate to have
one as early as now can tune into this weird two-minute YouTube video
instructing users how to turn their iPhone 6s into an iPhone 7.

In the viral video uploaded by Peripatetic Pandas on Tuesday, it demonstrates 10
'carefree' steps on how to engineer an iPhone 7 without knocking on Apple's
headquarters. First, the man in the video eliminated the headphone jack of the
iPhone 6s and then drilled two holes for dual speakers. The next outrageous step
he did was to get a spare iPhone 6 and snipped its camera and glued it onto the
other iPhone 6s prototype.

Then he firmly placed masking tape onto the phone's body and swooshed deep-blue
spray paint. It is whispered among tech news sites that the next flagship
product of Apple would wear its deep bluish coat.

After the spray painting procedure, he removed the masking tape and voila, the
'brand new' iPhone 7. To social media's 'bewilderment,' plenty of YouTube users
glorified Peripatetic Pandas for his creativity.

The hilarious do-it-yourself clip hast gotten 124,000 views as of this writing.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                             864 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

APPLE PUSHES WIRELESS WORLD WITH IPHONE 7 New model lacks headphone jack, allows
cord-free listening

BYLINE: Brandon Bailey and Michael Liedtke Associated Press

SECTION: A; Pg. 008

LENGTH: 1113 words


Apple's latest iPhone may be more notable for what's missing than what's been
added, as the consumer tech giant tries to revive demand for its top-selling
product and nudge consumers closer to its vision of a wireless world.

That's a world where, in Apple's view, consumers will use the same wireless ear
buds to shift seamlessly from listening to music on their iPhone to talking with
their Apple Watch and other gadgets made by the California tech giant.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus unveiled Wednesday come with a faster processor, longer
battery life and better cameras - including a new dual-lens system in the
pricier 7 Plus model that provides higher-quality zooming. But the new phones
won't have the analog headphone jack that's been a staple for decades in just
about every consumer electronics device that can play audio.

Apple is betting its legions of loyal fans will embrace the shift to digital
headsets that use wireless connections. Or - if they insist on sticking with
their old ways - that they won't mind using a new style of earbuds that plug
into the iPhone's "Lightning" charging port.

CUTTING THE CORD

The redesigned earbuds - with cord - will be included with the new iPhones. Also
in the box: an adapter that will let older headphones plug into the digital
charging port. But Apple would clearly prefer to push consumers to make the leap
into what it envisions as a "wireless future."

"The reason to move on is courage," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice
president of worldwide marketing, who spoke during the company's fall product
event. "The courage to move on and do something new that will benefit all of
us."

As part of the transition, Apple also is introducing wireless "AirPods" that
will sell for $160. They're powered by an Apple-designed processor and special
software that Schiller said will let users easily sync the wireless buds to
their iPhone, Apple Watch and other Apple devices. Apple is also promising a new
line of high-end wireless speakers from its Beats division.

Getting rid of the 3.5-millimeter headphone jack helped Apple make room for a
second iPhone speaker designed for playing stereo sound. The iPhone 7 is also
water-resistant, a popular feature that rivals such as Samsung Electronics have
already introduced in some phones.

Schiller portrayed the move to drop the headphone jack as a step toward
improving user experience. "It makes no sense to tether ourselves with cables to
our mobile devices," he said during the company's annual fall event.

Apple has previously reduced the number of ports in its popular line of MacBook
computers, while encouraging people to use wireless services for transferring
files and streaming data. By promoting wireless ear buds, analysts say, Apple
may also hope to get more people using streaming services on the Apple Watch as
well.

APPLE'S CHALLENGE

The company is trying to reverse its first decline in iPhone sales since the
company's late founder, Steve Jobs, unveiled the trendsetting device in 2007.
It's also seen a drop in demand for the Apple Watch since its introduction last
year.

While the company sold nearly 92 million iPhones in the first six months of this
year, that's about 15 percent fewer than the same period last year. Industry
analysts say the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, which Apple introduced last fall, didn't
offer many compelling new features over the previous year's models.

With the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, Apple may face a similar challenge.

Apple delivered virtually all the features that had been promised in news leaks
over recent weeks, but analyst Bob O'Donnell of Technalysis Research said the
changes from last year's iPhones were "modest" overall. The dual-lens camera in
the iPhone 7 Plus may be impressive, he said, but it's only available in the
larger and more expensive phone, limiting its appeal.

"Smartphone advancements are slowing down as the market is maturing, so minor
things like look and feel get more attention," said O'Donnell, pointing out how
Apple spent several minutes of its presentation extolling the virtues of an
optional "jet black" finish for the new phones.

Forrester Research analyst Julie Ask figures consumers will appreciate the
faster chip and other improvements once they try the new iPhones. And she's not
worried about any backlash over elimination of the hardware jack.

"Apple has a very long history of removing features we all thought were
necessary, and then convincing us that we didn't need them," said Ask, noting
Apple paved the way in phasing out the use of floppy discs and optical drives in
computers. "Three months later, it will be, 'Why did we ever have that?' "

OTHER UPGRADES

The new iPhones will debut Sept. 16 in the U.S., China and more than two dozen
other countries. Orders will start  Friday.

Older iPhones will also see improvements this fall as the company releases its
latest mobile operating system version, called iOS 10. It will be available as a
free download beginning Tuesday. Among other things, the software will add more
intelligence to Apple services like Maps, Photos, the iPhone keyboard and Siri,
the voice-activated digital assistant.

The company also used Wednesday's showcase to introduce a new generation of its
smartwatches, which will include GPS tracking and enough water resistance to
swim with. Apple is increasingly promoting the watches as tools for health and
fitness enthusiasts.

Apple shares gained less than 1 percent in trading Wednesday, before closing at
$108.36. The stock is slightly below its value a year ago, when the last iPhone
came out.

SIDEBAR:

APPLE SLICES

Key highlights from the Apple event in San Francisco:

New iPhones will debut Sept. 16 in the U.S., China and more than two dozen other
countries. Orders will start  Friday.

Redesigned earbuds - with cord - will be included with the new iPhones. Also in
the box: an adapter that will let older headphones plug into the digital
charging port.

Wireless "AirPods" that will sell for $160. They're powered by an Apple-designed
processor and special software that will let users sync the wireless buds to
their iPhone, Apple Watch and other Apple devices.

A second iPhone speaker designed for playing stereo sound.

The iPhone 7 is water-resistant.

Older iPhones will also see improvements this fall as the company releases its
latest mobile operating system version, called iOS 10. It will be available as a
free download beginning Tuesday.

A new generation of smartwatches, which will include GPS tracking and enough
water resistance to swim with.

The watch will get a popular app. Niantic Labs, the maker of the cultural
sensation Pokemon Go, announced the game will be released for the Apple Watch.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             865 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

Will the iPhone 7 be waterproof? Latest rumours ahead of Apple launch on
Thursday

SECTION: BUSINESS; General

LENGTH: 321 words


With Apple"s next announcement just days away, predictions for features in the
much anticpated iPhone 7 are in overdrive.

Apple"s September 7 (5am September 8 NZT) announcement is when the tech giant
unveils its new devices and the star of the show is expected to be the heavily
rumoured iPhone 7.

KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who last year correctly predicted Apple
would launch the iPhone SE, expects the iPhone 7 to be waterproof, according to
a 9to5Mac report.

Watch: First look at the iPhone 7:

The report from KGI Securities said the iPhone 7 would have a waterproof rating
of IPX7, on par with the Apple Watch. This rating would mean the phone would
withstand immersion in water up to 1 metre for up to 30 minutes.

The iPhone 7 will also come in two new color options which KGI describes as
"dark black" and glossy "piano black", replacing space grey.

KGI predicts the iPhone 7 screen display will also be getting an upgrade,
although size and resolution will stay the same. The screen display will "copy"
the visual features of the iPad Pro, meaning it will render wide-colour imagery.

Heavy speculation suggests Apple will add a second camera lens to the rear of
the smartphone for the first time while also removing the headphone jack and
moving to wireless earphones. On the storage front, Apple is expected to dump
its 16GB and 64GB options for new 32GB, 128GB and 256GB tiers.

A second generation of the Apple Watch and more information on iOS 10 could also
be revealed at the event in San Francisco.

Tech journalists from around the world attend the event to witness the launch of
the new devices first hand.

Apple always live-streams its launch events and people wanting to watch the
event on a Mac can open Safari, go to the Apple website and watch it live.

On an iPhone or iPad open Safari and visit the Apple website to watch it live.

For live coverage of the event visit nzherald.co.nz from 5am Thursday morning.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             866 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 5, 2016 Monday 11:17 PM GMT

iPhone 7 could be WATERPROOF, new report claims ahead of big Apple launch this
week;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 on Wednesday and there's already a huge
amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 584 words


The internet is awash with speculation that Apple's next mobile handset, thought
to be called the iPhone 7, will be WATERPROOF.

If true it could herald an end to the misery that results from dropping your
iPhone down the toilet, plonking it into your pint glass, or forgetting to take
it out of your pocket before diving into the swimming pool.

It would also bring the mobile phone handset in line with competitors like the
Samsung Galaxy S7 - which can be fully submerged underwater for 30 minutes at a
time.

Apple hasn't previously advertised water-resistance on any of its iPhones -
which, while they can endure the odd splash, are rendered next to defunct with
any water submersion.

Passionate Apple users will find out for sure when a press conference organised
by the manufacturer is held on Wednesday evening.

However, well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities issued a detailed
research note over the weekend, in which he stated that the new iPhone will
indeed be water resistant.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 It will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for
up to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch
.

This will bring it almost into line with Samsung Galaxy S7, which has a rating
of IP68, meaning the device is completely protected against dust, and it is
water-resistant in up to 1.5 metres of water for up to 30 minutes.

This is not the first leak to suggest the iPhone 7 will be resistant against
water.

The invitation to Apple's event on September 7 contains images blurry coloured
circles, which some believe to be water droplets - leading to speculation of a
water-based announcement.

Meanwhile, a report in the China-based Commercial Times earlier this year claims
the manufacturer had been working on a new "compound material" that repels
water.

It will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of plastic that run
across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow mobile signals to
reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

For all the latest rumours, check out our full round-up here .

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             867 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 5, 2016 Monday 11:17 PM GMT

iPhone 7 could be WATERPROOF, new report claims ahead of big Apple launch this
week;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 on Wednesday and there's already a huge
amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 584 words


The internet is awash with speculation that Apple's next mobile handset, thought
to be called the iPhone 7, will be WATERPROOF.

If true it could herald an end to the misery that results from dropping your
iPhone down the toilet, plonking it into your pint glass, or forgetting to take
it out of your pocket before diving into the swimming pool.

It would also bring the mobile phone handset in line with competitors like the
Samsung Galaxy S7 - which can be fully submerged underwater for 30 minutes at a
time.

Apple hasn't previously advertised water-resistance on any of its iPhones -
which, while they can endure the odd splash, are rendered next to defunct with
any water submersion.

Passionate Apple users will find out for sure when a press conference organised
by the manufacturer is held on Wednesday evening.

However, well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities issued a detailed
research note over the weekend, in which he stated that the new iPhone will
indeed be water resistant.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 It will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for
up to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch
.

This will bring it almost into line with Samsung Galaxy S7, which has a rating
of IP68, meaning the device is completely protected against dust, and it is
water-resistant in up to 1.5 metres of water for up to 30 minutes.

This is not the first leak to suggest the iPhone 7 will be resistant against
water.

The invitation to Apple's event on September 7 contains images blurry coloured
circles, which some believe to be water droplets - leading to speculation of a
water-based announcement.

Meanwhile, a report in the China-based Commercial Times earlier this year claims
the manufacturer had been working on a new "compound material" that repels
water.

It will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of plastic that run
across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow mobile signals to
reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

For all the latest rumours, check out our full round-up here .

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             868 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 5, 2016 Monday 11:17 PM GMT

iPhone 7 could be WATERPROOF, new report claims ahead of big Apple launch this
week;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 on Wednesday and there's already a huge
amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 584 words


The internet is awash with speculation that Apple's next mobile handset, thought
to be called the iPhone 7, will be WATERPROOF.

If true it could herald an end to the misery that results from dropping your
iPhone down the toilet, plonking it into your pint glass, or forgetting to take
it out of your pocket before diving into the swimming pool.

It would also bring the mobile phone handset in line with competitors like the
Samsung Galaxy S7 - which can be fully submerged underwater for 30 minutes at a
time.

Apple hasn't previously advertised water-resistance on any of its iPhones -
which, while they can endure the odd splash, are rendered next to defunct with
any water submersion.

Passionate Apple users will find out for sure when a press conference organised
by the manufacturer is held on Wednesday evening.

However, well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities issued a detailed
research note over the weekend, in which he stated that the new iPhone will
indeed be water resistant.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 It will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for
up to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch
.

This will bring it almost into line with Samsung Galaxy S7, which has a rating
of IP68, meaning the device is completely protected against dust, and it is
water-resistant in up to 1.5 metres of water for up to 30 minutes.

This is not the first leak to suggest the iPhone 7 will be resistant against
water.

The invitation to Apple's event on September 7 contains images blurry coloured
circles, which some believe to be water droplets - leading to speculation of a
water-based announcement.

Meanwhile, a report in the China-based Commercial Times earlier this year claims
the manufacturer had been working on a new "compound material" that repels
water.

It will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of plastic that run
across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow mobile signals to
reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

For all the latest rumours, check out our full round-up here .

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             869 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 5, 2016 Monday 11:17 PM GMT

iPhone 7 could be WATERPROOF, new report claims ahead of big Apple launch this
week;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 on Wednesday and there's already a huge
amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 584 words


The internet is awash with speculation that Apple's next mobile handset, thought
to be called the iPhone 7, will be WATERPROOF.

If true it could herald an end to the misery that results from dropping your
iPhone down the toilet, plonking it into your pint glass, or forgetting to take
it out of your pocket before diving into the swimming pool.

It would also bring the mobile phone handset in line with competitors like the
Samsung Galaxy S7 - which can be fully submerged underwater for 30 minutes at a
time.

Apple hasn't previously advertised water-resistance on any of its iPhones -
which, while they can endure the odd splash, are rendered next to defunct with
any water submersion.

Passionate Apple users will find out for sure when a press conference organised
by the manufacturer is held on Wednesday evening.

However, well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities issued a detailed
research note over the weekend, in which he stated that the new iPhone will
indeed be water resistant.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 It will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for
up to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch
.

This will bring it almost into line with Samsung Galaxy S7, which has a rating
of IP68, meaning the device is completely protected against dust, and it is
water-resistant in up to 1.5 metres of water for up to 30 minutes.

This is not the first leak to suggest the iPhone 7 will be resistant against
water.

The invitation to Apple's event on September 7 contains images blurry coloured
circles, which some believe to be water droplets - leading to speculation of a
water-based announcement.

Meanwhile, a report in the China-based Commercial Times earlier this year claims
the manufacturer had been working on a new "compound material" that repels
water.

It will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of plastic that run
across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow mobile signals to
reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

For all the latest rumours, check out our full round-up here .

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             870 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Has Apple made right call on new iPhone 7?

BYLINE: James Dean

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 388 words


Apple likes to create a fog of mystery around its product launches, which in
good times helps to create an atmosphere of feverish anticipation before the
keynote speech. The fog remains this year, but instead of the usual excitement
there is mild anxiety.

Tim Cook will unveil the new iPhone tonight at a characteristically overhyped
gathering of Apple fanatics and technology journalists in San Francisco. He will
do so as his company tries to bounce back from disappointing sales of its
previous handset and negative headlines over its Irish tax affairs.

The new iPhone is not, however, expected to be a superstar. Leaked photographs
apparently from Apple's assembly lines in China suggest that the new device,
likely to be named the iPhone 7, will look very similar to the iPhone 6, which
was launched in September 2014 and was a huge success. The images suggest there
will be a large and a larger model of the same sizes as the iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus.

The smaller of the new iPhones appears to have a larger camera and the Plus
model looks as if it will have two cameras to improve photographs. Neither is
likely to have a headphone jack, as Apple pushes its customers towards wireless
earphones. The iPhone's "home" button is likely to be replaced by a
pressure-sensitive pad. There will be the usual upgrades to the iPhone's
hardware and software, but all these changes are minor for a product that
generates more than three fifths of Apple's revenue.

In the second quarter of this year, iPhone sales fell for the first time in
seven years, by more than 16 per cent compared with the same period last year,
prompting Apple's first quarterly decline in revenue for 13 years.

Samsung's Galaxy S7 has been performing strongly since its launch in March this
year. The Edge variant proved to be particularly popular in the second quarter,
making up more than half of S7 sales.

Competition from China is also hotting up, with Huawei's market share growing
from 8.6 per cent in the second quarter of last year to 9.4 per cent in the same
period this year, according to IDC, the researcher. Apple's market share is just
under 12 per cent, although the margins on its smartphones are considerably
higher than those of its competitors. Samsung has 22.4 per cent of the market,
up from 21.3 per cent in the second quarter of last year.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2016 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             871 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                              Worcester TG Edition

No need to show off;
The iPhone 7 is fine, even if it doesn't wow

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; 11

LENGTH: 1022 words



HIGHLIGHT: It doesn't take dramatic improvements to make the new iPhones better
_ even when the most dramatic change is the removal of a traditional headphone
jack


TIBURON, Calif. -- Apple's new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are clearly improvements on
their predecessors -- even if the biggest change is actually an omission (of the
traditional headphone jack). But are they improved enough to justify an upgrade?

If you're an iPhone user, it may depend on how long you've held onto your
current iPhone. If you're a proud owner of the iPhone 6S or its plus-sized
cousin, you probably don't need to rush out for the 7. But the 7 includes enough
cumulative iPhone improvements from the past two years to tempt anyone still
clinging to an older model.

For instance, the iPhone 7 is seriously water resistant; putting it under a
faucet for a few minutes merely muffled the speakers and made the touch screen
stop working until I dried it off. It's got louder speakers, a brighter screen
and, in the larger 7 Plus, a second camera lens -- a low-powered but useful
zoom. Add to that a sharper 12 megapixel camera introduced with the 6S.

All iPhone 7 models come with twice the storage as the comparable 6S, at mostly
the same price. That's "mostly" because the $769 starting price for the larger
iPhone 7 Plus is $20 more than comparable past models. The regular iPhone 7
stays at $649. Both entry-level phones now have 32 gigabytes rather than 16.

LISTENING WIRED ...

Without the traditional headphone jack, wired headphones plug into the Lightning
port normally used for charging. But the jack's disappearance doesn't present
the problem you might expect, given that iPhone 7 comes with a 3-inch-long
adapter for your old headphones. A replacement costs $9 if you lose it (I've
misplaced one already in less than a week).

To charge your phone while listening, you need a $99 battery case or a
third-party adapter. Neither is included. Also, your iPhone 7 headphones won't
work with any other device that uses the old-fashioned jack.

... AND UNWIRED

Of course, you can just go wireless, as Apple would love you to do. Its upcoming
$159 AirPods are two tiny inch-and-a-half Bluetooth earpieces designed to
integrate with Apple's software. Setting them up involves little more than
opening the case near your phone and tapping "Connect."

Audio plays automatically when you're wearing them, and pauses when you pop one
out to talk to someone. Double tapping on an earpiece let me ask the Siri voice
assistant to change the volume, rewind or check the weather.


(They do look a little like dangling earrings when you have them in.)

The AirPods picked up my voice pretty well, even when I spoke softly, and calls
sounded fine in controlled environments. Siri had some trouble when Shakira
blared in the background, but that's no different from using the phone in a loud
bar. And next to a busy highway in New York, the call sounded fine to me, but
the person I was speaking with thought it sounded like a speaker phone.

The AirPods did stay in my ears through one bike ride, eight runs and some
jumps, though one dropped out as I changed my shirt.

Apple promises five hours of continuous use; I got well over that, although
voice calls will eat up their tiny batteries much faster. You can also double
your listening by using one AirPod at a time. The AirPods come in a case that
resembles a pack of dental floss; it also recharges the earpieces, extending
usage to 24 hours. The Lightning charging cord for your phone can recharge the
case, too.

But the AirPods still seem remarkably easy to lose. The case helps, but I also
lose dental floss regularly (don't tell my dentist). I also get careless with
wired headphones; I've even run a pair through the wash, which was no big deal
since they cost just $29. Of course, you might be more careful with $160
accessories. Apple does plan to sell single earpieces and the case separately,
but hasn't announced prices.


BETTER IMAGES

While smartphone cameras have long offered zooming, these are typically done
with software tricks that degrade image quality. The iPhone 7 Plus has a second
lens that offers 2X optical zoom without any image degradation. (Technically,
it's not a true zoom lens, but it uses a separate camera system to achieve a
similar effect.)

Twice the magnification might not sound like much, but it makes a big difference
when you're zeroing in on one aspect of a scene. If you then need "digital zoom"
-- as those software tricks are known -- you're at least starting out with a
sharper image. For close-ups, the zoom lens lets you step back to keep your
shadow out of the shot.

It's a shame the iPhone 7 doesn't have the second lens as well, but it might
take a few years for that to happen. Something similar occurred with anti-shake
technology, which took two years to move from the Plus to the regular size
starting with the iPhone 7.

The selfie camera also got better in the iPhone 7. Resolution increases to 7
megapixels, from 5 megapixels, so the selfie camera no longer feels inferior.

___

OTHER IMPROVEMENTS

The new iPhones now have stereo speakers and play audio twice as loud as before.
I could do the dishes with the faucet running and still hear my music without
putting on headphones. The screens are also brighter, which could help in direct
sunlight.

Apple says battery life improves by an hour or two, thanks to higher capacity
and efficiencies. No battery is ever going to be enough, but Apple promises 12
to 15 hours of internet use.

If you do upgrade, consider the new jet black model. The back is polished so
finely that it looks like glass, yet has the strength of aluminum. It smudges
easily -- but of course you ought to have a case anyway.

___

Online:

Things to know on iOS 10: http://apne.ws/2c8RWfv

Apple CEO Tim Cook announces the new iPhone 7 during an event to announce new
products Sept. 7 in San Francisco. Marcio Jose Sanchez/the associated press

FILE - In this Sept. 7, 2016, file photo, Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice
president of worldwide marketing, talks about AirPods during an event to
announce new products, in San Francisco. AirPods are Bluetooth headsets designed
to work seamlessly with AppleþÄôs software. The setup involves little more than
opening the case near your phone and tapping þÄúConnect.þÄù (AP Photo/Marcio
Jose Sanchez, File)

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             872 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Peterborough Examiner

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Hit the road, jack

BYLINE: Brandon Bailey And Michael Liedtke, The Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 721  words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Apple's latest iPhone may be more notable for what's missing from previous
models than what's being added. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus unveiled Wednesday won't
have an analog headphone jack - a longtime staple in just about every consumer
electronics device that can play audio. In doing so, Apple is betting that its
legions of loyal fans will embrace the shift to wireless headphones - or, if
they insist on sticking with their old ways, that they won't mind using earbuds
that plug into the iPhone's power port, or older headsets in conjunction with a
new adapter.

The redesigned earbuds - with cord - will be included with the new iPhones. Also
in the box: An adapter consisting of two plugs connected by a short length of
cable, which will connect older headphones to the charging port.

Wireless future looms But Apple is trying to push consumers to cut the cord with
their headphones and make the leap into what it envisions as a "wireless
future."

"The reason to move on is courage," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior
vice-president of worldwide marketing. "The courage to move on and do something
new that will benefit all of us."

As part of the transition, Apple also is introducing wireless "AirPods" that
will sell for $160.

Getting rid of the 3.5 millimeter headphone jack helped Apple make its new
iPhone slimmer, boost its battery lifetime and add other improvements, including
stereo speakers and a sharper camera. The iPhone 7 is also water resistant, a
popular feature that rivals such as Samsung Electronics already have been
offering.

Apple is trying to reverse its first decline in iPhone sales since the company's
late founder, Steve Jobs, unveiled the trendsetting device in 2007.

Apple sold nearly 92 million iPhones during the first six months of this year,
or about 15 per cent fewer than the same period last year. Industry analysts
blame the downturn on last fall's uninspiring rollout of the iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus, neither of which included enough compelling feature to persuade consumers
to replace the phones that they already owned.

Been there, done that Now the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus may be plagued by the same
syndrome.

Phone advances from Apple, Samsung and other smartphone makers in recent years
are becoming so run-of-the-mill that BGC analyst Colin Gillis says the industry
is gradually losing its ability to dazzle consumers. That's something Jobs was
famous for whenever he showed offnew products. In a Wednesday research note,
Gillis predicted that shopping for a new smartphones is becoming "like buying a
microwave - something people do, but not a major event." He believes Apple's
iPhone sales could decline by 5 per cent during the next year.

If that happens, it will be bad news for Apple, the world's most valuable
company. It relies on the iPhone for two-thirds of its revenue, partly because
the company hasn't been able to come up with another breakthrough innovation
under the leadership of CEO Tim Cook, Jobs' hand-picked successor.

Investors weren't very enthused about what they saw Wednesday. Apple's stock
shed 29 cents to $107.41 in late afternoon trading. The shares are stuck
slightly below their value a year ago when the last iPhone came out.

Better camera, processor Piper Jaffray's Gene Munster is among the industry
analysts predicting more dramatic changes to the iPhone next fall to herald the
10-year anniversary of the first model.

The most significant upgrades to this year's models include a faster processor
and a better camera, upgrades that Apple typically makes every year. The more
expensive and larger iPhone 7 Plus boasts the biggest change, with two digital
camera lenses. One will be for wideangle views and the other will have telephoto
capabilities, which Apple says will zoom in by up to 10 times while still
providing the same clarity as a shot on the standard distance setting.

The new iPhones will debut Sept. 16 in the U.S., China and more than two dozen
other countries. Orders will start this Friday.

The phones will offer more storage than earlier models. As people store more
photos and video on their phones, Apple is taking a cue from rival phone makers
and offering its starter model with 32 gigabytes of storage. It's still priced
at $650 for the iPhone 7 and $770 for the larger Plus model. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016
Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Ap; The lightning port of an iPhone 7 is shown
during an event to announce new Apple products Wednesday in San Francisco.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 The Peterborough Examiner
                              All Rights Reserved


                             873 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Timmins Daily Press

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Hit the road, jack

BYLINE: Brandon Bailey And Michael Liedtke, The Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 721  words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Apple's latest iPhone may be more notable for what's missing from previous
models than what's being added. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus unveiled Wednesday won't
have an analog headphone jack - a longtime staple in just about every consumer
electronics device that can play audio. In doing so, Apple is betting that its
legions of loyal fans will embrace the shift to wireless headphones - or, if
they insist on sticking with their old ways, that they won't mind using earbuds
that plug into the iPhone's power port, or older headsets in conjunction with a
new adapter.

The redesigned earbuds - with cord - will be included with the new iPhones. Also
in the box: An adapter consisting of two plugs connected by a short length of
cable, which will connect older headphones to the charging port.

Wireless future looms But Apple is trying to push consumers to cut the cord with
their headphones and make the leap into what it envisions as a "wireless
future."

"The reason to move on is courage," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior
vice-president of worldwide marketing. "The courage to move on and do something
new that will benefit all of us."

As part of the transition, Apple also is introducing wireless "AirPods" that
will sell for $160.

Getting rid of the 3.5 millimeter headphone jack helped Apple make its new
iPhone slimmer, boost its battery lifetime and add other improvements, including
stereo speakers and a sharper camera. The iPhone 7 is also water resistant, a
popular feature that rivals such as Samsung Electronics already have been
offering.

Apple is trying to reverse its first decline in iPhone sales since the company's
late founder, Steve Jobs, unveiled the trendsetting device in 2007.

Apple sold nearly 92 million iPhones during the first six months of this year,
or about 15 per cent fewer than the same period last year. Industry analysts
blame the downturn on last fall's uninspiring rollout of the iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus, neither of which included enough compelling feature to persuade consumers
to replace the phones that they already owned.

Been there, done that Now the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus may be plagued by the same
syndrome.

Phone advances from Apple, Samsung and other smartphone makers in recent years
are becoming so run-of-the-mill that BGC analyst Colin Gillis says the industry
is gradually losing its ability to dazzle consumers. That's something Jobs was
famous for whenever he showed offnew products. In a Wednesday research note,
Gillis predicted that shopping for a new smartphones is becoming "like buying a
microwave - something people do, but not a major event." He believes Apple's
iPhone sales could decline by 5 per cent during the next year.

If that happens, it will be bad news for Apple, the world's most valuable
company. It relies on the iPhone for two-thirds of its revenue, partly because
the company hasn't been able to come up with another breakthrough innovation
under the leadership of CEO Tim Cook, Jobs' hand-picked successor.

Investors weren't very enthused about what they saw Wednesday. Apple's stock
shed 29 cents to $107.41 in late afternoon trading. The shares are stuck
slightly below their value a year ago when the last iPhone came out.

Better camera, processor Piper Jaffray's Gene Munster is among the industry
analysts predicting more dramatic changes to the iPhone next fall to herald the
10-year anniversary of the first model.

The most significant upgrades to this year's models include a faster processor
and a better camera, upgrades that Apple typically makes every year. The more
expensive and larger iPhone 7 Plus boasts the biggest change, with two digital
camera lenses. One will be for wideangle views and the other will have telephoto
capabilities, which Apple says will zoom in by up to 10 times while still
providing the same clarity as a shot on the standard distance setting.

The new iPhones will debut Sept. 16 in the U.S., China and more than two dozen
other countries. Orders will start this Friday.

The phones will offer more storage than earlier models. As people store more
photos and video on their phones, Apple is taking a cue from rival phone makers
and offering its starter model with 32 gigabytes of storage. It's still priced
at $650 for the iPhone 7 and $770 for the larger Plus model. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016
Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Ap; The lightning port of an iPhone 7 is shown
during an event to announce new Apple products Wednesday in San Francisco.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Timmins Daily Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             874 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             October 9, 2016 Sunday

Reliance Jio-Airtel rivalry makes it a grand Diwali for iPhone users

BYLINE: Shubhra Sharma

SECTION: CORPORATE TRENDS

LENGTH: 222 words


As telecom companies Reliance Jio and Airtel try to outshine each other, iPhone
users have got all the reasons to celebrate. After Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance
Jio said it would offer free voice calls, 20GB data and unlimited SMS for one
year worth Rs 18,000 to all new iPhone users on its network, Airtel too joined
the race offering iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus users 10 GB free 4G/3G data per
month for one year with any Airtel Infinity post-paid plan.

The Jio offer is not restricted only to newly launched iPhone 7 and 7-Plus and
would also be valid on iPhone 6, 6-Plus, 6S-Plus, SE.

The latest edition of the iPhone was launched in India yesterday across multiple
platforms -- Apple resellers, Flipkart, Snapdeal and Tata Cliq. Most of these
companies are bundling in offers to woo customers in the world's second largest
telecom market.

Snapdeal has teamed up with American Express to offer the latter's card members
a discount of Rs 10,000 on the purchase of the device. Flipkart also said it was
priming itself to start deliveries. Telecom companies have also not been behind
in lining up lucrative incentives for iphone users post the the launch of the
iphone 7.

Now with such sweeteners being offered by these telecom companies, it will be
worth noting which of them aces the iPhone user market.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             875 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           September 16, 2016 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Apple enjoys $60B bounce on iPhone demand reports; Lukewarm reception gives way
to a blazing pace for device pre-orders

BYLINE: John Shmuel, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 548 words


Apple Inc. stock is on its biggest winning streak in years as the company
prepares to roll out sales of its new iPhone 7 on Friday.

The consumer electrics firm has piled on more than $60 billion to its market
capitalization this week alone, as the company rides a wave of bullish analyst
upgrades and strong early demand for its new smartphone.

Its share price rose 3.40 per cent to $115.57 on Thursday, capping its best
four-day performance in two and a half years. Short sellers have been forced to
cover about $250 million worth of stock on the advance, based on data from
Thomson Reuters.

Retailers reported early demand for the new iPhone 7 has been incredibly strong,
with sales of the Plus, a larger model, selling out on Apple's website.

"We believe the commentary of the wireless operators over the past two days
about iPhone preorder activity is meaningful," Walter Piecyk, an analyst at
BTIG, said. "Especially in light of conservative

Street expectations for Apple and the widespread belief that the marginal
changes to the iPhone 7 might not be enough to stimulate device upgrades."

Apple unveiled its new iPhone 7, along with an updated Apple Watch, at a high
profile event last Wednesday in San Francisco. The new phone introduced several
new features, including wireless headphones, water resistance and a new dual
camera, which will allow users to jump from wide angle to telephoto lenses.

Apple's share price declined slightly in the days following the announcement,
but this week began to rally as reports emerged that demand for the new 7 model
was much stronger than anticipated.

The stock has rallied nearly 11 per cent since the open on Monday.

Initial reviews of the 7 suggested the phone was an incremental upgrade over its
predecessor, but analysts in recent days have turned more bullish. Amit
Daryanani, an analyst at RBC Capital Markets, said Apple shares were set to
break out even further if the phone continued to defy odds.

"Given the backdrop of subdued expectations for the iPhone 7, we think there is
potential for Apple to surprise on the upside given share gain potential," he
said in a note to clients.

Both T-Mobile and Sprint issued press releases this week that said pre-orders
for the 7 were four times what they were for the iPhone 6. Apple has already
warned that given the high demand on its website, iPhone 7 models will not be
available for walk-in sales this week.

Apple has a user base of 600 million, but recent earnings reports showed that
sales of the iPhone had plateaued.

Katy Huberty, an analyst with Morgan Stanley, said current estimates are that 25
per cent of users will upgrade to the new phone, roughly in line with the
previous adoption rate for the 6. This gives the phone the potential to surprise
to the upside.

Adoption could also get a boost, Daryanani said, from the ongoing recall by
competitor Samsung of one of its phones. Samsung is undergoing a massive effort
to recall 2.5 million Galaxy Note 7 smartphones, which have suffered from
battery fires.

Daryanani says the Samsung recall could help Apple's stock up its relatively
affordable multiple - shares trade at a price-to-earnings ratio of 12 right now
- if the iPhone manages to eat into the Galaxy's market share. !@COPYRIGHT=©
2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Don Emmert, Getty Images; Two U.S. carriers issued press releases this
week that said pre-orders for Apple's new iPhone 7 were four times what they
were for the iPhone 6.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             876 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      September 5, 2016 Monday 3:50 PM GMT

Why Apple's decision to remove the iPhone 7's headphone jack might be a GOOD
thing;
Apple's rumoured decision to remove the headphone jack in the latest iPhone
could be its most controversial in years - but also one of its best

BYLINE: By Rhiannon Williams

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 522 words


If the rumours turn out to be true, and the iPhone 7 launches on September 7 at
the Apple 2016 event without a headphone jack, some Apple fans are bound to be
disappointed.

The 3.5mm socket has been used as the default audio connector on the vast
majority of electronic devices - from computers to game consoles - since the
1960s.

Now Apple supposedly wants to shake things up by forcing customers to either use
headphones that plug into the Lightning port, which is currently used for
charging, or wireless headphones, which connect to the iPhone via Bluetooth.

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 launch event?
Everything you need to know

Given that millions of iPhone owners around the world currently use wired
headphones, it's a potentially risky move, but one that Apple evidently has
confidence in.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone

Some rumours suggest that Apple is planning to bundle the iPhone 7 with new
wired EarPods that use a Lightning connector, while others claim the phone will
launch with wireless headphones, or "AirPods" .

There has also been some suggestion that the new iPhone will come with a
Lightning-to-audio adaptor, so you will still be able to use your regular wired
headphones - though these things are easy to lose.

While the move may seem like a travesty to anyone who has forked out for
expensive headphones in the past, there may be method to Apple's madness.

Recent tests by MacRumours found that headphones connected via the Lightning
port provided better sound quality than those via the standard headphone jack.

This is down to the limited size of the 3.5mm headphone jack, meaning sound
quality suffers as a result of a smaller, less expensive amp and inbuilt
digital-to-analogue music converter (DAC).

Lightning connector headphones contain their own amp and DAC, putting the
manufacturer in charge of the audio quality.

When does the iPhone 7 come out? Launch date CONFIRMED for Apple's new
smartphone

However, there's little doubt that headphones that plug into the Lightning port
would offer significantly better audio quality than wireless ones.

The 8-pin Lightning connector can handle more data than Bluetooth, which is what
counts when your headphones decode audio signals digitally, according to
TechRadar .

Dr Kevin Currie, senior member of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics
Engineers, told the website that the most advanced version of Bluetooth
available can only transfer data at a maximum of 25Mbps - or 3.25 megabytes per
second.

The Lightning port, he says, can transmit information at a rate of 480Mbps - or
around 60 megabytes per second - for far superior audio quality.

iPhone 7 last-minute leak claims Apple's new iPhone will come in five colours
and include one killer feature for photo fanatics

That means, if you care about audio quality, and you have to choose between
wired headphones that use the Lightning connector and wireless ones that use
Bluetooth, you should go for the wired ones.

You may even find they're better than your old ones with a traditional audio
jack.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             877 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              liverpoolecho.co.uk

                    September 14, 2016 Wednesday 5:13 PM GMT

iPhone 7 review - what the critics say about Apple's new handset;
Price, storage, headphones, camera - does it all live up to the hype?

BYLINE: By Tom Belger

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 503 words


The long-awaited iPhone 7 is finally here - but what do the critics make of it?

Even Apple fans may be wondering if they should upgrade now, or hold out for the
next model.

It costs a cool £599 to buy the cheapest 32GB handset on its own, though of
course the price on contracts will differ.

The new devices are available to pre-order now, and will be in shops from Friday
September 16.

Steve Kovac writes for Business Insider: "I've been using the new iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus since Apple unveiled the devices last week. I survived. In fact,
the missing headphone jack is such a minor nuisance that I barely noticed.

But he said he expected the jack-free phone to prove a nuisance for those
occasions when iPhone users occasionally want to plug into something else - like
at a computer or on a plane.

He added: "The iPhone 7 comes with new EarPods that are almost exactly the same
except they plug into the Lightning port, which is found only on Apple devices.
That essentially forces you to carry around two pairs of headphones if you want
to be sure you can plug into anything you want."

The new iPhone 7 deal that could save you £400

"Almost all of the new improvements are great - from the camera to the new home
button - but they are also largely invisible.

"It is nearly identical to the iPhone 6s from last year and the iPhone 6 before
that. It is hard to get excited about something new when it looks very similar
to what you've seen before."

David Snelling writes for the Daily Express: "From the outside it might not look
as though Apple has pushed the boundaries of design but there's some very good
news for anyone who has ever dropped their iPhones down the loo.

"The US tech giant has finally made its new smartphone water resistant, which
certainly makes it feel far more robust than previous models.

"We gave our review device a thorough soaking and it survived without suffering
any soggy circuit boards."

Rhiannon Williams writes for the Mirror: "There will be people who are deeply
unhappy at not having a headphone jack any more, and it could be argued that new
finishes aren't going to be enough to persuade people looking to upgrade their
iPhones.

"But the new and improved cameras, home button, zippy processor and better
battery life will answer the needs of a lot of fans - and simultaneously keep us
wanting more.

"If you're forever deleting photos and apps to clear up space, then rejoice -
both models will come with double the storage of the 6s ones, starting with
32GB, 128GB and 256GB.

Apple iOS 10 release time - How to install, and everything you need to know
about Apple's new software

"Photography plays a key role in the new handsets, with both receiving a welcome
upgrade. The iPhone 7 has one rear-facing 12MP circular camera, while the 7 Plus
has two cameras on its back: one for wide angles and the other for telephotos.

"Telephoto lenses are designed to create a narrower field of view for
long-focus, which basically means more detailed images without the need to get
up close and personal."

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBLIV


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             878 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            October 14, 2016 Friday

Apple iPhone 7 preorders sold out in Korea

LENGTH: 196 words


[THE INVESTOR] Apple's latest iPhone 7 and 7 Plus phones have sold out in Korea
after preorders started on Oct. 14, ahead of their official launch on Oct. 21
here.

Amid the unprecedented recall of Samsung Electronics' Galaxy Note 7 globally,
the new iPhones have been speculated to benefit most from the bigger-screen
rival's withdrawal from the market, including on Samsung's home turf.

Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus "Jet Black" edition

According to the nation's top three telecom carriers, their first batch of
iPhone preorders sold out in just a few minutes on the first day it opened.

KT, the largest seller of iPhones in Korea, said the first batch of 50,000
online preorders were sold out in 15 minutes.

SK Telecom, the nation's No. 1 telecom carrier, didn't specify the number but
said its preorders were also sold out in 20 minutes. Especially, the hot-selling
"Jet Black" model sold out in two minutes, it said.

LG Uplus, the smallest carrier, said it sold 20,000 units of the new iPhones
online in one minute.

In Korea, the retail prices for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus start from 869,000 won
(US$767) and 1.02 million won, respectively, for their basic 32GB models.

By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             879 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                                 Early Edition

Apple pins hopes on revamped iPhone 7; New phone features significant changes
and software surprises

BYLINE: Josh McConnell, Financial Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 741 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Apple Inc., is hoping that significant and somewhat controversial internal
changes to its iPhone lineup will be enough to reverse a recent slump in sales.

The tech giant unveiled two new smartphones Wednesday during its annual fall
iPhone event in San Francisco.

The smartphones, called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, include enhanced
cameras and processing power, water and dirt resistant capabilities, a jet black
look and a redesigned home button.

But it is what isn't there that is garnering the most attention.

In a controversial and much anticipated move, the headphone jack has been
removed to free up space internally for other things such as another speaker to
provide stereo audio.

"Our smartphones are packed with technology where we want more ... and it is all
fighting for space in that enclosure," said Phil Schiller, Apple's senior
vice-president of worldwide marketing. Consumers will now have to use headphones
designed to work with the existing lightning port or an adapter that will allow
old headphones to exist. There will also be AirPod wireless headphones developed
by Apple coming in October. While Apple executives called the move "courageous,"
there has been strong criticism from customers reluctant to use an adapter for
their existing headphones, especially when some have spent hundreds of dollars
on them.

Wednesday's rollout, with its mostly internal changes, marks the first time
Apple has stepped away from its strategy of conducting major design overhaul
every two years. The purpose of the change in timing was to fall in line with
carrier contracts - particularly in the U.S. - but as carriers begin to abandon
the two-year contract and opt for monthly payment options, Apple is reacting by
focusing on internal changes this year to drive revenue.

Apple has seen slumping iPhone sales for the last two quarters, which played a
role in ending the company's 13-year streak of quarterly revenue growth. In
April, the company said iPhone sales were down 16.3 per cent for the quarter to
slightly more than 51 million units. iPhone sales also fell 15 per cent last
quarter to more than 40 million units.

"We are at more than 70 or 75 per cent ownership in the United States and
Canada, so when you are reaching a point of saturation you can't expect the same
kind of growth rates historically," said Julie Ask, a vice-president and
principal analyst at Forrester Research. Aside from the usual processing power
bump, both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will have Retina HD screens for better
colours and a redesigned home button which isn't actually a button but relies on
haptic feedback to feel like it is being pressed.

The iPhone 7 will have a single 12-megapixel camera, while the Plus has two
side-by-side lenses that will allow for zooming into a scene without losing
picture quality and better depth of field.

"It's very obvious Apple doesn't want to win the race to the bottom, so they
don't need to be in the category of selling $50 smartphones," said Ask. "They
are sticking to their guns around how they think about consumer privacy, data
and products. The quality of the experience is of the upmost importance to them
and they seem to be sticking true to their values."

Also announced at the event was an upgraded Apple Watch line, which hasn't seen
a new iteration since its debut in April 2015. Called Apple Watch Series 2, the
device's upgrades are aimed at the fitness crowd, with a built-in GPS so users
can run without an iPhone and water resistance up to 50 metres for swimmers.
Prices for the new models start at about $359, available Sept. 16.

Apple is increasing its reach to the fitness and luxury markets. Announced
Wednesday the Apple Watch Nike+, which will include exclusive Siri commands, new
designs and better compatibility with Nike's Nike+ Run Club app.

Nintendo's Shigeru Miyamoto also announced a mobile game called Super Mario Run,
which will be coming to Apple's iOS first later this year. Nintendo's shares
jumped more than 20 per cent on the news.

Niantic CEO John Hanke also appeared and said the Apple Watch would be getting a
Pokemon Go app as well, adding that the popular app has been downloaded more
than 500 million times.

The new line will start at $899 with pre-orders beginning Friday.

On Wall Street, Apple's shares were flat following all of Wednesday's
announcements, increasing less than one per cent at close. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016
Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, The Associated Press; Apple CEO Tim Cook shows an
iPhone 7 to performer Maddie Ziegler during an event in San Francisco to
announce new products, including the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, as well as an
upgraded Apple Watch line, on Wednesday.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             880 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                          September 19, 2013 Thursday

Oh My Tech!: Upgrading to iOS 7 the safe way

BYLINE: By Vince Horiuchi The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 658 words


Apple this week released the latest version of its operating system for iPhones,
iPads and iPod touches. It's called iOS 7, and it's a major upgrade with a
wildly different look and a slew of new features.

For some owners of an Apple device, they may have encountered a message saying
to upgrade if they synced their device to iTunes in the last couple of days.
Then again, many of you probably have not seen that message at all simply
because I know many don't sync their devices to iTunes as frequently as you
should, if at all. You'd be surprised how many people I've encountered who have
said they have never synced their iPhone or iPad to iTunes once. That's a recipe
for disaster.

Normally, I've advised users that whenever a new operating system comes out for
anything, whether it be for a mobile device like the iPhone or a new version of
Windows or Mac OSX for desktop computers, they should think about waiting for
the bugs to come out before upgrading.

But sooner or later, you're going to have to upgrade to iOS 7 if you're going to
want to run the latest apps that become available. It won't be long before a new
application requires it. There's also so many new features and advantages to
this upgrade that it's a good idea to take the plunge. Plus, it's free.

If you are getting a brand new iPhone 5S or 5C, don't worry, the new operating
system already is installed on the phone. But for users with older iPhones or
iPads, it may be time to think about the upgrade. The iOS 7 update is for the
iPhone 4 and above, iPad 2 and above, the iPad mini, and only the latest version
of the iPod touch.

There are some steps to consider before updating that everyone should know,
however, to make your process easy and pain free.

Time   As I said, the leap from iOS 6 to iOS 7 is the biggest in iPhone history.
There are many changes in the interface design and how certain things are done,
such as the settings panel and features for the camera. So it's going to take
some time to get used to it all.

Don't make the upgrade just before you have to do some critical work on your
iPhone or iPad or before you, say, hop on a plane and know you're going to be
using it for awhile.

You need to give yourself some time to acclimate to the interface and other
functions once you update it.

Backup   Most people don't bother to do this, but it's the most critical step.
Backup everything on your iPhone or iPad before making the upgrade. It's simple
enough, and should something go awry with updating, all of your content will be
safe.

After you connect your device to iTunes, sync it. This will ensure that
everything in your device -- music, movies, books, apps and the settings -- are
backed up to your computer as well as in the cloud to iCloud.

Before pressing the "Sync" button, make sure you click the "iCloud" box under
the Back Up section in the center pane of iTunes. When you click "Sync," it will
save all of your settings to the cloud. Then if you click the "This Computer"
box and sync it again or click the "Back Up Now" button to the right, you will
save all of your content to your computer.

Update   There are two ways to update your iPhone or iPad: You can download the
update to your computer and then sync the device, or you can update it over the
air via WiFi straight to the device. In either case, make sure your device is
fully charged so it doesn't die in the middle of upgrading.

Either method is fine to do, but anecdotally I've heard more problems in the
past associated with updating wirelessly and that it has usually been more
trouble free to download it to your computer and sync it through iTunes. So far,
however, I haven't heard that updating this particular version one way was
riskier than the other.

If you have a tech question for Vince, email him at ohmytech@sltrib.com, and
he'll try to answer it for his column in The Salt Lake Tribune or on its
website. For an archive of past columns, go to www.sltrib.com/Topics/ohmytech.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: An iPhone with iOS 7 software displays the new look of the Control
Center, Tuesday, Sept. 17, 2013 in New York. Much of the new iOS 7 software is
about cosmetic changes. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan)
Craig Federighi, senior vice president of Software Engineering at Apple, speaks
about the new iOS 7 release in Cupertino, Calif., Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2013. (AP
Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)
An iPhone with iOS 7 software, left, is displayed next to an iPhone with the
older iOS 6 operating system, Tuesday, Sept. 17, 2013 in New York. Much of the
new iOS 7 software is about cosmetic changes. The three-dimensional magazine
rack in the Newsstand app is gone, for instance. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan)
An iPhone with iOS 7 software, left, is displayed next to an iPhone with the
older iOS 6 operating system, Tuesday, Sept. 17, 2013 in New York. Much of the
new iOS 7 software is about cosmetic changes. In the Maps app, directions are no
longer presented in green boxes that resemble highway signs, for instance. (AP
Photo/Mark Lennihan)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             881 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Anadolu Agency (AA)

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

iPhone 7 pre-orders open in Turkey at n11.com

LENGTH: 136 words


Features

archive

ANKARA

Turkish E-market platform n11.com has started Friday to accept pre-orders for
Apple's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

Tech giant Apple unveiled the iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and its new smartwatch on
Wednesday in an event held in San Francisco.

n11.com offers all five color options announced at the Apple event, including
two shades of black -- Jet black and black -- grey, gold and pink.

While iPhone 7 has a front seven-megapixel camera able to shoot at HD resolution
and a rear camera with a 12-megapixel capacity, the iPhone 7 plus offers 12
megapixel cameras on both the front and the rear.

Both are dust-resistant and can work for up to one meter underwater.

The new models also come with wireless headphones.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/148/400/16/147344445052.jpg

iPhone7pre-ordersopeninTurkeyatn11.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 400


                          Copyright 2016 Andolu Ajansi
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             882 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                           September 25, 2016 Sunday

Apple iPhone 7 enters 30 more countries from Saturday

LENGTH: 342  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 25 -- MUST READ
 Five takeaways from Apple iPhone 7 launch event
 New York: After a stupendous response from 28 countries in the first phase
beginning from September 16, Apple's iPhone 7 ans iPhone 7 Plus will now be
available in additional 30 countries, starting from Saturday.


 Todaya's launch includes the following countries: Andorra, Bahrain, Bosnia and
Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Estonia, Greece,
Greenland, Guernsey, Hungary, Iceland, Isle of Man, Jersey, Kosovo, Kuwait,
Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Maldives, Malta, Monaco, Poland, Qatar,
Romania, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Slovakia and Slovenia.
 iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will be launched in India on October 7.
 Apple also launched its new "Apple Watch Series 2", "Apple Watch Edition" and
updated Series 1 models in 20 additional countries on Saturday.
 The new "Apple Watch Series 2 Hermes" was also launcheed for the first time in
18 countries on Saturday.
 Apple enthusiasts are known to swarm company stores and form long queues in the
hours before any big launch and the scene at its stores in 28 countries in the
first phase was no different on September 16.
 Coming in silver, gold, rose gold and the new black finish (jet black), iPhone
7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB models, starting
at Rs 60,000, in India.
 iPhone 7 features breakthrough new camera systems, the best battery life ever
in an iPhone and water and dust resistance.
 "Apple Watch Series 2", the ultimate device for a healthy life, offers water
resistance at 50 metre, GPS, two-times-brighter display, dual-core processor and
watchOS 3.
 Starting at $369, the 'Apple Watch Series 2' will be water resistant to 50
metres and the speaker will literally repel the water like a piston.
 The device will have a dual core processor with GPU that is up to two times
faster.
 Since Navratri - an auspicious time for shopping - begins on October 1 and with
Diwali falling on October 30, this is a strategic time for Apple to register
super iPhone 7 sales in India.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             883 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               24 Hours Vancouver

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

New iPhone features are nice , but Apple will have a tough sell

BYLINE: Josh Mcconnell, 24 Hours Vancouver

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 473  words


If it's September, there ust be a brand new iPhone ine from Apple Inc. And if
his year's iPhone looks susiciously similar to last year's Phone, that's
because, well, it s.

Called the iPhone 7 and the Phone 7 Plus, the new line arks the first time Apple
has ot followed one of its S-series ith a design change - a devition from its
usual two-year esign cycle. The height, idth and depth dimensions f the new
phones are all idenical to the previous iPhone 6s nd 6s Plus, though the weight
s slightly less.

The Financial Post was one a few media outlets globally receive early review
units of oth phones to test all of the ew features.

On the inside, there is a aster processor that's up to 40 er cent faster than
last year's Phone 6s and 6s Plus, plus here is up to 50 per cent beter graphics
capabilities. The hones feel quicker in simple day-to-day tasks such as web
browsing, switching between apps or restarting. More intensive actions such as
photo or video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more quickly.
The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine vibration that
creates the illusion of the user pressing a button without anything actually
moving. Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them water and dust
resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help free up space internally for other technology, like a
bigger battery or the taptic engine.

Regular headphones can now be connected using an adapter, which will retail for
only $10, for the device's Lightning port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods that are releasing in October. The only real usability issue with a lack
of headphone jack is when you want to charge your phone while listening to
music, which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the
new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved lowlight photos with
better detail and less graininess.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hoping you'll pay
extra for, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that's permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now "zoom in " optically when taking
photos without losing quality.

If you have an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you won't see as much of a difference this
year other than the big camera upgrades. But if you have an even older iPhone,
then there is plenty to like about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Both will be available Sept.

16 starting at $899 and $1049, respectively, off contract.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 24 Hours Vancouver
                              All Rights Reserved


                             884 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                          September 24, 2016 Saturday

Why are people upset about the iPhone 7?

BYLINE: Dave Taylor For the Camera

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 480 words


Q: I mentioned that I was thinking of upgrading from my iPhone 5 to the new
Apple iPhone 7 and my tech friend rolled her eyes and said that was a mistake.
Not wanting to seem clueless, I just said "hmmm..." but what's the issue with
the new iPhone 7?

A: It depends on who you ask about the iPhone 7 as to whether it has a huge
design flaw or is just the evolutionary next step on a smartphone that's been
out almost a decade now with essentially just incremental updates.

 The crux of what's upset people is that Apple's design team decided to remove
the audio jack from the base of the phone. Yes, if you're used to plugging in
ear buds or headphones, or even plugging it into the AUX port on your car, none
of those are quite so easy any more.

 No audio? No, no, just no audio jack. And even that's not quite true because
every iPhone 7 sold includes a tiny Lightning connector to audio jack adapter
that works just fine in a pinch.

 The real evolutionary step, however, is that Apple is really counting on us all
migrating to Bluetooth, whether its headphones, external speakers or other
devices. The most recent generation of cars, for example, include not just
Bluetooth for interfacing with devices, but also Apple CarPlay, a sort of remote
control for your iOS devices built into the vehicle.

 Included in the box with both the iPhone 7 and its bigger brother the iPhone 7
Plus are a pair of regular Apple ear pods too, except with a twist: they have a
lightning connector, not an audio jack connector. So you can use those right out
of the box, no worries, no hassles, no Bluetooth pairing.

 "Ah, but you can't listen and charge at the same time!"

 That's true. But if you had your older iPhone on a charging dock, there was no
access to the audio jack anyway.

 Still, I'm not an apologist for Apple. I bought and now own an iPhone 7 -- I
think it's a solid upgrade from the iPhone 6 and 6s and it'll be a huge step
forward from your iPhone 5 -- but appreciate people's concerns. Some folks just
don't want more radiation, more transmission waves by their skull, and they're
not going to be fans of being pushed towards Bluetooth. But, again, remember the
lightning to audio adapter included with the new phone.

 Ultimately, I think people are in an uproar over very little and in a few
months the removal of the audio jack will be just a distant memory. But have a
close look at your own usage patterns with your existing phone to ascertain
whether it'd be a huge problem for you, and if it is, consider upgrading to an
iPhone 6s instead: you can get some great deals on 'em!

 And there's always Android...

 ------

 Dave Taylor has been involved with the online world since before the creation
of the Internet and runs the popularAsk Dave Taylor --
http://www.askdavetaylor.com/ -- tech review and how-to site. You can also find
him on Twitter as @DaveTaylor.

Dave Taylor For the Camera

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dave Taylor For the Camera

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                             885 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                        May 5, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

New leaked image suggests that iPhone 7 will come with headphone jack

BYLINE: Anja Prohaska

LENGTH: 195  words


On Wednesday, a newly-leaked image on Chinese microblogging site Weibo
contradicts the rumors that Apple is probably giving the 3.5mm headphone jack a
miss on its forthcoming next-generation iPhone -- iPhone 7 -- apparently to make
the device thinner than its predecessors.

According to the leaked image on Weibo, the headphone jack will not probably be
discontinued by Apple on the iPhone 7 handset.

The image leaked on Weibo is purportedly that of the Lightning cable assembly
which is allegedly meant for the iPhone 7 handset. In the leaked image, the
headphone jack can be seen on the far left side.

Along with hinting at the headphone jack on iPhone 7, the leaked image of the
handset's Lightning cable assembly - which appears to be different from the same
part used in the iPhone 6S handset - also shows that the mentioned part will
house a number of components including antenna cables and the Lightning port.

Though the authenticity of the image leaked on Weibo has not been confirmed, the
suggestion that iPhone 7 will probably feature a headphone jack is contradictory
to earlier rumors which projected the next-generation iPhone will come without
the headphone jack.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             886 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

iPhone 7 Plus and jet black variants sold out

LENGTH: 177  words


Despite the negative reactions to the missing earphone jack on the iPhone 7,
Apple still managed to sell a generous amount of its new smartphone, so much so
that people who didn't pre-order the jet black version will have trouble picking
one up from Apple stores.

According to an Apple statement, the company has already allocated all of its
iPhone 7 Plus stock and sold all of the jet black iPhone 7 versions, reports
Engadget.

'Beginning Friday, limited quantities of iPhone 7 in silver, gold, rose gold,
and black will be available for walk-in customers at Apple retail stores. During
the online pre-order period, initial quantities of iPhone 7 Plus in all finishes
and iPhone 7 in jet black sold out and will not be available for walk-in
customers,' Apple told TechCrunch.

Apple partners as well as carriers will have differing stock levels and may be
better equipped to handle customer orders.

Even online orders are indicating a 2-3 week waiting time so customers may need
to exercise some patience until backlogs get cleared up and more supply is made
available.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                             887 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Siasat Daily (India)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

With Dual-lens camera, wireless AirPods iPhone 7 launched

LENGTH: 245 words

DATELINE: San Francisco


San Francisco, Sept. 8 -- The iPhone 7 has been revealed in San Francisco at an
Apple event tonight.

Tim Cook the CEO of Apple took to the stage and confirmed that the company is
ditching the headphone socket, meaning users will either have to use wireless
Bluetooth headphones called AirPods to listen to music, or buy a pair of wired
headphones that plug into the Lightning port - currently used for charging.

Apple has finally launched their two flagship phones of the year finally putting
an end to all the boring and repetitive rumours. It was also one of the least
surprising launches ever with all the leaks pretty much spoiling the party for
Apple. Keynote began hilariously with James Cordon doing a mini-Carpool Karaoke
jig featuring Tim Cook and Will Pharrell. In fact that was the most surprising
bit of the event. Meanwhile, here's what you get with the new iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus-

It's beautiful #iPhone7 pic.twitter.com/qHAJCSQgV0

- your future husband (@tranodh) September 7, 2016

iPhone 7

12 megapixel with a larger sensor.

Quad LED, True Tone flash.

iPhone 7 Plus

Two 12 megapixel cameras on the iPhone 7 Plus. One wide-angle (iPhone 7) camera
and one telephoto lens.

2X Optical zoom.

10X Digital zoom.

A special portrait feature makes 7 Plus match DSLR standards.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Siasat Daily. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Siasat.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             888 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                            September 4, 2016 Sunday

Apple iPhone 7 for September 7 launch: Here is everything we know

BYLINE: Nandagopal Rajan

LENGTH: 271  words


Apple's next big launch is on September 7. You can just guess, and everyone
does, on what the next big launch from Palo Alto will be. But remember it is
just a guess at the end of the day. Apple always manages to surprise everyone
with what they bring to the table in the end, even though the impact of this has
been coming down over the past few launches due to the barrage of leaks. But
yes, there is a big ticket Apple event in San Francisco on September 7 and there
will be a bunch of new devices.

What will be launched?

So far the expectation is that Apple will announce the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus. However, there has been some talk about an Apple iPhone 6SE and even an
Apple iPhone 7 Pro. We can only wait and watch to see what all CEO Tim Cook
unveils on Wednesday. For now it seems the iPhone 7 Pro is pretty much off the
list though. There will be a new Apple Watch in all probability, maybe be with a
SIM slot, but surely running WatchOS 3. There is also likely to be one or more
new iPads and a new range of MacBooks too.

What are the new iPhone 7 features?

There are a lot of rumours doing the rounds. But the features that look certain
are the dual camera rig, most probably on the costlier iPhone 7 Plus, a version
with 256GB internal storage and no 3.5mm audio jack on the phones. Also, Apple
is likely to make 32GB storage standard in the base model.

The disclaimer here is that everything about an Apple event is in the realm of
speculation till Tim Cook takes the stage. And we just don't know what is up
Apple's sleeve. However, we will let you know with live coverage from the Bill
Graham Centre on Wednesday.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             889 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                          September 10, 2016 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Peeling back the hype around Apple iPhone 7 ... is it worth it?

BYLINE: Adrian Weckler

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8,9

LENGTH: 445 words


IS the new iPhone 7 all it's hyped up to be? Will it keep Apple in its
worlddominating position? This week, chief executive Tim Cook took a break from
answering questions about tax in Ireland to focus on what Apple is usually best
known for - must-have products.

The company's latest and greatest, the iPhone 7 landed with two defining
features.

The first thing is that you can't plug normal earphones into them without
Apple's supplied adapter. In the new models, Apple has ditched the traditional
round headphone slot, saying people should start switching to wireless
headphones instead. And by happy coincidence, it simultaneously launched its own
new wireless earphones, called AirPods. (They're pretty good but will cost you
an extra (EURO)180.) The other major feature is a big upgrade to the camera on
the iPhone 7 Plus, which is the larger (and pricier) version of the new handset.
Instead of one camera on this 5.5-inch phone, you now get two. The new camera
also performs better in low light, meaning it's a big improvement at parties and
night-time occasions.

I've tried the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus and they're mostly impressive.

But they haven't been universally praised. Apple's standards for defining the
'next big thing' are now so high that 'good' can be perceived by some as 'not
good enough'.

Critics have moaned about Apple keeping the same basic design as the last two
iPhones while rivals such as Samsung are forging ahead with attractive curved
glass shapes.

There's also the background clock ticking on when Apple is going to stun us with
the next jaw-dropping product. The last time this really happened was 2010 with
the iPad. (Its smart 'Watch' device, which was also upgraded this week with a
new sports-friendly GPS waterproof version, is taking longer to find a mass
audience despite its launch in 2014.) This has some people wondering whether
Apple is settling into a new era as a normal tech company that makes good,
popular products but doesn't break the mould any more. Finally, there's the
price. If you get squeamish about big numbers, look away now: the iPhone 7
starts at a whopping (EURO)779 before subsidy for the basic 32GB model. (The
top-end iPhone 7 Plus, which is the one with the two cameras, starts at an even
more eyewatering (EURO)919.) It is by far the most expensive new iPhone ever
introduced.

Will it still rule the phone market? Probably. Despite the lack of a new case
design, it's still among the best made phones out there. But there are already
rumours of a major redesign for 2017's model, the iPhone's tenth anniversary.
For those who got an iPhone 6 two years ago, that might be a tempting date to
hold out for.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             890 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                                October 31, 2016

Apple Contractor Testing Wireless Charging Module For iPhone 8

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: CLICK

LENGTH: 369 words


http://www.investors.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/CLICK02_iphone
_103116_newscom.jpg

Taiwan-based contract manufacturer Foxconn Technology Group is making wireless
charging modules that could go into Apple's (AAPL) upcoming iPhone 8, due for
release next year, the Nikkei Asian Review reported Monday.

Whether the feature will be included in the iPhone 8 will depend on Foxconn's
ability to increase the yield rate on the component, the publication said. The
yield rate refers to the number of satisfactory units built in a production
batch.

It's also possible that Apple might include wireless charging in only premium
models of the 11th-generation iPhone, Nikkei Asian Review said.

Analysts believe that the iPhone 8, which will be released in 2017 for the 10th
anniversary of the original iPhone, will be a major design revamp, compared with
the recently released iPhone 7 series.

IBD'S TAKE: Apple stock has an IBD Composite Rating of 73, meaning it has
outperformed 73% of stocks in key metrics over the past 12 months. But there are
more attractive stocks to investigate. The IBD 50 list features a proprietary
screen of leading growth stocks with strong relative price strength and
top-notch fundamentals.

The iPhone 8 is expected to have a glass front and back in a metal frame. The
premium 5.5-inch Plus model is seen having an organic light-emitting diode
(OLED) display instead of the usual LCD screen.

OLED displays are more power efficient, boast richer colors and deeper blacks,
and can be fashioned into curved screens.

Apple released its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus handsets on Sept. 16. They are
considered minor revisions to last year's iPhone 6S series.

The iPhone 7 series features faster processors, an improved display, better
battery life and water resistance. The top-of-the-line iPhone 7 Plus has a
dual-camera system for taking digital SLR quality photos.

Apple stock fell a fraction to 113.54 in the stock market today, but it
continues to trade above its 50-day moving average after hitting a nearly
11-month high of 118.69 on Oct. 11.

RELATED:

Chinese Smartphone Makers Take Share From Apple, Samsung

Apple Seen Riding iPhone 8 'Supercycle' Next Year

5 Takeaways From Apple's Mixed Q4 Earnings Report

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             891 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     August 31, 2016 Wednesday 5:09 PM GMT

iPhone 7 Plus leaked video appears to confirm dual lens camera and NO headphone
jack;
A recording of what appears to be the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced, confirming
rumours of a dual-lens camera and the removal of the headphone jack

BYLINE: By Rhiannon Williams

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 324 words


A video of what seems to be the iPhone 7 Plus has been posted online, and
appears to confirm some long-standing rumours.

The six-second clip, depicting a large rose gold iPhone Plus being turned over
in someone's hand, was uploaded to Twitter by Apple leaker Sonny Dickson and
then quickly deleted.

When the phone is flipped onto its front, a dual camera lens becomes visible.
Tipping its bottom edge towards the camera also reveals that, while it has a
lightning port for charging, there is no 3.5mm headphone jack to be seen.

Apple's 2017 iPhone model could have a curved screen just like the Samsung
Galaxy S7 Edge

The removal of the headphone jack has been one of the most persistent rumours
surrounding the iPhone 7, and this clip appears to confirm it.

The smartphone, due to be launched next week on Wednesday 7 September, is highly
likely to ship with wireless headphones known as airpods, according to a patent.

Other rumours include the removal of the white plastic antenna bands, which
stretch across the back of the current iPhone 6s generation, and waterproofing.

However, the video does appear to dispel another report.

It has long been believed the iPhone 7 was going to get rid of the physical home
button, but the video alongside some pictures Dickson uploaded earlier this
month suggest otherwise.

A second clip Dickson posted shows a hand dragging slowly across three iPhone
screens, before turning over the far right model to show a dual camera lens.

The decision to remove the headphone jack has the potential to annoy a lot of
fans, Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak has said.

"If it's missing the 3.5mm earphone jack, that's going to tick off a lot of
people," Woz told the Australian Financial Review .

"I have cars where you can plug in the music, or go through Bluetooth, and
Bluetooth just sounds so flat for the same music," he said.

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             892 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     August 31, 2016 Wednesday 5:09 PM GMT

iPhone 7 Plus leaked video appears to confirm dual lens camera and NO headphone
jack;
A recording of what appears to be the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced, confirming
rumours of a dual-lens camera and the removal of the headphone jack

BYLINE: By Rhiannon Williams

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 325 words


A video of what seems to be the iPhone 7 Plus has been posted online, and
appears to confirm some long-standing rumours.

The six-second clip, depicting a large rose gold iPhone Plus being turned over
in someone's hand, was uploaded to Twitter by Apple leaker Sonny Dickson and
then quickly deleted.

When the phone is flipped onto its front, a dual camera lens becomes visible.
Tipping its bottom edge towards the camera also reveals that, while it has a
lightning port for charging, there is no 3.5mm headphone jack to be seen.

Apple's 2017 iPhone model could have a curved screen just like the Samsung
Galaxy S7 Edge

The removal of the headphone jack has been one of the most persistent rumours
surrounding the iPhone 7, and this clip appears to confirm it.

The smartphone, due to be launched next week on Wednesday 7 September, is highly
likely to ship with wireless headphones known as airpods , according to a
patent.

Other rumours include the removal of the white plastic antenna bands , which
stretch across the back of the current iPhone 6s generation, and waterproofing.

However, the video does appear to dispel another report.

It has long been believed the iPhone 7 was going to get rid of the physical home
button , but the video alongside some pictures Dickson uploaded earlier this
month suggest otherwise.

A second clip Dickson posted shows a hand dragging slowly across three iPhone
screens, before turning over the far right model to show a dual camera lens.

The decision to remove the headphone jack has the potential to annoy a lot of
fans, Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak has said.

"If it's missing the 3.5mm earphone jack, that's going to tick off a lot of
people," Woz told the Australian Financial Review .

"I have cars where you can plug in the music, or go through Bluetooth, and
Bluetooth just sounds so flat for the same music," he said.

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             893 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Baltimore Sun

                           September 16, 2016 Friday
                                 First Edition

WeddingWire announces expansion in Maryland

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; A; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 519  words


WeddingWire announces expansion in Maryland

WeddingWire Inc., one of the leading wedding planning and vendor review sites,
said Thursday it plans to expand its Maryland headquarters and add 200 people to
its workforce. The firm, founded in 2007, is adding a floor at its Chevy Chase
offices, where it employs about 350 people. The firm will be leasing an extra
18,000 square feet, for a total of 68,000 square feet. The Maryland Department
of Commerce is providing a $1 million loan to assist with the expansion, which
can be forgiven if the company fulfills its hiring plans by 2021. Montgomery
County is providing a $500,000 conditional grant. The company also is eligible
for state and local tax credits. WeddingWire has a portfolio of sites operating
in 15 countries that attract 10 million unique users a month for its
user-reviewed vendor database. It employs more than 800 people worldwide. Gov.
Larry Hogan, whose daughter is getting married in Maryland this weekend and
whose brother will celebrate nuptials in Italy later this month, visited the
company in April. "WeddingWire has consistently ranked among the fastest-growing
technology companies in the country and we are proud to support their expansion
here in Maryland," he said in a statement.

- Natalie Sherman

'Limited quantities' of iPhone 7 available

Don't expect to go into an Apple store  today and walk out with a jet black
iPhone 7. Or any color of the iPhone 7 Plus. Apple said Thursday that only
"limited quantities" of the iPhone 7 in black, silver, gold and rose gold will
be available at retail stores. The tech giant said initial supplies of the
iPhone 7 Plus in all colors and the iPhone 7 in jet black sold out during the
online pre-order period and won't be available for walk-in customers. "We
sincerely appreciate our customers' patience as we work hard to get the new
iPhone into the hands of everyone who wants one as quickly as possible," Apple
said in a statement. Analysts said there is always a short supply of new iPhones
when they launch. But this time, demand seems even greater than usual. Brian
White, global head of technology, hardware, software and equity research at
investment banking firm Drexel Hamilton, said Apple's supply chain even ramped
up ahead of time to avoid the kinds of shortages that plagued the iPhone 6
launch. "People went into this launch expecting pre-orders to be muted," he
said. "It looks like this is a pretty strong launch for Apple."

- Los Angeles Times

Tepid economic data could lead Fed to delay rate rise

U.S. factory output fell, consumers cut back at retailers and wholesale prices
went nowhere in August, the latest evidence of a less-than-robust economy. The
weak numbers could give the Federal Reserve further reason to hold off on
raising interest rates when it meets next week. The Fed reported Thursday that
factory production fell 0.4 percent last month. Overall industrial production -
which combines manufacturing, mines and utilities - dropped by an identical
amount. The Commerce Department said that retail sales fell in August for the
first time in five months.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 The Baltimore Sun Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             894 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      January 26, 2016 Tuesday 6:06 PM GMT

Apple iPhone sales projected to be stagnant for Q1 2016;
Analysts predict slowest-ever iPhone sales growth of just 1% in the first three
months of its financial year, down from 46% same quarter in 2015

BYLINE: Alex Hern and agencies

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 605 words


Apple is expected to report its slowest-ever iPhone sales growth on Tuesday,
when it announces its earnings for the first quarter of its 2015/16 financial
year.

Analyst estimates suggest that year-on-year growth in iPhone sales will come in
at just over 1%. That's a far cry from this time in 2015, when the iPhone grew
46% year-on-year.

Although the iPhones 6S boasted record weekend sales when they launched in
September, their record-breaking streak hasn't lasted, and they now look likely
to sell in similar numbers as their popular predecessors - which would be a
still-astronomical 74.5m units.

The reason for the slowdown in growth is unclear. Some analysts attribute the
stagnant demand to the fact that the newest iPhones have fewer distinguishing
features than their popular predecessors, causing some proportion of buyers to
skip a generation in the hope of a more substantial upgrade with the iPhone 7,
expected to arrive in September 2016.

Others point to the general slowdown in smartphone sales worldwide. Gartner
figures from August show that worldwide smartphone in the second quarter of 2015
hit 329m, up from 290m the same quarter in 2014. That increase of 13.5% year on
year was the slowest growth rate since 2013, Gartner reported.

The iPhones 6 also received a particular boost from being the company's first
over-sized phones, tempting some switchers from Android, particularly in Asia,
who had previously lapped up phablets from players such as Samsung Electronics.

"Apple has become a victim of its own success as the blockbuster iPhone 6
product cycle was hard to replicate with many customers either buying an older,
cheaper iPhone 6 or waiting for the iPhone 7," FBR Capital Markets analyst
Daniel Ives said.

China, the company's fastest-growing market, may also have weighed on
first-quarter results, as a slowdown in the country's economy forced consumers
to tighten their purse strings.

To make matters worse, Apple is expected to forecast a drop in iPhone sales for
the second quarter of its 2015/16 financial year - the first time that sales
will fall since the iPhone was launched in 2007.

This was foreshadowed by disappointing second-quarter forecasts from the
company's Asian suppliers such as TSMC and Largan Precision Co.

Analysts said the company will have to wait until the launch of the iPhone 7 to
return to growth, as buyers upgrade to the latest version. But despite not
actually existing yet, that phone is already causing controversy thanks to a
rumour that the company will not include a 3.5mm headphone jack on the device,
forcing customers to switch to wireless headphones or iPhone-only headphones
using the proprietary lightning.

Alongside the rumours about the iPhone 7, other users are holding out for a
hypothetical smaller iPhone, repurposing the 4-inch screen from the iPhones 5
with some of the faster internals from the iPhones 6. The new phone, which is
said to be called the "iPhone 5se", would fit two niches at once, serving both
those users who currently buy budget devices such as the iPhone 5c, and those
for whom the iPhones 6 are too large for comfortable use.

Apple shares closed down 1.98% at $99.41 on Monday. They have fallen nearly 10%
since the start of October, steeper than a 2.2% decline in the S&P 500 index.

Out of the 50 brokerages that cover Apple, 43 have a "buy" or higher rating on
the stock. Their median 12-month price target is $141.50. According to the Wall
Street Journal, the company is currently trading at an 8.1x multiple of forward
earnings, lower than almost every one of its competitors: Microsoft is at 17.0x,
Google at 20.7x, and Facebook at 37.4x.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             895 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils iPhone 7 with better camera

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 717 words


SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Apple's latest iPhone may be more notable for what's
missing from previous models than what's being added. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus
unveiled Wednesday won't have an analog headphone jack -- a longtime staple in
just about every consumer electronics device that can play audio.

In doing so, Apple is betting that its legions of loyal fans will embrace the
shift to wireless headphones -- or, if they insist on sticking with their old
ways, that they won't mind using earbuds that plug into the iPhone's power port,
or older headsets in conjunction with a new adapter.

The redesigned earbuds -- with cord -- will be included with the new iPhones.
Also in the box: an adapter consisting of two plugs connected by a short length
of cable, which will connect older headphones to the charging port.

THE WIRELESS FUTURE LOOMS: But Apple is trying to push consumers to cut the cord
with their headphones and make the leap into what it envisions as a "wireless
future."

"The reason to move on is courage," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice
president of worldwide marketing. "The courage to move on and do something new
that will benefit all of us."

As part of the transition, Apple also is introducing wireless "AirPods" that
will sell for $160.

Getting rid of the 3.5 millimeter headphone jack helped Apple make its new
iPhone slimmer, boost its battery lifetime and add other improvements, including
stereo speakers and a sharper camera. The iPhone 7 is also water resistant, a
popular feature that rivals such as Samsung Electronics already have been
offering.

Apple is trying to reverse its first decline in iPhone sales since the company's
late founder, Steve Jobs, unveiled the trendsetting device in 2007.

Apple sold nearly 92 million iPhones during the first six months of this year,
or about 15 percent fewer than the same period last year. Industry analysts
blame the downturn on last fall's uninspiring rollout of the iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus, neither of which included enough compelling feature to persuade consumers
to replace the phones that they already owned.

BEEN THERE, DONE THAT: Now the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus may be plagued by the same
syndrome.

Phone advances from Apple, Samsung and other smartphone makers in recent years
are becoming so run-of-the-mill that BGC analyst Colin Gillis says the industry
is gradually losing its ability to dazzle consumers. That's something Jobs was
famous for whenever he showed off new products.

In a Wednesday research note, Gillis predicted that shopping for a new
smartphones is becoming "like buying a microwave -- something people do, but not
a major event." He believes Apple's iPhone sales could decline by 5 percent
during the next year.

If that happens, it will be bad news for Apple, the world's most valuable
company. It relies on the iPhone for two-thirds of its revenue, partly because
the company hasn't been able to come up with another breakthrough innovation
under the leadership of CEO Tim Cook, Jobs' hand-picked successor.

Investors weren't very enthused about what they saw Wednesday. Apple's stock
shed 29 cents to $107.41 in late afternoon trading. The shares are stuck
slightly below their value a year ago when the last iPhone came out.

BETTER CAMERA, FASTER PROCESSOR: Piper Jaffray's Gene Munster is among the
industry analysts predicting more dramatic changes to the iPhone next fall to
herald the 10-year anniversary of the first model.

The most significant upgrades to this year's models include a faster processor
and a better camera, upgrades that Apple typically makes every year. The more
expensive and larger iPhone 7 Plus boasts the biggest change, with two digital
camera lenses. One will be for wide-angle views and the other will have
telephoto capabilities, which Apple says will zoom in by up to 10 times while
still providing the same clarity as a shot on the standard distance setting.

The new iPhones will debut Sept. 16 in the U.S., China and more than two dozen
other countries. Orders will start this Friday.

The phones will offer more storage than earlier models. As people store more
photos and video on their phones, Apple is taking a cue from rival phone makers
and offering its starter model with 32 gigabytes of storage. It's still priced
at $650 for the iPhone 7 and $770 for the larger Plus model.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             896 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch Series 2 arrive in Thailand

BYLINE: RAHAM K. ROGERS

LENGTH: 745  words


Apple has a busy week this week. A few hours ago, the latest quarterly results
were released. Late tomorrow, Apple has an event scheduled. The first Mac
announced itself with the word "Hello", adding: "It sure is great to get out of
that bag." The invitations for this week's event have "Hello again" on them. It
is anticipated there will be new Macs.

Last Friday, the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch Series 2 were released in Thailand,
although the iPhone 7 Plus was completely sold out beforehand. Delivery for
these is currently about three weeks or more. Despite what some insist, there
have been several changes to the iPhone, starting with the A10 Fusion chip with
its four cores: two are used for heavy processing such as games, and the other
two are dedicated to efficient operations of general applications like mail.
Some think the A10 could power a Mac.

I have been trying both models over the last few days, a 256GB iPhone 7 in Black
and a Jet Black 256GB iPhone 7 Plus. All iPhone 7 models are made with the same
Aluminium 7000 used for the iPhone 6s, but the finish of the new colours is
delightful. The matte black feels silky when I run my hands over it; but the
shiny jet back feels ultra-smooth, like the ebony keys of a piano. It is a
fingerprint magnet, but a quick wipe on my T-shirt fixes that.

Waterproofing to IP67 is helped by redesigned buttons and switches, most notably
the Home button: it doesn't actually move now. When pressed, Apple's larger
Taptic Engine gives feedback, making it feel as if the whole of the lower end of
the phone moves. It takes a little getting used to, but after a day or so I
stopped noticing. The new iPhones can deal with 1m of water for up to 30
minutes. In other words, the toilet-bowl drop (and I am told this happens more
than people care to admit).

Considerable improvements have been made to the cameras and their software. The
iPhone 7 models have six-element lenses and improved aperture of 1.8 as well as
better low light sensitivity. The photographs I have taken in the last few days
have brighter colours and are also sharper. The 4.7-inch iPhone also has image
stabilisation, previously only available on Plus models. That helps in low light
conditions, but is a major plus for videos.

I took a wild ride on the back of a motorcycle down a Thonburi soi on Saturday
and despite hitting several bumps, the output looked as if I were using a gyro
stabiliser. It is clear that the bike's mirrors are rising and falling as we
negotiated the soi. I also tried some stop-motion video standing on a footbridge
and that too was stable although I had only supported the iPhone by resting my
elbows on the handrail. I uploaded the videos to YouTube (1extensions).

I also took videos with the iPhone 7 Plus. The camera system in this device has
two lenses (3.9mm and 6.6mm) standard and x2 zoom. A small icon on the screen
changes optical input. Holding the icon and moving a finger on the screen makes
digital zoom available up to x10. Optical images are sharp and clear. Pushing
the zoom to maximum will show noise and digital artefacts, particularly in low
light. In the few days I have been using these new iPhones, I am pleased with
the better output I am able to produce.

A major change was the removal of the 3.5mm headphone jack. This caused much
hand-wringing when still only a rumour and before anyone had tried the output. I
wrote in this column months ago that I was in favour of a switch to the
Lightning port. Music still plays and the sound is neither better nor worse than
with the ancient analogue connector.

To make sure everyone was covered, Apple included a Lightning to analogue
adaptor in the box. It works fine, of course. I also tried this with the
blood-glucose analyser I have: data output is unaffected.

There are several changes also to the new Apple Watch and it is clear that
Cupertino has been paying attention. The data appears on the sharper screen much
quicker and the wait for something to happen is much shorter. Where I have been
finding the most improvements is with the messaging -- always a key feature of
the Watch for me -- and with apps for health and fitness.

I have the Apple Watch Series 2 in shiny black. It came with a black
fluoroelastomer band, but it looks so good that I decided to buy the black
Milanese Loop band too. These had run out in the stores I tried. I ordered one
online: that should be delivered to my office today.

Next week I will comment more fully on the Apple Watch.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             897 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Apple unveils iPhone 7 with better camera, no headphone jack

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 933 words


SAN FRANCISCO - Apple's latest iPhone may be more notable for what's missing
from previous models than what's being added. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus unveiled
Wednesday won't have an analog headphone jack - a longtime staple in just about
every consumer electronics device that can play audio.

In doing so, Apple is betting that its legions of loyal fans will embrace the
shift to wireless headphones - or, if they insist on sticking with their old
ways, that they won't mind using earbuds that plug into the iPhone's power port,
or older headsets in conjunction with a new adapter.

The redesigned earbuds - with cord - will be included with the new iPhones. Also
in the box: an adapter consisting of two plugs connected by a short length of
cable, which will connect older headphones to the charging port.

But Apple is trying to push consumers to cut the cord with their headphones and
make the leap into what it envisions as a "wireless future."

"The reason to move on is courage," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior
vice-president of worldwide marketing. "The courage to move on and do something
new that will benefit all of us."

As part of the transition, Apple also is introducing wireless "AirPods" that
will sell for $160.

Getting rid of the 3.5 millimetre headphone jack helped Apple make its new
iPhone slimmer, boost its battery lifetime and add other improvements, including
stereo speakers and a sharper camera. The iPhone 7 is also water resistant, a
popular feature that rivals such as Samsung Electronics already have been
offering.

Apple is trying to reverse its first decline in iPhone sales since the company's
late founder, Steve Jobs, unveiled the trendsetting device in 2007.

Apple sold nearly 92 million iPhones during the first six months of this year,
or about 15 per cent fewer than the same period last year. Industry analysts
blame the downturn on last fall's uninspiring rollout of the iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus, neither of which included enough compelling features to persuade consumers
to replace the phones that they already owned.

Now the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus may be plagued by the same syndrome.

Phone advances from Apple, Samsung and other smartphone makers in recent years
are becoming so run-of-the-mill that BGC analyst Colin Gillis says the industry
is gradually losing its ability to dazzle consumers. That's something Jobs was
famous for whenever he showed off new products.

In a Wednesday research note, Gillis predicted that shopping for a new
smartphone is becoming "like buying a microwave - something people do, but not a
major event." He believes Apple's iPhone sales could decline by five per cent in
the next year.

If that happens, it will be bad news for Apple, the world's most valuable
company. It relies on the iPhone for two-thirds of its revenue, partly because
the company hasn't been able to come up with another breakthrough innovation
under the leadership of CEO Tim Cook, Jobs' hand-picked successor.

Investors weren't very enthused about what they saw Wednesday. Apple's stock
gained less than a cent to close at $108.36. The shares are stuck slightly below
their value a year ago when the last iPhone came out.

Piper Jaffray's Gene Munster is among the industry analysts predicting more
dramatic changes to the iPhone next fall to herald the 10-year anniversary of
the first model.

The most significant upgrades to this year's models include a faster processor
and a better camera, upgrades that Apple typically makes every year. The more
expensive and larger iPhone 7 Plus boasts the biggest change, with two digital
camera lenses. One will be for wide-angle views and the other will have
telephoto capabilities, which Apple says will zoom in by up to 10 times, while
still providing the same clarity as a shot on the standard distance setting.

The new iPhones will debut Sept. 16 in the U.S., China and more than two dozen
other countries. Orders will start this Friday.

The phones will offer more storage than earlier models. As people store more
photos and video on their phones, Apple is taking a cue from rival phone makers
and offering its starter model with 32 gigabytes of storage. It's still priced
at $650 for the iPhone 7 and $770 for the larger Plus model.

Those who aren't getting a new iPhone will still see improvements with a new
mobile operating system called iOS 10. It will be available as free download
beginning Sept. 13. Among other things, the software will add more intelligence
to Apple services like Maps, Photos, the iPhone keyboard and Siri, the
voice-activated digital assistant.

The company also used Wednesday's showcase to introduce a new generation of its
smartwatches, which will include GPS tracking and enough water resistance to
swim with, part of its effort to boost sales in its newest product line.

The Apple Watch has been the only major new product released during Cook's
reign, and sales of the device so far have been lukewarm. The company hasn't
disclosed sales figures for the Internet-connected watch, but research firm IDC
estimates that Apple shipped 1.6 million watches in the April-June quarter, less
than half the 3.6 million a year earlier.

The original model is getting a price cut, to $270, and will get a faster
processor. Series 2 will start at $370. The updates are coming Sept. 16.
Existing watches can get new software on Sept. 13.

The Apple Watch will get a popular new app later this year too. Niantic Labs,
the maker of the cultural sensation Pokemon Go, announced Tuesday that the game
will be released for the watch, building upon the apps that it already has
designed for the iPhone and Android devices.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             898 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Apple unveils iPhone 7 with better camera, no headphone jack

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 933 words


SAN FRANCISCO - Apple's latest iPhone may be more notable for what's missing
from previous models than what's being added. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus unveiled
Wednesday won't have an analog headphone jack - a longtime staple in just about
every consumer electronics device that can play audio.

In doing so, Apple is betting that its legions of loyal fans will embrace the
shift to wireless headphones - or, if they insist on sticking with their old
ways, that they won't mind using earbuds that plug into the iPhone's power port,
or older headsets in conjunction with a new adapter.

The redesigned earbuds - with cord - will be included with the new iPhones. Also
in the box: an adapter consisting of two plugs connected by a short length of
cable, which will connect older headphones to the charging port.

But Apple is trying to push consumers to cut the cord with their headphones and
make the leap into what it envisions as a "wireless future."

"The reason to move on is courage," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior
vice-president of worldwide marketing. "The courage to move on and do something
new that will benefit all of us."

As part of the transition, Apple also is introducing wireless "AirPods" that
will sell for $160.

Getting rid of the 3.5 millimetre headphone jack helped Apple make its new
iPhone slimmer, boost its battery lifetime and add other improvements, including
stereo speakers and a sharper camera. The iPhone 7 is also water resistant, a
popular feature that rivals such as Samsung Electronics already have been
offering.

Apple is trying to reverse its first decline in iPhone sales since the company's
late founder, Steve Jobs, unveiled the trendsetting device in 2007.

Apple sold nearly 92 million iPhones during the first six months of this year,
or about 15 per cent fewer than the same period last year. Industry analysts
blame the downturn on last fall's uninspiring rollout of the iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus, neither of which included enough compelling features to persuade consumers
to replace the phones that they already owned.

Now the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus may be plagued by the same syndrome.

Phone advances from Apple, Samsung and other smartphone makers in recent years
are becoming so run-of-the-mill that BGC analyst Colin Gillis says the industry
is gradually losing its ability to dazzle consumers. That's something Jobs was
famous for whenever he showed off new products.

In a Wednesday research note, Gillis predicted that shopping for a new
smartphone is becoming "like buying a microwave - something people do, but not a
major event." He believes Apple's iPhone sales could decline by five per cent in
the next year.

If that happens, it will be bad news for Apple, the world's most valuable
company. It relies on the iPhone for two-thirds of its revenue, partly because
the company hasn't been able to come up with another breakthrough innovation
under the leadership of CEO Tim Cook, Jobs' hand-picked successor.

Investors weren't very enthused about what they saw Wednesday. Apple's stock
gained less than a cent to close at $108.36. The shares are stuck slightly below
their value a year ago when the last iPhone came out.

Piper Jaffray's Gene Munster is among the industry analysts predicting more
dramatic changes to the iPhone next fall to herald the 10-year anniversary of
the first model.

The most significant upgrades to this year's models include a faster processor
and a better camera, upgrades that Apple typically makes every year. The more
expensive and larger iPhone 7 Plus boasts the biggest change, with two digital
camera lenses. One will be for wide-angle views and the other will have
telephoto capabilities, which Apple says will zoom in by up to 10 times, while
still providing the same clarity as a shot on the standard distance setting.

The new iPhones will debut Sept. 16 in the U.S., China and more than two dozen
other countries. Orders will start this Friday.

The phones will offer more storage than earlier models. As people store more
photos and video on their phones, Apple is taking a cue from rival phone makers
and offering its starter model with 32 gigabytes of storage. It's still priced
at $650 for the iPhone 7 and $770 for the larger Plus model.

Those who aren't getting a new iPhone will still see improvements with a new
mobile operating system called iOS 10. It will be available as free download
beginning Sept. 13. Among other things, the software will add more intelligence
to Apple services like Maps, Photos, the iPhone keyboard and Siri, the
voice-activated digital assistant.

The company also used Wednesday's showcase to introduce a new generation of its
smartwatches, which will include GPS tracking and enough water resistance to
swim with, part of its effort to boost sales in its newest product line.

The Apple Watch has been the only major new product released during Cook's
reign, and sales of the device so far have been lukewarm. The company hasn't
disclosed sales figures for the Internet-connected watch, but research firm IDC
estimates that Apple shipped 1.6 million watches in the April-June quarter, less
than half the 3.6 million a year earlier.

The original model is getting a price cut, to $270, and will get a faster
processor. Series 2 will start at $370. The updates are coming Sept. 16.
Existing watches can get new software on Sept. 13.

The Apple Watch will get a popular new app later this year too. Niantic Labs,
the maker of the cultural sensation Pokemon Go, announced Tuesday that the game
will be released for the watch, building upon the apps that it already has
designed for the iPhone and Android devices.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             899 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              birminghammail.co.uk

                      August 30, 2016 Tuesday 8:43 AM GMT

Apple iPhone7 launch date finally CONFIRMED;
The iPhone7 is now expected to be released next week after Apple all but
confirmed it

BYLINE: By Graeme Brown

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 420 words


We are a matter of days away from the next iteration of the iPhone, it appears.

The iPhone7 is now expected to be released next week after Apple all but
confirmed it.

The tech giant has invited the media to an event in San Francisco a week on
Wednesday - September 7 - where it is believed the latest handset will be
unveiled.

The press invitation simply reads 'See you on the 7th", which may allude to
iPhone 7, as well as the date.

The invite also features a number of translucent coloured bubbles, which may
relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to introduce new coloured handsets.
Or they could be water droplets - which would be relevant if Apple was planning
to launch a waterproof iPhone, as rumoured.

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium at 10am local
time, which is 6pm in the UK.

iPhone 7 set to be released in two months - and rumours are rife

There's been no shortage of rumours about it - we outlined some here - with lots
of images being leaked on social media over the last few months.

In truth, if the leaked images are to be believed, the new model doesn't look
much different in size to the iPhone 6s, which has a thinner body and larger
screen than the iPhone 5 and iPhone 6.

5 things we learned from Apple's launch event including the iPhone SE, iPad Pro
and Apple Watch

You probably need to start saving now. It is thought models with larger storage
will set you back £619 between £699.

However, that is because Apple is looking at the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone - its pitifully small 16GB base level storage - in favour of a
more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

Think you're an iPhone expert? Take our quiz

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

The Bullring is the obvious place - but be aware, there's generally a LOT of
queues.

You might just be able to pick one up from the brand new store on New Street,
with major progress on the shop in evidence of late.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             900 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              birminghammail.co.uk

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 8:35 AM GMT

Apple unveils water-resistant iPhone and new watch;
Social media glitch saw the firm's Twitter account - only recently activated -
accidentally reveal the news early

BYLINE: By Dan Kay

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 285 words


Apple has unveiled the new iPhone 7, having made the phone water resistant for
the first time and removed the headphone jack.

The tech giant's chief executive Tim Cook announced the phone at an event in San
Francisco, though a social media glitch saw the firm's Twitter account - only
recently activated - accidentally reveal the news early.

A new version of the Apple Watch, called the Series 2 and with greater focus on
health and exercise tracking, was also announced, including a special Nike+
version for runners.

The Watch, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will go on sale on September 16, with
pre-orders for the devices beginning on Friday.

Instead of the traditional headphone connection, iPhone packages will now come
with earphones that fit into the phone's Lighting port, currently used for
charging and data transfer.

However, Apple also revealed new wireless earphones, called AirPods, that will
connect to both iPhone and Apple Watch remotely.

An adaptor that enables traditional headphones to continue to plug into the
iPhone will also be included in the box.

The iPhone 7 has also had its camera completely redesigned, with a much-rumoured
second lens being added to the larger iPhone 7 Plus that will enable users to
capture more zoomed images without losing picture quality.

The lenses across the two phones now contain a 12 megapixel sensor.

Mr Cook said of the smartphone: "It has become the industry gold standard.

"iPhone is the phone by which all others are measured and it has become a
cultural phenomenon."

In July, the tech giant revealed it had sold the one billionth unit of the
device, while Mr Cook said the Apple Watch was now the world's second most
popular watch brand and most popular smartwatch.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             901 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              chroniclelive.co.uk

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 8:35 AM GMT

Apple unveils water-resistant iPhone and new watch;
Social media glitch saw the firm's Twitter account - only recently activated -
accidentally reveal the news early

BYLINE: By Dan Kay

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 285 words


Apple has unveiled the new iPhone 7, having made the phone water resistant for
the first time and removed the headphone jack.

The tech giant's chief executive Tim Cook announced the phone at an event in San
Francisco, though a social media glitch saw the firm's Twitter account - only
recently activated - accidentally reveal the news early.

A new version of the Apple Watch, called the Series 2 and with greater focus on
health and exercise tracking, was also announced, including a special Nike+
version for runners.

The Watch, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will go on sale on September 16, with
pre-orders for the devices beginning on Friday.

Instead of the traditional headphone connection, iPhone packages will now come
with earphones that fit into the phone's Lighting port, currently used for
charging and data transfer.

However, Apple also revealed new wireless earphones, called AirPods, that will
connect to both iPhone and Apple Watch remotely.

An adaptor that enables traditional headphones to continue to plug into the
iPhone will also be included in the box.

The iPhone 7 has also had its camera completely redesigned, with a much-rumoured
second lens being added to the larger iPhone 7 Plus that will enable users to
capture more zoomed images without losing picture quality.

The lenses across the two phones now contain a 12 megapixel sensor.

Mr Cook said of the smartphone: "It has become the industry gold standard.

"iPhone is the phone by which all others are measured and it has become a
cultural phenomenon."

In July, the tech giant revealed it had sold the one billionth unit of the
device, while Mr Cook said the Apple Watch was now the world's second most
popular watch brand and most popular smartwatch.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBNEC


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             902 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             coventrytelegraph.net

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 8:35 AM GMT

Apple unveils water-resistant iPhone and new watch;
Social media glitch saw the firm's Twitter account - only recently activated -
accidentally reveal the news early

BYLINE: By Dan Kay

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 285 words


Apple has unveiled the new iPhone 7, having made the phone water resistant for
the first time and removed the headphone jack.

The tech giant's chief executive Tim Cook announced the phone at an event in San
Francisco, though a social media glitch saw the firm's Twitter account - only
recently activated - accidentally reveal the news early.

A new version of the Apple Watch, called the Series 2 and with greater focus on
health and exercise tracking, was also announced, including a special Nike+
version for runners.

The Watch, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will go on sale on September 16, with
pre-orders for the devices beginning on Friday.

Instead of the traditional headphone connection, iPhone packages will now come
with earphones that fit into the phone's Lighting port, currently used for
charging and data transfer.

However, Apple also revealed new wireless earphones, called AirPods, that will
connect to both iPhone and Apple Watch remotely.

An adaptor that enables traditional headphones to continue to plug into the
iPhone will also be included in the box.

The iPhone 7 has also had its camera completely redesigned, with a much-rumoured
second lens being added to the larger iPhone 7 Plus that will enable users to
capture more zoomed images without losing picture quality.

The lenses across the two phones now contain a 12 megapixel sensor.

Mr Cook said of the smartphone: "It has become the industry gold standard.

"iPhone is the phone by which all others are measured and it has become a
cultural phenomenon."

In July, the tech giant revealed it had sold the one billionth unit of the
device, while Mr Cook said the Apple Watch was now the world's second most
popular watch brand and most popular smartwatch.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBET


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             903 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                dailypost.co.uk

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 8:35 AM GMT

Apple unveils water-resistant iPhone and new watch;
Social media glitch saw the firm's Twitter account - only recently activated -
accidentally reveal the news early

BYLINE: By Dan Kay

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 285 words


Apple has unveiled the new iPhone 7, having made the phone water resistant for
the first time and removed the headphone jack.

The tech giant's chief executive Tim Cook announced the phone at an event in San
Francisco, though a social media glitch saw the firm's Twitter account - only
recently activated - accidentally reveal the news early.

A new version of the Apple Watch, called the Series 2 and with greater focus on
health and exercise tracking, was also announced, including a special Nike+
version for runners.

The Watch, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will go on sale on September 16, with
pre-orders for the devices beginning on Friday.

Instead of the traditional headphone connection, iPhone packages will now come
with earphones that fit into the phone's Lighting port, currently used for
charging and data transfer.

However, Apple also revealed new wireless earphones, called AirPods, that will
connect to both iPhone and Apple Watch remotely.

An adaptor that enables traditional headphones to continue to plug into the
iPhone will also be included in the box.

The iPhone 7 has also had its camera completely redesigned, with a much-rumoured
second lens being added to the larger iPhone 7 Plus that will enable users to
capture more zoomed images without losing picture quality.

The lenses across the two phones now contain a 12 megapixel sensor.

Mr Cook said of the smartphone: "It has become the industry gold standard.

"iPhone is the phone by which all others are measured and it has become a
cultural phenomenon."

In July, the tech giant revealed it had sold the one billionth unit of the
device, while Mr Cook said the Apple Watch was now the world's second most
popular watch brand and most popular smartwatch.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDPNM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             904 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 examiner.co.uk

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 8:35 AM GMT

Apple unveils water-resistant iPhone and new watch;
Social media glitch saw the firm's Twitter account - only recently activated -
accidentally reveal the news early

BYLINE: By Dan Kay

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 285 words


Apple has unveiled the new iPhone 7, having made the phone water resistant for
the first time and removed the headphone jack.

The tech giant's chief executive Tim Cook announced the phone at an event in San
Francisco, though a social media glitch saw the firm's Twitter account - only
recently activated - accidentally reveal the news early.

A new version of the Apple Watch, called the Series 2 and with greater focus on
health and exercise tracking, was also announced, including a special Nike+
version for runners.

The Watch, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will go on sale on September 16, with
pre-orders for the devices beginning on Friday.

Instead of the traditional headphone connection, iPhone packages will now come
with earphones that fit into the phone's Lighting port, currently used for
charging and data transfer.

However, Apple also revealed new wireless earphones, called AirPods, that will
connect to both iPhone and Apple Watch remotely.

An adaptor that enables traditional headphones to continue to plug into the
iPhone will also be included in the box.

The iPhone 7 has also had its camera completely redesigned, with a much-rumoured
second lens being added to the larger iPhone 7 Plus that will enable users to
capture more zoomed images without losing picture quality.

The lenses across the two phones now contain a 12 megapixel sensor.

Mr Cook said of the smartphone: "It has become the industry gold standard.

"iPhone is the phone by which all others are measured and it has become a
cultural phenomenon."

In July, the tech giant revealed it had sold the one billionth unit of the
device, while Mr Cook said the Apple Watch was now the world's second most
popular watch brand and most popular smartwatch.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBHDE


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             905 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               gazettelive.co.uk

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 8:35 AM GMT

Apple unveils water-resistant iPhone and new watch;
Social media glitch saw the firm's Twitter account - only recently activated -
accidentally reveal the news early

BYLINE: By Dan Kay

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 285 words


Apple has unveiled the new iPhone 7, having made the phone water resistant for
the first time and removed the headphone jack.

The tech giant's chief executive Tim Cook announced the phone at an event in San
Francisco, though a social media glitch saw the firm's Twitter account - only
recently activated - accidentally reveal the news early.

A new version of the Apple Watch, called the Series 2 and with greater focus on
health and exercise tracking, was also announced, including a special Nike+
version for runners.

The Watch, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will go on sale on September 16, with
pre-orders for the devices beginning on Friday.

Instead of the traditional headphone connection, iPhone packages will now come
with earphones that fit into the phone's Lighting port, currently used for
charging and data transfer.

However, Apple also revealed new wireless earphones, called AirPods, that will
connect to both iPhone and Apple Watch remotely.

An adaptor that enables traditional headphones to continue to plug into the
iPhone will also be included in the box.

The iPhone 7 has also had its camera completely redesigned, with a much-rumoured
second lens being added to the larger iPhone 7 Plus that will enable users to
capture more zoomed images without losing picture quality.

The lenses across the two phones now contain a 12 megapixel sensor.

Mr Cook said of the smartphone: "It has become the industry gold standard.

"iPhone is the phone by which all others are measured and it has become a
cultural phenomenon."

In July, the tech giant revealed it had sold the one billionth unit of the
device, while Mr Cook said the Apple Watch was now the world's second most
popular watch brand and most popular smartwatch.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEGM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             906 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                getreading.co.uk

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 8:35 AM GMT

Apple unveils water-resistant iPhone and new watch;
Social media glitch saw the firm's Twitter account - only recently activated -
accidentally reveal the news early

BYLINE: By Dan Kay

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 285 words


Apple has unveiled the new iPhone 7, having made the phone water resistant for
the first time and removed the headphone jack.

The tech giant's chief executive Tim Cook announced the phone at an event in San
Francisco, though a social media glitch saw the firm's Twitter account - only
recently activated - accidentally reveal the news early.

A new version of the Apple Watch, called the Series 2 and with greater focus on
health and exercise tracking, was also announced, including a special Nike+
version for runners.

The Watch, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will go on sale on September 16, with
pre-orders for the devices beginning on Friday.

Instead of the traditional headphone connection, iPhone packages will now come
with earphones that fit into the phone's Lighting port, currently used for
charging and data transfer.

However, Apple also revealed new wireless earphones, called AirPods, that will
connect to both iPhone and Apple Watch remotely.

An adaptor that enables traditional headphones to continue to plug into the
iPhone will also be included in the box.

The iPhone 7 has also had its camera completely redesigned, with a much-rumoured
second lens being added to the larger iPhone 7 Plus that will enable users to
capture more zoomed images without losing picture quality.

The lenses across the two phones now contain a 12 megapixel sensor.

Mr Cook said of the smartphone: "It has become the industry gold standard.

"iPhone is the phone by which all others are measured and it has become a
cultural phenomenon."

In July, the tech giant revealed it had sold the one billionth unit of the
device, while Mr Cook said the Apple Watch was now the world's second most
popular watch brand and most popular smartwatch.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBREAD


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             907 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                getsurrey.co.uk

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 8:35 AM GMT

Apple unveils water-resistant iPhone and new watch;
Social media glitch saw the firm's Twitter account - only recently activated -
accidentally reveal the news early

BYLINE: By Dan Kay

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 285 words


Apple has unveiled the new iPhone 7, having made the phone water resistant for
the first time and removed the headphone jack.

The tech giant's chief executive Tim Cook announced the phone at an event in San
Francisco, though a social media glitch saw the firm's Twitter account - only
recently activated - accidentally reveal the news early.

A new version of the Apple Watch, called the Series 2 and with greater focus on
health and exercise tracking, was also announced, including a special Nike+
version for runners.

The Watch, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will go on sale on September 16, with
pre-orders for the devices beginning on Friday.

Instead of the traditional headphone connection, iPhone packages will now come
with earphones that fit into the phone's Lighting port, currently used for
charging and data transfer.

However, Apple also revealed new wireless earphones, called AirPods, that will
connect to both iPhone and Apple Watch remotely.

An adaptor that enables traditional headphones to continue to plug into the
iPhone will also be included in the box.

The iPhone 7 has also had its camera completely redesigned, with a much-rumoured
second lens being added to the larger iPhone 7 Plus that will enable users to
capture more zoomed images without losing picture quality.

The lenses across the two phones now contain a 12 megapixel sensor.

Mr Cook said of the smartphone: "It has become the industry gold standard.

"iPhone is the phone by which all others are measured and it has become a
cultural phenomenon."

In July, the tech giant revealed it had sold the one billionth unit of the
device, while Mr Cook said the Apple Watch was now the world's second most
popular watch brand and most popular smartwatch.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBSUR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             908 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              liverpoolecho.co.uk

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 8:35 AM GMT

Apple unveils water-resistant iPhone and new watch;
Social media glitch saw the firm's Twitter account - only recently activated -
accidentally reveal the news early

BYLINE: By Dan Kay

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 285 words


Apple has unveiled the new iPhone 7, having made the phone water resistant for
the first time and removed the headphone jack.

The tech giant's chief executive Tim Cook announced the phone at an event in San
Francisco, though a social media glitch saw the firm's Twitter account - only
recently activated - accidentally reveal the news early.

A new version of the Apple Watch, called the Series 2 and with greater focus on
health and exercise tracking, was also announced, including a special Nike+
version for runners.

The Watch, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will go on sale on September 16, with
pre-orders for the devices beginning on Friday.

Instead of the traditional headphone connection, iPhone packages will now come
with earphones that fit into the phone's Lighting port, currently used for
charging and data transfer.

However, Apple also revealed new wireless earphones, called AirPods, that will
connect to both iPhone and Apple Watch remotely.

An adaptor that enables traditional headphones to continue to plug into the
iPhone will also be included in the box.

The iPhone 7 has also had its camera completely redesigned, with a much-rumoured
second lens being added to the larger iPhone 7 Plus that will enable users to
capture more zoomed images without losing picture quality.

The lenses across the two phones now contain a 12 megapixel sensor.

Mr Cook said of the smartphone: "It has become the industry gold standard.

"iPhone is the phone by which all others are measured and it has become a
cultural phenomenon."

In July, the tech giant revealed it had sold the one billionth unit of the
device, while Mr Cook said the Apple Watch was now the world's second most
popular watch brand and most popular smartwatch.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBLIV


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             909 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          manchestereveningnews.co.uk

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 8:35 AM GMT

Apple unveils water-resistant iPhone and new watch;
Social media glitch saw the firm's Twitter account - only recently activated -
accidentally reveal the news early

BYLINE: By Dan Kay

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 285 words


Apple has unveiled the new iPhone 7, having made the phone water resistant for
the first time and removed the headphone jack.

The tech giant's chief executive Tim Cook announced the phone at an event in San
Francisco, though a social media glitch saw the firm's Twitter account - only
recently activated - accidentally reveal the news early.

A new version of the Apple Watch, called the Series 2 and with greater focus on
health and exercise tracking, was also announced, including a special Nike+
version for runners.

The Watch, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will go on sale on September 16, with
pre-orders for the devices beginning on Friday.

Instead of the traditional headphone connection, iPhone packages will now come
with earphones that fit into the phone's Lighting port, currently used for
charging and data transfer.

However, Apple also revealed new wireless earphones, called AirPods, that will
connect to both iPhone and Apple Watch remotely.

An adaptor that enables traditional headphones to continue to plug into the
iPhone will also be included in the box.

The iPhone 7 has also had its camera completely redesigned, with a much-rumoured
second lens being added to the larger iPhone 7 Plus that will enable users to
capture more zoomed images without losing picture quality.

The lenses across the two phones now contain a 12 megapixel sensor.

Mr Cook said of the smartphone: "It has become the industry gold standard.

"iPhone is the phone by which all others are measured and it has become a
cultural phenomenon."

In July, the tech giant revealed it had sold the one billionth unit of the
device, while Mr Cook said the Apple Watch was now the world's second most
popular watch brand and most popular smartwatch.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGMWNGMANC


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             910 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 8:35 AM GMT

Apple unveils water-resistant iPhone and new watch;
Social media glitch saw the firm's Twitter account - only recently activated -
accidentally reveal the news early

BYLINE: By Dan Kay

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 285 words


Apple has unveiled the new iPhone 7, having made the phone water resistant for
the first time and removed the headphone jack.

The tech giant's chief executive Tim Cook announced the phone at an event in San
Francisco, though a social media glitch saw the firm's Twitter account - only
recently activated - accidentally reveal the news early.

A new version of the Apple Watch, called the Series 2 and with greater focus on
health and exercise tracking, was also announced, including a special Nike+
version for runners.

The Watch, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will go on sale on September 16, with
pre-orders for the devices beginning on Friday.

Instead of the traditional headphone connection, iPhone packages will now come
with earphones that fit into the phone's Lighting port, currently used for
charging and data transfer.

However, Apple also revealed new wireless earphones, called AirPods, that will
connect to both iPhone and Apple Watch remotely.

An adaptor that enables traditional headphones to continue to plug into the
iPhone will also be included in the box.

The iPhone 7 has also had its camera completely redesigned, with a much-rumoured
second lens being added to the larger iPhone 7 Plus that will enable users to
capture more zoomed images without losing picture quality.

The lenses across the two phones now contain a 12 megapixel sensor.

Mr Cook said of the smartphone: "It has become the industry gold standard.

"iPhone is the phone by which all others are measured and it has become a
cultural phenomenon."

In July, the tech giant revealed it had sold the one billionth unit of the
device, while Mr Cook said the Apple Watch was now the world's second most
popular watch brand and most popular smartwatch.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             911 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Asharq Alawsat (English)

                          September 17, 2016 Saturday

Apple Says Initial Quantities of iPhone 7 Plus Sold Out

LENGTH: 329 words


Initial quantities of the iPhone 7 Plus have sold out globally as Apple Inc
prepares to roll out its new gadget in stores, the company said Wednesday.

Supplies of the larger size of Apple's new phone have been exhausted in all
shades, and the smaller iPhone 7 has also sold out in the new jet black color,
the company said.

Customers who enter Apple Stores Friday, when the gadgets hit shelves, will not
be able to purchase the sold-out phones on site, but they can continue to place
orders for their desired models online, Apple said.

"We sincerely appreciate our customers' patience as we work hard to get the new
iPhone into the hands of everyone who wants one as quickly as possible," Apple
spokeswoman Trudy Muller said in a statement. Apple launched the new phones at a
San Francisco event earlier this month. The gadgets feature improved cameras and
eliminate the traditional headphone jack in favor of new technology.

Breaking with tradition, the company will not release first-weekend sales of the
iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, saying the figure is more a reflection of supply than
demand.

The decision sparked concerns among some on Wall Street, where many fear sales
of the iPhone, a critical product for Apple, may be leveling off. But U.S.
wireless carriers Sprint Corp (S.N) and T-Mobile US Inc (TMUS.O) said on Tuesday
they received strong pre-orders for the iPhone 7, sending Apple shares up.

"Based on everything I've seen it looks like demand is very strong," analyst Jan
Dawson of Jackdaw Research wrote in an email.

The 5.5-inch iPhone model, known as the Plus, has sold out soon after launch
since Apple introduced the size with the iPhone 6 in 2014. Phones in newly
released finishes are also typically snapped up quickly by customers eager to
showcase the latest iPhone design.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/7/425/17/147412125999.jpg

People sit in queue for the release of Apple's new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus in front
of the Apple Store in Tokyo's Omotesando shopping district

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 425


                 Copyright 2016 Saudi Research & Publishing Co.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             912 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Headphone jack gone from iPhone;
Apple's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus pushing users into wireless future.;
TECHNOLOGY

BYLINE: Associated Press

SECTION: ; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 404 words


Apple's latest iPhone may be more notable for what's missing from previous
models than what's being added. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus unveiled Wednesday won't
have an analog headphone jack - a longtime staple in just about every consumer
electronics device that can play audio.

In doing so, Apple is betting that its legions of loyal fans will embrace the
shift to wireless headphones - or, if they insist on sticking with their old
ways, that they won't mind using earbuds that plug into the iPhone's power port,
or older headsets in conjunction with a new adapter.

The redesigned earbuds - with cord - will be included with the new iPhones. Also
in the box: an adapter consisting of two plugs connected by a short length of
cable, which will connect older headphones to the charging port.

But Apple is trying to push consumers to cut the cord with their headphones and
make the leap into what it envisions as a "wireless future."

"The reason to move on is courage," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice
president of worldwide marketing. "The courage to move on and do something new
that will benefit all of us."

As part of the transition, Apple also is introducing wireless "Air-Pods" that
will sell for $160.

Getting rid of the 3.5 millimeter headphone jack helped Apple make its new
iPhone slimmer, boost its battery lifetime and add other improvements, including
stereo speakers and a sharper camera. The iPhone 7 is also water resistant, a
popular feature that rivals such as Samsung Electronics already have been
offering.

Apple is trying to reverse its first decline in iPhone sales since the company's
late founder, Steve Jobs, unveiled the trendsetting device in 2007.

Apple sold nearly 92 million iPhones during the first six months of this year,
or about 15 percent fewer than the same period last year. Industry analysts
blame the downturn on last fall's uninspiring rollout of the iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus, neither of which included enough compelling features to persuade consumers
to replace the phones that they already owned.

The most significant upgrades to this year's models include a faster processor
and a better camera, upgrades that Apple typically makes every year. The more
expensive and larger iPhone 7 Plus boasts two digital camera lenses. One will be
for wide-angle views and the other will have telephoto capabilities, which Apple
says will zoom in by up to 10 times while still providing the same clarity.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             913 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           September 15, 2013 Sunday

Craig Federighi, Apple's senior vice president of software engineering,
introduces iOS 7, the operating system on the new iPhone 5C and 5S.A bite of the
AppleSlick iOS 7 shines on the new iPhones

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 993 words


MICHAEL LIEDTKE

Associated Press

CUPERTINO, California

One of the best things about Apple's latest iPhones is the slick new iOS 7
software that runs the devices. But that souped-up operating system could end up
hurting sales because the free software upgrade will also work on iPhones
released since 2010, giving owners of the older models less incentive to buy
Apple's newest products.

Perhaps unwittingly, even Apple's software boss Craig Federighi alluded to this
potential problem while he was bragging about iOS 7 at the company's unveiling
of its new phones. He predicted that anyone who elects to install the software
will feel "like they're getting an all-new device".

I understood what Federighi meant once I was able to see the iOS 7's
improvements in action on Apple's two new iPhones, the 5C and the 5S. Although
Apple announced iOS 7 at a conference three months ago, Tuesday marked the first
time the company allowed reporters to experience the software hands-on.

Although the iPhone 5C is less expensive than its predecessor, the iPhone 5, iOS
7 almost made it look fancier than previous generations. As an iPhone 5 owner, I
was feeling a bit envious until I remembered that I'll be able to spiff up my
device too. The operating system will work on the iPhone 4 and later models,
iPad 2s and subsequent versions, and the iPod Touch that came out late last
year.

iOS 7 looks much different than previous versions of the operating system
because it no longer displays iPhone apps as three-dimensional, embossed objects
meant to mirror their real-world counterparts. The icons instead are flatter and
more colourful.

Any significant change in design typically upsets users familiar with the old
way of doing things, but I suspect the complaints about iOS 7 will be muted
unless there are some terrible bugs in the software that weren't evident during
the brief time that I was given to experiment.

I am fairly certain most people who download iOS 7 are going to be pleased. The
software makes it easier to navigate around an iPhone and adds some compelling
new features.

The additions include the ability to stream music through an
advertising-supported service called iTunes Radio and five free apps that used
to cost consumers anywhere from 99 cents (Bt31) to $4.99 apiece. The free apps
are Apple's photo-editing tool, iPhoto, and video-editing program, iMovie, as
well as work-oriented apps called Pages, Numbers and Keynote.

Apple doesn't appear to be removing any popular built-in apps, as best as I
could tell. The company did that last year when it replaced Google's mapping app
with its own navigation system only to be ridiculed for misguiding users with
shoddy directions. Apple isn't bringing back Google Maps with iOS 7, but it is
promising that its alternative is getting better.

The software upgrade also will make it easier to take better pictures and
automatically sort photos into different categories to denote particular events.
I particularly liked a feature that lets you control how the camera operates by
toggling between options at the bottom of the screen with the swipe of a finger.
Once the camera is open, the choices include taking a square, panoramic or
standard photo. The bottom-of-the screen controls also have a switch to video
mode.

When taking a picture, photographers can also choose a filter to use as they
snap the photo rather than waiting to touch up the shot later. When shooting
video, shots can be zoomed in while recording. I can't do any of that on my
iPhone 5 because it is still powered by iOS 6.

The new system also makes it easier to see and scroll through apps more quickly
by clicking twice on the home button. When this action is performed in iOS 6,
the iPhone apps are spread across a horizontal row at the bottom of the screen.
Do the same thing in iOS 7, and the apps are transformed into large tiles
displayed horizontally across the centre of the screen in an effort to help
users do more multitasking on the iPhone.

Apple is also making it easier to access frequently used controls such as
airplane mode by enabling users to pull up the panel from the bottom of the
display screen instead of finding and pressing a settings option.

Other than the new software, the iPhone 5C isn't anything special, as one might
expect from a cheaper phone.

The only thing that really distinguishes the 5C from the iPhone 5 is that it's
housed in plastic instead of aluminium. Some consumers will no doubt like the
plastic alternative because it comes in five colours: green, blue, yellow, pink
and white. The price also may be more appealing, with the 5C starting at $99
with a two-year wireless contract, a $100 discount from iPhone models released
in previous years.

A higher-end iPhone dubbed the 5S boasts several advantages that aren't
available on any other model. The coolest innovation allows you to use your
fingerprint to unlock the iPhone 5S instead of relying on a four-digit code that
has to be repeatedly typed in. The fingerprint reader can also be used to access
Apple's apps and iTunes store instead of a password.

Apple CEO Tim Cook thinks the fingerprint scanner will revolutionise technology
security. "There is going to be a whole new generation of kids who grow up not
knowing what a password is,'' Cook predicted.

I found the fingerprint scanner, called "Touch ID',' simple to use during my
brief test of the 5S. It just took less than a minute for the phone to record
the fingerprint on my thumb, instructing me along the way. Once my prints were
in the phone's memory bank, all I had to do was lightly press on the home button
when the 5S was locked in sleep mode and it quickly opened.

The 5S also contains a faster processor and technological wizardry designed to
take sharper pictures and even record slow-motion video.

Best of all, though, the 5S comes with the iOS 7. I am already looking forward
to downloading the software next week so I can simulate what it's like to have a
new iPhone for free.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             914 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Timaru Herald (New Zealand)

                          September 10, 2016 Saturday

iPhone 7 'no game changer' for Wall St

BYLINE: NAROTTAM MEDHORA

SECTION: BUSINESS; NATIONAL; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 435 words


Not even chief executive Tim Cook singing Sweet Home Alabama on Carpool Karaoke
could get Wall Street excited about the launch of Apple's iPhone 7.

The new iPhone, which features a high-resolution camera and the option of a
jet-black glossy finish but notably lacks the traditional analog headphone jack,
is not revolutionary, analysts said.

"Overall, we thought that the phone was an improvement over previous models, but
not a game changer that will reignite a significant upgrade cycle," Deutsche
Bank analyst Sherri Scribner wrote in a note.

Apple shares, which closed up 0.6 per cent on Thursday (NZ time) when the new
phones were launched, were down more than 2 per cent at US$106.04 (NZ$143.3) in
morning trading yesterday.

The shares had closed down nearly 2 per cent last year on the day the iPhone 6s
and 6s Plus were unveiled.

The iPhone 7 is priced from US$649 (NZ$1199), the same as its predecessor, the
6s. The larger iPhone 7 Plus edition will retail from US$769 (NZ$1429) - US$20
more than the 6s Plus - and will feature two cameras, including a telephoto
lens.

Wells Fargo expects Apple to sell between 14 million and 15m of the new iPhones
in the first weekend as the phones will be released in more countries than in
previous years.

The company sold more than 13m of the 6s and 6s Plus phones in the first weekend
after their launch last year.

The new phones will start shipping in major markets, including the United States
and China, on September 16. That would give Apple 14 days of sales this quarter,
compared with two days for the iPhone 6s in the year-ago quarter.

The company said it will not release first-weekend iPhone sales data, saying the
number was more a reflection of supply than demand.

Sales of all iPhone models account for more than half of Apple's revenue.

Apple typically refreshes the iPhone every year, but goes in for a big makeover
once in two years.

However, many are expecting a three- year cycle this time, leading up to a major
redesign in 2017.

"While iPhone 8 has the potential to be a big cycle, we believe there is limited
visibility given the off cycle and, if history is an indicator, believe it too
early to be investable," Wells Fargo analyst Maynard Um said.

Investment banking firm Craig- Hallum said it expected Apple to sell 211m
iPhones in the fiscal year ending September - marking the first ever year-
over-year decline in annual sales - before bouncing back to an estimated 221m in
devices sales in 2017 and 240m in 2018. -Reuters

--------------------

CAPTION:

The wireless Apple Airpods will be sold separately to the new iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus.

Picture: REUTERS

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             915 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             July 16, 2016 Saturday

Takin' a bite of Apple iPhone sales seen softening as foes encroach

BYLINE: James Covert

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 455 words


The outlook for iPhone demand keeps getting murkier.

A Wall Street analyst on Friday slashed his outlook for 2016 sales for the Apple
gadget, saying he expects the number of units sold will tumble 12 percent from
last year - and predicting the upcoming iPhone 7 will be "a marginal cycle at
best."

Separately this week, a report by Kantar Retail found that Samsung's Galaxy 7
line of smartphones grabbed 16 percent of total sales in the US during the three
months ended May 31, exceeding the 14.6 percent of sales for the iPhone 6s.

As the momentum of the 6s slows, investors increasingly are fretting that the
iPhone 7, expected to be unveiled in September, won't be a significant upgrade.

Apple, which in April reported its first-ever quarterly drop in iPhone sales, is
slated to give an update on recent demand when it reports results on July 26.

Recently leaked photos, unconfirmed by Apple, show an iPhone 7 design that's
little changed apart from a larger camera and a slightly thinner body that may
come at the expense of the dedicated headphone jack.

Mark Moskowitz of Barclays warned Friday that Apple shares could be hit by
"temporary pressure" as analysts ratchet down their estimates to account for
iPhone malaise.

"The pain could be short-lived," said Moskowitz, forecasting that this year's
iPhone unit sales will total 203.7 million down from 231.5 million last year.
"Historically, the stock recovers after any summer sell-off in the lead-up to a
new iPhone model launch."

Still, the Kantar report earlier this week warned that both Apple's and
Samsung's smartphones are increasingly vulnerable to competition from
lower-priced rivals, most notably China-based Xiaomi and Huawei.

"Apple and Samsung should stop worrying so much about each other and take a look
around them," Kantar analyst Lauren Guenveur wrote, noting that Huawei aims to
overtake Apple as the second-largest smartphone seller by 2020.

Guenveur likewise noted that "rumors are swirling" that Google will soon
introduce a handset of its own.

Earlier this week, research firm IDC said Apple's share of the worldwide PC
market shrank to 7.1 percent from 7.4 percent as customers hold out for a
long-awaited refresh to the MacBook Pro line.

Apple shares on Friday lost 1 cent to close at $98.78.

Off-key

While Apple's iPhone remains the most profitable smartphone on the market, its
sales have hit some turbulence. For example:

* Apple iPhone unit sales will decline 12 percent this year, says Barclays.

* Analyst predicts iPhone 7 (near right) bump will be "marginal at best."

* US sales of Samsung Galaxy S7 (far right) outpaced iPhone sales in March,
April and May, according to Kantar.

jcovert@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: iPhone 7; Samsung Galaxy S7. [Post photo composite]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             916 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 4:30 PM GMT

iPhone 7 launch: The curious case of Apple's silent Twitter account;
Apple still hasn't sent a single tweet

BYLINE: By Joshua Barrie

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 374 words


Apple has finally arrived on Twitter.

The iPhone maker's Twitter account came to life on Friday, just days before the
live launch of the iPhone 7 .

The Twitter page appears to have been registered since 2011, but has previously
lain dormant as an unverified egg.

Now Apple has given it a profile picture and a cover photo, and it looks as
though the company is about to send its first actual tweet.

Apple has put out a promoted tweet to advertise the iPhone 7 unveiling at 6pm on
Wednesday, but has prevented the tweet from appearing in its own news feed.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

These "dark tweets" are essentially paid-for advertising as described here -
something that Samsung used to promote its event in February.

Anyone who retweets the promoted tweet gets an automated response from the
@Apple account.

Apple is, as ever, being quite mysterious about its plans.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone

If you retweet the message, it'll reply to you using an automated service.

Our tech editor tried it out...

Naturally, given the scale of Apple's launch events, many are speculating that
@apple will be used for the iPhone 7 showcase.

Apple has live blogged its own events in the past, with pictures and text
appearing below the live stream on its website.

However, the company has always steered clear of social networks as a general
rule.

Apple broke with tradition earlier this year and launched a customer support
account on Twitter, offering "tips and tutorials" on Apple products.

However, a dedicated brand account is a different matter. It would be a
significant step for the company to switch on its own public profile.

Ultimately, the way Apple is using Twitter right now (3pm) is unusual.

If anything, it's good PR - people are curious.

We're covering the iPhone 7 launch on our live blog: tune in

The brand has spent money on promoted hashtags and a custom emoji too, which
adds to the excitement.

And for a handle that's not posted anything publicly to accrue well over 350,000
followers is really quite something.

iPhone 7: Everything you can expect from the launch of the latest Apple device

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             917 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            November 8, 2016 Tuesday
                                  Pune Edition

Apple rides Flipkart to push iPhone 7

BYLINE: Anand J

SECTION: TIMES BUSINESS

LENGTH: 359 words


Apple's initiative to partner with an online firm, Flipkart, to sell its latest
iPhones during the festive season had a major impact on sales. The channel
contributed to around 50% of iPhone sales in October, partly because it helped
Apple to penetrate cities and towns where there are no Apple outlets and which
it has traditionally found difficult to reach.Apple shipped around 2.6 lakh
units of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in October, said Cybermedia, a technology
research firm.

Most of the online sales happened with exchange offers. About 70% of these were
Android phones being exchanged for iPhone 7s. Only 30% were upgrades from
previous-generation iPhones.

The iPhone 7, priced at more than Rs 60,000, helped Apple gain market share in
the above-Rs 20,000 premium handset category in October, according to several
industry sources who did not want to be named.During the first nine months of
2016, Apple had around 20% market share in the above-Rs 20,000 handsets,
according to Cybermedia. But in October, this is said to have been significantly
higher.

\x93There is a void due to problems being faced by Samsung Note 7 in that space.
The upcoming months should be better for Apple,\x93 said Faisal Kawoosa,
principal analyst (telecom), Cybermedia. Globally , too,

Apple is benefiting from the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 battery explosions.

Apple sells iPhones in India through distributors Redington Ingram and Rashi
Peripherals. Offline and online sellers have traditionally bought from these
distributors and then sold to consumers. For the first time this festive season,
Apple directly dealt with a major online retailer.

A lot of emerging brands sell mainly through online channels because of their
reach, and because this requires limited investments. Kawoosa, however, warned
that online sales in smaller cities could backfire on a brand like Apple because
its service networks in those cities and towns are not well established.

Around 40% of India's smartphones are sold through online channels. About 120
million smartphones are sold in the country every year and Apple's share is less
than 2%.

Apple's China sales fell sharply in the last quarter.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             918 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            November 8, 2016 Tuesday
                                Lucknow Edition

Apple rides Flipkart to push iPhone 7

BYLINE: Anand J

SECTION: TIMES BUSINESS

LENGTH: 358 words


Apple's initiative to partner with an online firm, Flipkart, to sell its latest
iPhones during the festive season had a major impact on sales. The channel
contributed to around 50% of iPhone sales in October, partly because it helped
Apple to penetrate cities and towns where there are no Apple outlets and which
it has traditionally found difficult to reach.Apple shipped around 2.6 lakh
units of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in October, said Cybermedia, a technology
research firm.

Most of the online sales happened with exchange offers. About 70% of these were
Android phones being exchanged for iPhone 7s. Only 30% were upgrades from
previous-generation iPhones.

The iPhone 7, priced at more than Rs 60,000, helped Apple gain market share in
the above-Rs 20,000 premium handset category in October, according to several
industry sources who did not want to be named.During the first nine months of
2016, Apple had around 20% market share in the above-Rs 20,000 handsets,
according to Cybermedia. But in October, this is said to have been significantly
higher.

\x93There is a void due to problems being faced by Samsung Note 7 in that space.
The upcoming months should be better for Apple,\x93 said Faisal Kawoosa,
principal analyst (telecom), Cybermedia. Globally , too,

Apple is benefiting from the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 battery explosions.

Apple sells iPhones in India through distributors Redington gram and Rashi
Peripherals. Offline and online sellers have traditionally bought from these
distributors and then sold to consumers. For the first time this festive season,
Apple directly dealt with a major online retailer.

A lot of emerging brands sell mainly through online channels because of their
reach, and because this requires limited investments. Kawoosa, however, warned
that online sales in smaller cities could backfire on a brand like Apple because
its service networks in those cities and towns are not well established.

Around 40% of India's smartphones are sold through online channels. About 120
million smartphones are sold in the country every year and Apple's share is less
than 2%.

Apple's China sales fell sharply in the last quarter.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             919 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            November 8, 2016 Tuesday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Apple rides Flipkart to push iPhone 7

BYLINE: Anand J

SECTION: TIMES BUSINESS

LENGTH: 358 words


Apple's initiative to partner with an online firm, Flipkart, to sell its latest
iPhones during the festive season had a major impact on sales. The channel
contributed to around 50% of iPhone sales in October, partly because it helped
Apple to penetrate cities and towns where there are no Apple outlets and which
it has traditionally found difficult to reach.Apple shipped around 2.6 lakh
units of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in October, said Cybermedia, a technology
research firm.

Most of the online sales happened with exchange offers. About 70% of these were
Android phones being exchanged for iPhone 7s. Only 30% were upgrades from
previous-generation iPhones.

The iPhone 7, priced at more than Rs 60,000, helped Apple gain market share in
the above-Rs 20,000 premium handset category in October, according to several
industry sources who did not want to be named.During the first nine months of
2016, Apple had around 20% market share in the above-Rs 20,000 handsets,
according to Cybermedia. But in October, this is said to have been significantly
higher.

\x93There is a void due to problems being faced by Samsung Note 7 in that space.
The upcoming months should be better for Apple,\x93 said Faisal Kawoosa,
principal analyst (telecom), Cybermedia. Globally , too,

Apple is benefiting from the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 battery explosions.

Apple sells iPhones in India through distributors Redington gram and Rashi
Peripherals. Offline and online sellers have traditionally bought from these
distributors and then sold to consumers. For the first time this festive season,
Apple directly dealt with a major online retailer.

A lot of emerging brands sell mainly through online channels because of their
reach, and because this requires limited investments. Kawoosa, however, warned
that online sales in smaller cities could backfire on a brand like Apple because
its service networks in those cities and towns are not well established.

Around 40% of India's smartphones are sold through online channels. About 120
million smartphones are sold in the country every year and Apple's share is less
than 2%.

Apple's China sales fell sharply in the last quarter.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             920 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            November 8, 2016 Tuesday
                                 Delhi Edition

Apple rides Flipkart to push iPhone 7

BYLINE: Anand J

SECTION: TIMES BUSINESS

LENGTH: 359 words


Apple's initiative to partner with an online firm, Flipkart, to sell its latest
iPhones during the festive season had a major impact on sales. The channel
contributed to around 50% of iPhone sales in October, partly because it helped
Apple to penetrate cities and towns where there are no Apple outlets and which
it has traditionally found difficult to reach.Apple shipped around 2.6 lakh
units of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in October, said Cybermedia, a technology
research firm.

Most of the online sales happened with exchange offers. About 70% of these were
Android phones being exchanged for iPhone 7s. Only 30% were upgrades from
previous-generation iPhones.

The iPhone 7, priced at more than Rs 60,000, helped Apple gain market share in
the above-Rs 20,000 premium handset category in October, according to several
industry sources who did not want to be named.During the first nine months of
2016, Apple had around 20% market share in the above-Rs 20,000 handsets,
according to Cybermedia. But in October, this is said to have been significantly
higher.

\x93There is a void due to problems being faced by Samsung Note 7 in that space.
The upcoming months should be better for Apple,\x93 said Faisal Kawoosa,
principal analyst (telecom), Cybermedia. Globally , too,

Apple is benefiting from the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 battery explosions.

Apple sells iPhones in India through distributors Redington Ingram and Rashi
Peripherals. Offline and online sellers have traditionally bought from these
distributors and then sold to consumers. For the first time this festive season,
Apple directly dealt with a major online retailer.

A lot of emerging brands sell mainly through online channels because of their
reach, and because this requires limited investments. Kawoosa, however, warned
that online sales in smaller cities could backfire on a brand like Apple because
its service networks in those cities and towns are not well established.

Around 40% of India's smartphones are sold through online channels. About 120
million smartphones are sold in the country every year and Apple's share is less
than 2%.

Apple's China sales fell sharply in the last quarter.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             921 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            November 8, 2016 Tuesday
                                 Jaipur Edition

Apple rides Flipkart to push iPhone 7

BYLINE: Anand J

SECTION: TIMES BUSINESS

LENGTH: 359 words


Apple's initiative to partner with an online firm, Flipkart, to sell its latest
iPhones during the festive season had a major impact on sales. The channel
contributed to around 50% of iPhone sales in October, partly because it helped
Apple to penetrate cities and towns where there are no Apple outlets and which
it has traditionally found difficult to reach.Apple shipped around 2.6 lakh
units of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in October, said Cybermedia, a technology
research firm.

Most of the online sales happened with exchange offers. About 70% of these were
Android phones being exchanged for iPhone 7s. Only 30% were upgrades from
previous-generation iPhones.

The iPhone 7, priced at more than Rs 60,000, helped Apple gain market share in
the above-Rs 20,000 premium handset category in October, according to several
industry sources who did not want to be named.During the first nine months of
2016, Apple had around 20% market share in the above-Rs 20,000 handsets,
according to Cybermedia. But in October, this is said to have been significantly
higher.

\x93There is a void due to problems being faced by Samsung Note 7 in that space.
The upcoming months should be better for Apple,\x93 said Faisal Kawoosa,
principal analyst (telecom), Cybermedia. Globally , too,

Apple is benefiting from the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 battery explosions.

Apple sells iPhones in India through distributors Redington Ingram and Rashi
Peripherals. Offline and online sellers have traditionally bought from these
distributors and then sold to consumers. For the first time this festive season,
Apple directly dealt with a major online retailer.

A lot of emerging brands sell mainly through online channels because of their
reach, and because this requires limited investments. Kawoosa, however, warned
that online sales in smaller cities could backfire on a brand like Apple because
its service networks in those cities and towns are not well established.

Around 40% of India's smartphones are sold through online channels. About 120
million smartphones are sold in the country every year and Apple's share is less
than 2%.

Apple's China sales fell sharply in the last quarter.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             922 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            November 8, 2016 Tuesday
                                Kolkata Edition

Apple rides Flipkart to push iPhone 7

BYLINE: Anand J

SECTION: TIMES BUSINESS

LENGTH: 359 words


Apple's initiative to partner with an online firm, Flipkart, to sell its latest
iPhones during the festive season had a major impact on sales. The channel
contributed to around 50% of iPhone sales in October, partly because it helped
Apple to penetrate cities and towns where there are no Apple outlets and which
it has traditionally found difficult to reach. Apple shipped around 2.6 lakh
units of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in October, said Cybermedia, a technology
research firm.

Most of the online sales happened with exchange offers. About 70% of these were
Android phones being exchanged for iPhone 7s. Only 30% were upgrades from
previous-generation iPhones.

The iPhone 7, priced at more than Rs 60,000, helped Apple gain market share in
the above-Rs 20,000 premium handset category in October, according to several
industry sources who did not want to be named. During the first nine months of
2016, Apple had around 20% market share in the aboveRs 20,000 handsets,
according to Cybermedia. But in October, this is said to have been significantly
higher.

\x93There is a void due to problems being faced by Samsung Note 7 in that space.
The upcoming months should be better for Apple,\x93 said Faisal Kawoosa,
principal analyst (telecom), Cybermedia. Globally , too, Apple is benefiting
from the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 bat

tery explosions.

Apple sells iPhones in India through distributors Redington Ingram and Rashi
Peripherals. Offline and online sellers have traditionally bought from these
distributors and then sold to consumers. For the first time this festive season,
Apple directly dealt with a major online retailer.

A lot of emerging brands sell mainly through online channels because of their
reach, and because

this requires limited investments. Kawoosa, however, warned that online sales in
smaller cities could backfire on a brand like Apple because its service networks
in those cities and towns are not well established.

Around 40% of India's smartphones are sold through online channels. About 120
million smartphones are sold in the country every year and Apple's share is less
than 2%.

Apple's China sales fell sharply in the last quarter.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             923 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            November 8, 2016 Tuesday
                               Ahmedabad Edition

Apple rides Flipkart to push iPhone 7

BYLINE: Anand J

SECTION: TIMES BUSINESS

LENGTH: 350 words


Apple's initiative to partner with an online firm, Flipkart, to sell its latest
iPhones during the festive season had a major impact on sales. The channel
contributed to around 50% of iPhone sales in October, partly because it helped
Apple to penetrate cities and towns where there are no Apple outlets and which
it has traditionally found difficult to reach.Apple shipped around 2.6 lakh
units of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in October, said Cybermedia, a technology
research firm.

Most of the online sales happened with exchange offers. About 70% of these were
Android phones being exchanged for iPhone 7s. Only 30% were upgrades from
previous-generation iPhones.

The iPhone 7, priced at more than Rs 60,000, helped Apple gain market share in
the above-Rs 20,000 premium handset category in October, according to several
industry sources who did not want to be named. During the first nine months of
2016, Apple had around 20% market share in the above-Rs 20,000 handsets,
according to Cybermedia. But in October, this is said to have been significantly
higher.

\x93There is a void due to problems being faced by Samsung Note 7 in that space.
The upcoming months should be better for Apple,\x93 said Faisal Kawoosa,
principal analyst (telecom), Cybermedia.

Globally , too, Apple is benefiting from the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 battery
explosions.

Apple sells iPhones in India through distributors Redington Ingram and Rashi
Peripherals. Offline and online sellers have traditionally bought from these
distributors and then sold to consumers. For the first time this festive season,

Apple directly dealt with a major online retailer.

A lot of emerging brands sell mainly through online channels because of their
reach, and because this requires limited investments. Kawoosa, however, warned
that online sales in smaller cities could backfire on a brand like Apple because
its service networks in those cities and towns are not well established.

Around 40% of India's smartphones are sold through online channels.About 120
million smartphones are sold in the country every year and Apple's share is less
than 2%.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             924 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                             August 12, 2016 Friday

Apple's iPhone 7 event scheduled for September 7: Report

BYLINE: dna Web Team

LENGTH: 301  words


Earlier rumours stated that Apple would release three iPhones this year.
However, Apple will now unveil two iPhones - iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus - at an
event to be held on September 7. Sadly, the company will not unveil a new line
of MacBook Pros.

According to Bloomberg, people familiar with the matter have stated that The
MacBook Pros aren't likely to debut at an event currently scheduled for
September 7.

The new MacBook Pro lineup will be slimmer and will offer a touchscreen strip
for function keys and will reportedly be offered with a more powerful and
efficient graphics processors. The report points out that the new redesigned
MacBook Pro is aimed at increasing notebook sales at a time when consumers are
taking longer to buy or replace iPads.

With the launch of the iPhone 7 just around the corner, leaks and speculations
have been pouring in. The latest rumour afoot is that Apple is planning to put a
pressure-sensitive home button into their new smartphone.

Reportedly, the iPhone 7 will feature a non-indented home button. Instead, it'll
be more like a uniform flat panel where the button usually is, and haptic
feedback to let you know when you've touched it.

Another rumoured feature is the presence of a dual rear camera. According to a
report, someone who tested the device quoted saying that pictures were brighter
and more detailed. Both cameras capture light and colour differently, and then
the two images are merged into one photo. However, the smaller version of the
incoming iPhone 7 is expected to not feature the dual camera setup.

A third bit of news is something we've already heard before, that Apple is well
and truly ditching the headphone jack. The smartphones will, however, look very
similar to the iPhone 6 and 6S, even keeping the old 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch
display sizes.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             925 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             coventrytelegraph.net

                    September 21, 2016 Wednesday 2:27 PM GMT

Second hand iPhone sales soar - what could YOURS be worth?;
Previous models are on the up after release of new iPhone 7

BYLINE: By James Rodger

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 242 words


The iPhone 7 has landed, with thousands across the country and plenty more
around the globe snapping up the new smartphone from Apple.

As device owners look to sell their older models, research from online auction
site eBay has revealed sales of previous models are soaring.

Mirror Online reports that sales of the refurbished iPhone 5c and 6s are both up
by a third since the Apple announcement.

The devices are attracting an average price of £89.00 and £440.00 on the
marketplace respectively.

By contrast, a 32GB version of the iPhone 7 can be purchased for around £750.00
on eBay.

eBay has released the data as part of its first ever  UK Retail Report,  looking
at how we shop as a nation.

iPhone 7 owners report HISSING sound on new devices

The iPhone is one of the most consistently searched-for items on eBay in the UK,
with over 400,000 searches for iPhone 7 on eBay in the UK last week alone.

"Savvy shoppers are increasingly keen on refurbished, nearly-new technology to
get contemporary brands at more affordable prices," said Murray Lambell,
director of UK trading at eBay.

iPhone 7 has one MAJOR drawback in cold weather

"On eBay we're seeing more and more shoppers get involved in the 'circular
economy' - trading in their old tech and using the profits to buy a newer
model."

"If you've got an older version of the iPhone, now could be the time to cash
in," said Lambell. "On average we've seen Brits save around 45% on the latest
tech this way in 2016.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBET


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             926 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                           September 19, 2016 Monday

iPhone 7: Here's how Steve Jobs made his way to the Apple sale; in a pillow;
As Apple has been pushing for the online sale of the latest iPhone 7, fewer fans
of the device have been lining up for the sale, unlike the previous models.--
Delivered by Feed43 service

BYLINE: FE Online

LENGTH: 304  words


As Apple has been pushing for the online sale of the latest iPhone 7, fewer fans
of the device have been lining up for the sale, unlike the previous models. Yet
there are still a few fans who have made headlines and become popular as the
brought in some unique things during the sales. One of those mega fans from
Japan Ayano Tominaga queued up for the new iPhone in Tokyo last week and she
brought a body pillow with Steve Jobs drawn on it in order to keep her company.
The Apple fanatic happily clicked photographs with her body pillow, and also
with other Apple fans. According to reports, Tominaga slept outside the store
for two consecutive nights meanwhile sharing pictures on the photo app Instagram
as she waited for the new iPhone 7 to arrive.

Pushing the boundaries of fandom and comfort, interestingly, this is neither the
first time nor the longest time she has come to an Apple Store for the sale with
her Steve Jobs pillow. Reportedly, Tominaga came in 2014 for iPhone 6 launch day
and had put her pillow on display. She had spent a whopping nine days outside
the Apple Store waiting for the new iPhone to go on sale. Until the time such
Apple fans keep coming for the sales, there will be more customers lining up at
the launches. Yet, it generally makes more sense to pre-order the smartphone
online and waits for it, a bit. Last week it was reported in New Zealand that an
army of mini robots queued up to get the Kiwis a hand at the new iPhone 7.

The tech giant Apple had held a mega event on September 7, at the Bill Graham
Civic Auditorium, San Francisco to launch the latest version of iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 plus. While the smartphone has not made many upgrades to its previous
version, the new camera is hailed by many to be one o a kind. Yet, the absence
of a headphone jack has received a lot of criticism.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             927 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            October 23, 2016 Sunday

New iPhone 7 skin mocks Note7

LENGTH: 187  words


And with it, an example of irony

The guys over at Uniqfind recently came out with a brand new phone cover for the
iPhone 7 called the "Explo-sung", but what they dont know is the irony in it.

With all the news going around of Samsung's explosive fiasco, literally, it was
only a matter of time before parodies and jokes came out. At first it was the
GTA V game mod, which replaced the grenades in the game with the Note7, and now
it is this new phone cover for the iPhone 7 from Uniqfind. The new phone skin
called the Explo-sung, is according to the company, "a merciless way to dress up
your iPhone this Halloween." Essentially, the cover will make your iPhone 7 look
like a burnt phone, which is quite distasteful.

The irony in this is, the last phone to explode was note the Note7, instead an
iPhone 7 in Australia. According to reports, a man's iPhone 7 in Australia burst
into flames and destroyed his car. Mat Jones left his phone in the car under his
clothes and went surfing, which is when his iPhone 7 caught fire. Apple is
reportedly investigating the case, and we yet have to hear an official statement
from them.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             928 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                        June 5, 2016 Sunday 02:17 PM EST

iPhone 7 Rumor Rollup: WWDC invites; Storage party; 3-year cycles

BYLINE: Bob Brown

SECTION: NEWSANALYSIS

LENGTH: 430  words


Click for image

It can be painful enough stretching out iPhone rumors for a year or two, but a
new report suggests Apple is changing its cycle for major iPhone refreshes from
2 years to 3. In other words, yes, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus could be as
boring as headlines have claimed.

Nikkei reports that a slowing smartphone market and a lack of room for
enhancements have forced Apple to change its ways.

Nikkei says look to 2017 if you want excitement:

"On the other hand, the 2017 model will likely involve major enhancements and
design changes, including adoption of an organic electroluminescent display. The
new device will also be able to create more complex tactile vibrations on the
display because of a tiny, but high-performance motor equipped inside."

Apple sends WWDC invites

While the dates for Apple's annual Worldwide Developers Conference were already
known to be June 13-17, the company made things really official this past week
by issuing media invitations for June 13, the day it will presumably suck us in
to one of those endless announcement shows.

While the iPhone 7 will likely not be mentioned, the software that it will run -
iOS 10 - surely will.  Expect the software to include upgrades to Siri, HomeKit,
Apple Pay and Apple Music, among other things.

Data hoarders rejoice!

Word on the Web is that Apple is planning to offer 256GB storage options for its
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in the fall, doubling the current top-of-the-line
storage choice. For those who like to do things like carry around music on their
smartphone rather than gobbling up data by streaming it, such a higher capacity
could be a boon.

Market research firm TrendForce cites a steep drop in NAND Flash prices since
the second half of last year for inspiring phone makers to up storage as a
selling point. One casualty of a move to 256GB might be the currently popular
64GB mid-range option, TrendForce says.

In addition to a storage boost, memory is likely to increase on the iPhone 7
Plus to 3GB from the current 2GB standard on Apple's iPhone 6S and 6S Plus.

Same old, same old

A new indicator that the new iPhones will look a lot like the current iPhones
comes via a leaked image on the Asian site Weibo and analyzed on sites like
9To5Mac.

On the outside, the main differences appear to be a bigger camera hole, possibly
translating into a better camera, and more discreet antenna lines, confined to
the phone's edge as opposed to the entire back of the device.

But of course what you really care about is what's on the inside, right? See the
internal storage upgrade above for that...

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             929 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Bourne Local

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

Hoax iPhone 7 images hit the internet - but what can we expect from the next
iPhone?

LENGTH: 340  words


It's that time of year again - no, not Christmas - but time for internet cads to
fire up their copy of Photoshop and attempt to dupe Apple fans with images
claiming to be leaked photos of the next generation iPhone.

The latest images to do the rounds on social media purport to be the iPhone 7 -
due to come out in 2016 - and feature an iPhone 6, stretched comically to
accommodate a Blackberry-style QUERTY keyboard.

Many users on social media seemed to buy in to the hoax, although it was quickly
recognised as a joke by many others.

But what do we know about the iPhone 7?

Well as usual, no one outside of Apple or their supply chain knows very much for
certain. The organisation has kept the project under wraps, with no release date
confirmed for the device although there are rumours of an Autumn 2016 release.
Here are some of the other rumoured features:

* No home button - According to reports in Forbes the next generation iPhone is
likely to have an edge-to-edge display. Instead of using the home button, the
fingerprint scanner will be built in to the phone display.

* Thinner handset - In the same report, Forbes' Gordon Kelly indicates that a
number of factors, including Apple's rumoured choice of a processor manufactured
by TSMC, indicate that one of the firm's goals for the new iPhone is for it to
be thinner than its predecessor.

* No headphone jack - Another rumour to surface is that the 3.5mm headphone jack
will be eliminated from the new handset - possibly as a consequence of the
thinner device.

* Waterproof handset - In a development that will make anyone who has ever
dropped their phone in the sink very happy, some analysts are hinting that the
iPhone 7 could feature waterproofed ports and seams. It's worth pointing out
that this was also a rumour about the iPhone 6 prior to its launch.

* Wireless charging - Information Week is reporting that wireless charging could
be a feature of the new device.

Are you keeping an eye out for a release date of the iPhone 7? Which of these
features would you most like to see?

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MTLO


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             930 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Boston Standard

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

Hoax iPhone 7 images hit the internet - but what can we expect from the next
iPhone?

LENGTH: 340  words


It's that time of year again - no, not Christmas - but time for internet cads to
fire up their copy of Photoshop and attempt to dupe Apple fans with images
claiming to be leaked photos of the next generation iPhone.

The latest images to do the rounds on social media purport to be the iPhone 7 -
due to come out in 2016 - and feature an iPhone 6, stretched comically to
accommodate a Blackberry-style QUERTY keyboard.

Many users on social media seemed to buy in to the hoax, although it was quickly
recognised as a joke by many others.

But what do we know about the iPhone 7?

Well as usual, no one outside of Apple or their supply chain knows very much for
certain. The organisation has kept the project under wraps, with no release date
confirmed for the device although there are rumours of an Autumn 2016 release.
Here are some of the other rumoured features:

* No home button - According to reports in Forbes the next generation iPhone is
likely to have an edge-to-edge display. Instead of using the home button, the
fingerprint scanner will be built in to the phone display.

* Thinner handset - In the same report, Forbes' Gordon Kelly indicates that a
number of factors, including Apple's rumoured choice of a processor manufactured
by TSMC, indicate that one of the firm's goals for the new iPhone is for it to
be thinner than its predecessor.

* No headphone jack - Another rumour to surface is that the 3.5mm headphone jack
will be eliminated from the new handset - possibly as a consequence of the
thinner device.

* Waterproof handset - In a development that will make anyone who has ever
dropped their phone in the sink very happy, some analysts are hinting that the
iPhone 7 could feature waterproofed ports and seams. It's worth pointing out
that this was also a rumour about the iPhone 6 prior to its launch.

* Wireless charging - Information Week is reporting that wireless charging could
be a feature of the new device.

Are you keeping an eye out for a release date of the iPhone 7? Which of these
features would you most like to see?

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MBSP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             931 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Bury Free Press

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

Hoax iPhone 7 images hit the internet - but what can we expect from the next
iPhone?

LENGTH: 340  words


It's that time of year again - no, not Christmas - but time for internet cads to
fire up their copy of Photoshop and attempt to dupe Apple fans with images
claiming to be leaked photos of the next generation iPhone.

The latest images to do the rounds on social media purport to be the iPhone 7 -
due to come out in 2016 - and feature an iPhone 6, stretched comically to
accommodate a Blackberry-style QUERTY keyboard.

Many users on social media seemed to buy in to the hoax, although it was quickly
recognised as a joke by many others.

But what do we know about the iPhone 7?

Well as usual, no one outside of Apple or their supply chain knows very much for
certain. The organisation has kept the project under wraps, with no release date
confirmed for the device although there are rumours of an Autumn 2016 release.
Here are some of the other rumoured features:

* No home button - According to reports in Forbes the next generation iPhone is
likely to have an edge-to-edge display. Instead of using the home button, the
fingerprint scanner will be built in to the phone display.

* Thinner handset - In the same report, Forbes' Gordon Kelly indicates that a
number of factors, including Apple's rumoured choice of a processor manufactured
by TSMC, indicate that one of the firm's goals for the new iPhone is for it to
be thinner than its predecessor.

* No headphone jack - Another rumour to surface is that the 3.5mm headphone jack
will be eliminated from the new handset - possibly as a consequence of the
thinner device.

* Waterproof handset - In a development that will make anyone who has ever
dropped their phone in the sink very happy, some analysts are hinting that the
iPhone 7 could feature waterproofed ports and seams. It's worth pointing out
that this was also a rumour about the iPhone 6 prior to its launch.

* Wireless charging - Information Week is reporting that wireless charging could
be a feature of the new device.

Are you keeping an eye out for a release date of the iPhone 7? Which of these
features would you most like to see?

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MBFP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             932 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Diss Express

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

Hoax iPhone 7 images hit the internet - but what can we expect from the next
iPhone?

LENGTH: 340  words


It's that time of year again - no, not Christmas - but time for internet cads to
fire up their copy of Photoshop and attempt to dupe Apple fans with images
claiming to be leaked photos of the next generation iPhone.

The latest images to do the rounds on social media purport to be the iPhone 7 -
due to come out in 2016 - and feature an iPhone 6, stretched comically to
accommodate a Blackberry-style QUERTY keyboard.

Many users on social media seemed to buy in to the hoax, although it was quickly
recognised as a joke by many others.

But what do we know about the iPhone 7?

Well as usual, no one outside of Apple or their supply chain knows very much for
certain. The organisation has kept the project under wraps, with no release date
confirmed for the device although there are rumours of an Autumn 2016 release.
Here are some of the other rumoured features:

* No home button - According to reports in Forbes the next generation iPhone is
likely to have an edge-to-edge display. Instead of using the home button, the
fingerprint scanner will be built in to the phone display.

* Thinner handset - In the same report, Forbes' Gordon Kelly indicates that a
number of factors, including Apple's rumoured choice of a processor manufactured
by TSMC, indicate that one of the firm's goals for the new iPhone is for it to
be thinner than its predecessor.

* No headphone jack - Another rumour to surface is that the 3.5mm headphone jack
will be eliminated from the new handset - possibly as a consequence of the
thinner device.

* Waterproof handset - In a development that will make anyone who has ever
dropped their phone in the sink very happy, some analysts are hinting that the
iPhone 7 could feature waterproofed ports and seams. It's worth pointing out
that this was also a rumour about the iPhone 6 prior to its launch.

* Wireless charging - Information Week is reporting that wireless charging could
be a feature of the new device.

Are you keeping an eye out for a release date of the iPhone 7? Which of these
features would you most like to see?

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MDEP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             933 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Fenland Citizen

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

Hoax iPhone 7 images hit the internet - but what can we expect from the next
iPhone?

LENGTH: 340  words


It's that time of year again - no, not Christmas - but time for internet cads to
fire up their copy of Photoshop and attempt to dupe Apple fans with images
claiming to be leaked photos of the next generation iPhone.

The latest images to do the rounds on social media purport to be the iPhone 7 -
due to come out in 2016 - and feature an iPhone 6, stretched comically to
accommodate a Blackberry-style QUERTY keyboard.

Many users on social media seemed to buy in to the hoax, although it was quickly
recognised as a joke by many others.

But what do we know about the iPhone 7?

Well as usual, no one outside of Apple or their supply chain knows very much for
certain. The organisation has kept the project under wraps, with no release date
confirmed for the device although there are rumours of an Autumn 2016 release.
Here are some of the other rumoured features:

* No home button - According to reports in Forbes the next generation iPhone is
likely to have an edge-to-edge display. Instead of using the home button, the
fingerprint scanner will be built in to the phone display.

* Thinner handset - In the same report, Forbes' Gordon Kelly indicates that a
number of factors, including Apple's rumoured choice of a processor manufactured
by TSMC, indicate that one of the firm's goals for the new iPhone is for it to
be thinner than its predecessor.

* No headphone jack - Another rumour to surface is that the 3.5mm headphone jack
will be eliminated from the new handset - possibly as a consequence of the
thinner device.

* Waterproof handset - In a development that will make anyone who has ever
dropped their phone in the sink very happy, some analysts are hinting that the
iPhone 7 could feature waterproofed ports and seams. It's worth pointing out
that this was also a rumour about the iPhone 6 prior to its launch.

* Wireless charging - Information Week is reporting that wireless charging could
be a feature of the new device.

Are you keeping an eye out for a release date of the iPhone 7? Which of these
features would you most like to see?

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MFCP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             934 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Grantham Journal

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

Hoax iPhone 7 images hit the internet - but what can we expect from the next
iPhone?

LENGTH: 340  words


It's that time of year again - no, not Christmas - but time for internet cads to
fire up their copy of Photoshop and attempt to dupe Apple fans with images
claiming to be leaked photos of the next generation iPhone.

The latest images to do the rounds on social media purport to be the iPhone 7 -
due to come out in 2016 - and feature an iPhone 6, stretched comically to
accommodate a Blackberry-style QUERTY keyboard.

Many users on social media seemed to buy in to the hoax, although it was quickly
recognised as a joke by many others.

But what do we know about the iPhone 7?

Well as usual, no one outside of Apple or their supply chain knows very much for
certain. The organisation has kept the project under wraps, with no release date
confirmed for the device although there are rumours of an Autumn 2016 release.
Here are some of the other rumoured features:

* No home button - According to reports in Forbes the next generation iPhone is
likely to have an edge-to-edge display. Instead of using the home button, the
fingerprint scanner will be built in to the phone display.

* Thinner handset - In the same report, Forbes' Gordon Kelly indicates that a
number of factors, including Apple's rumoured choice of a processor manufactured
by TSMC, indicate that one of the firm's goals for the new iPhone is for it to
be thinner than its predecessor.

* No headphone jack - Another rumour to surface is that the 3.5mm headphone jack
will be eliminated from the new handset - possibly as a consequence of the
thinner device.

* Waterproof handset - In a development that will make anyone who has ever
dropped their phone in the sink very happy, some analysts are hinting that the
iPhone 7 could feature waterproofed ports and seams. It's worth pointing out
that this was also a rumour about the iPhone 6 prior to its launch.

* Wireless charging - Information Week is reporting that wireless charging could
be a feature of the new device.

Are you keeping an eye out for a release date of the iPhone 7? Which of these
features would you most like to see?

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MGJP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             935 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Haverhill Echo

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

Hoax iPhone 7 images hit the internet - but what can we expect from the next
iPhone?

LENGTH: 340  words


It's that time of year again - no, not Christmas - but time for internet cads to
fire up their copy of Photoshop and attempt to dupe Apple fans with images
claiming to be leaked photos of the next generation iPhone.

The latest images to do the rounds on social media purport to be the iPhone 7 -
due to come out in 2016 - and feature an iPhone 6, stretched comically to
accommodate a Blackberry-style QUERTY keyboard.

Many users on social media seemed to buy in to the hoax, although it was quickly
recognised as a joke by many others.

But what do we know about the iPhone 7?

Well as usual, no one outside of Apple or their supply chain knows very much for
certain. The organisation has kept the project under wraps, with no release date
confirmed for the device although there are rumours of an Autumn 2016 release.
Here are some of the other rumoured features:

* No home button - According to reports in Forbes the next generation iPhone is
likely to have an edge-to-edge display. Instead of using the home button, the
fingerprint scanner will be built in to the phone display.

* Thinner handset - In the same report, Forbes' Gordon Kelly indicates that a
number of factors, including Apple's rumoured choice of a processor manufactured
by TSMC, indicate that one of the firm's goals for the new iPhone is for it to
be thinner than its predecessor.

* No headphone jack - Another rumour to surface is that the 3.5mm headphone jack
will be eliminated from the new handset - possibly as a consequence of the
thinner device.

* Waterproof handset - In a development that will make anyone who has ever
dropped their phone in the sink very happy, some analysts are hinting that the
iPhone 7 could feature waterproofed ports and seams. It's worth pointing out
that this was also a rumour about the iPhone 6 prior to its launch.

* Wireless charging - Information Week is reporting that wireless charging could
be a feature of the new device.

Are you keeping an eye out for a release date of the iPhone 7? Which of these
features would you most like to see?

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MHEP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             936 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Horncastle News

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

Hoax iPhone 7 images hit the internet - but what can we expect from the next
iPhone?

LENGTH: 340  words


It's that time of year again - no, not Christmas - but time for internet cads to
fire up their copy of Photoshop and attempt to dupe Apple fans with images
claiming to be leaked photos of the next generation iPhone.

The latest images to do the rounds on social media purport to be the iPhone 7 -
due to come out in 2016 - and feature an iPhone 6, stretched comically to
accommodate a Blackberry-style QUERTY keyboard.

Many users on social media seemed to buy in to the hoax, although it was quickly
recognised as a joke by many others.

But what do we know about the iPhone 7?

Well as usual, no one outside of Apple or their supply chain knows very much for
certain. The organisation has kept the project under wraps, with no release date
confirmed for the device although there are rumours of an Autumn 2016 release.
Here are some of the other rumoured features:

* No home button - According to reports in Forbes the next generation iPhone is
likely to have an edge-to-edge display. Instead of using the home button, the
fingerprint scanner will be built in to the phone display.

* Thinner handset - In the same report, Forbes' Gordon Kelly indicates that a
number of factors, including Apple's rumoured choice of a processor manufactured
by TSMC, indicate that one of the firm's goals for the new iPhone is for it to
be thinner than its predecessor.

* No headphone jack - Another rumour to surface is that the 3.5mm headphone jack
will be eliminated from the new handset - possibly as a consequence of the
thinner device.

* Waterproof handset - In a development that will make anyone who has ever
dropped their phone in the sink very happy, some analysts are hinting that the
iPhone 7 could feature waterproofed ports and seams. It's worth pointing out
that this was also a rumour about the iPhone 6 prior to its launch.

* Wireless charging - Information Week is reporting that wireless charging could
be a feature of the new device.

Are you keeping an eye out for a release date of the iPhone 7? Which of these
features would you most like to see?

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MHNP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             937 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Louth Leader

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

Hoax iPhone 7 images hit the internet - but what can we expect from the next
iPhone?

LENGTH: 340  words


It's that time of year again - no, not Christmas - but time for internet cads to
fire up their copy of Photoshop and attempt to dupe Apple fans with images
claiming to be leaked photos of the next generation iPhone.

The latest images to do the rounds on social media purport to be the iPhone 7 -
due to come out in 2016 - and feature an iPhone 6, stretched comically to
accommodate a Blackberry-style QUERTY keyboard.

Many users on social media seemed to buy in to the hoax, although it was quickly
recognised as a joke by many others.

But what do we know about the iPhone 7?

Well as usual, no one outside of Apple or their supply chain knows very much for
certain. The organisation has kept the project under wraps, with no release date
confirmed for the device although there are rumours of an Autumn 2016 release.
Here are some of the other rumoured features:

* No home button - According to reports in Forbes the next generation iPhone is
likely to have an edge-to-edge display. Instead of using the home button, the
fingerprint scanner will be built in to the phone display.

* Thinner handset - In the same report, Forbes' Gordon Kelly indicates that a
number of factors, including Apple's rumoured choice of a processor manufactured
by TSMC, indicate that one of the firm's goals for the new iPhone is for it to
be thinner than its predecessor.

* No headphone jack - Another rumour to surface is that the 3.5mm headphone jack
will be eliminated from the new handset - possibly as a consequence of the
thinner device.

* Waterproof handset - In a development that will make anyone who has ever
dropped their phone in the sink very happy, some analysts are hinting that the
iPhone 7 could feature waterproofed ports and seams. It's worth pointing out
that this was also a rumour about the iPhone 6 prior to its launch.

* Wireless charging - Information Week is reporting that wireless charging could
be a feature of the new device.

Are you keeping an eye out for a release date of the iPhone 7? Which of these
features would you most like to see?

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MLOP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             938 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   Lynn News

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

Hoax iPhone 7 images hit the internet - but what can we expect from the next
iPhone?

LENGTH: 340  words


It's that time of year again - no, not Christmas - but time for internet cads to
fire up their copy of Photoshop and attempt to dupe Apple fans with images
claiming to be leaked photos of the next generation iPhone.

The latest images to do the rounds on social media purport to be the iPhone 7 -
due to come out in 2016 - and feature an iPhone 6, stretched comically to
accommodate a Blackberry-style QUERTY keyboard.

Many users on social media seemed to buy in to the hoax, although it was quickly
recognised as a joke by many others.

But what do we know about the iPhone 7?

Well as usual, no one outside of Apple or their supply chain knows very much for
certain. The organisation has kept the project under wraps, with no release date
confirmed for the device although there are rumours of an Autumn 2016 release.
Here are some of the other rumoured features:

* No home button - According to reports in Forbes the next generation iPhone is
likely to have an edge-to-edge display. Instead of using the home button, the
fingerprint scanner will be built in to the phone display.

* Thinner handset - In the same report, Forbes' Gordon Kelly indicates that a
number of factors, including Apple's rumoured choice of a processor manufactured
by TSMC, indicate that one of the firm's goals for the new iPhone is for it to
be thinner than its predecessor.

* No headphone jack - Another rumour to surface is that the 3.5mm headphone jack
will be eliminated from the new handset - possibly as a consequence of the
thinner device.

* Waterproof handset - In a development that will make anyone who has ever
dropped their phone in the sink very happy, some analysts are hinting that the
iPhone 7 could feature waterproofed ports and seams. It's worth pointing out
that this was also a rumour about the iPhone 6 prior to its launch.

* Wireless charging - Information Week is reporting that wireless charging could
be a feature of the new device.

Are you keeping an eye out for a release date of the iPhone 7? Which of these
features would you most like to see?

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MLNF


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             939 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Market Rasen Mail

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

Hoax iPhone 7 images hit the internet - but what can we expect from the next
iPhone?

LENGTH: 340  words


It's that time of year again - no, not Christmas - but time for internet cads to
fire up their copy of Photoshop and attempt to dupe Apple fans with images
claiming to be leaked photos of the next generation iPhone.

The latest images to do the rounds on social media purport to be the iPhone 7 -
due to come out in 2016 - and feature an iPhone 6, stretched comically to
accommodate a Blackberry-style QUERTY keyboard.

Many users on social media seemed to buy in to the hoax, although it was quickly
recognised as a joke by many others.

But what do we know about the iPhone 7?

Well as usual, no one outside of Apple or their supply chain knows very much for
certain. The organisation has kept the project under wraps, with no release date
confirmed for the device although there are rumours of an Autumn 2016 release.
Here are some of the other rumoured features:

* No home button - According to reports in Forbes the next generation iPhone is
likely to have an edge-to-edge display. Instead of using the home button, the
fingerprint scanner will be built in to the phone display.

* Thinner handset - In the same report, Forbes' Gordon Kelly indicates that a
number of factors, including Apple's rumoured choice of a processor manufactured
by TSMC, indicate that one of the firm's goals for the new iPhone is for it to
be thinner than its predecessor.

* No headphone jack - Another rumour to surface is that the 3.5mm headphone jack
will be eliminated from the new handset - possibly as a consequence of the
thinner device.

* Waterproof handset - In a development that will make anyone who has ever
dropped their phone in the sink very happy, some analysts are hinting that the
iPhone 7 could feature waterproofed ports and seams. It's worth pointing out
that this was also a rumour about the iPhone 6 prior to its launch.

* Wireless charging - Information Week is reporting that wireless charging could
be a feature of the new device.

Are you keeping an eye out for a release date of the iPhone 7? Which of these
features would you most like to see?

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MMRP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             940 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Melton Times

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

Hoax iPhone 7 images hit the internet - but what can we expect from the next
iPhone?

LENGTH: 340  words


It's that time of year again - no, not Christmas - but time for internet cads to
fire up their copy of Photoshop and attempt to dupe Apple fans with images
claiming to be leaked photos of the next generation iPhone.

The latest images to do the rounds on social media purport to be the iPhone 7 -
due to come out in 2016 - and feature an iPhone 6, stretched comically to
accommodate a Blackberry-style QUERTY keyboard.

Many users on social media seemed to buy in to the hoax, although it was quickly
recognised as a joke by many others.

But what do we know about the iPhone 7?

Well as usual, no one outside of Apple or their supply chain knows very much for
certain. The organisation has kept the project under wraps, with no release date
confirmed for the device although there are rumours of an Autumn 2016 release.
Here are some of the other rumoured features:

* No home button - According to reports in Forbes the next generation iPhone is
likely to have an edge-to-edge display. Instead of using the home button, the
fingerprint scanner will be built in to the phone display.

* Thinner handset - In the same report, Forbes' Gordon Kelly indicates that a
number of factors, including Apple's rumoured choice of a processor manufactured
by TSMC, indicate that one of the firm's goals for the new iPhone is for it to
be thinner than its predecessor.

* No headphone jack - Another rumour to surface is that the 3.5mm headphone jack
will be eliminated from the new handset - possibly as a consequence of the
thinner device.

* Waterproof handset - In a development that will make anyone who has ever
dropped their phone in the sink very happy, some analysts are hinting that the
iPhone 7 could feature waterproofed ports and seams. It's worth pointing out
that this was also a rumour about the iPhone 6 prior to its launch.

* Wireless charging - Information Week is reporting that wireless charging could
be a feature of the new device.

Are you keeping an eye out for a release date of the iPhone 7? Which of these
features would you most like to see?

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MMTP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             941 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Newmarket Journal

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

Hoax iPhone 7 images hit the internet - but what can we expect from the next
iPhone?

LENGTH: 340  words


It's that time of year again - no, not Christmas - but time for internet cads to
fire up their copy of Photoshop and attempt to dupe Apple fans with images
claiming to be leaked photos of the next generation iPhone.

The latest images to do the rounds on social media purport to be the iPhone 7 -
due to come out in 2016 - and feature an iPhone 6, stretched comically to
accommodate a Blackberry-style QUERTY keyboard.

Many users on social media seemed to buy in to the hoax, although it was quickly
recognised as a joke by many others.

But what do we know about the iPhone 7?

Well as usual, no one outside of Apple or their supply chain knows very much for
certain. The organisation has kept the project under wraps, with no release date
confirmed for the device although there are rumours of an Autumn 2016 release.
Here are some of the other rumoured features:

* No home button - According to reports in Forbes the next generation iPhone is
likely to have an edge-to-edge display. Instead of using the home button, the
fingerprint scanner will be built in to the phone display.

* Thinner handset - In the same report, Forbes' Gordon Kelly indicates that a
number of factors, including Apple's rumoured choice of a processor manufactured
by TSMC, indicate that one of the firm's goals for the new iPhone is for it to
be thinner than its predecessor.

* No headphone jack - Another rumour to surface is that the 3.5mm headphone jack
will be eliminated from the new handset - possibly as a consequence of the
thinner device.

* Waterproof handset - In a development that will make anyone who has ever
dropped their phone in the sink very happy, some analysts are hinting that the
iPhone 7 could feature waterproofed ports and seams. It's worth pointing out
that this was also a rumour about the iPhone 6 prior to its launch.

* Wireless charging - Information Week is reporting that wireless charging could
be a feature of the new device.

Are you keeping an eye out for a release date of the iPhone 7? Which of these
features would you most like to see?

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MNJP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             942 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Peterborough Today

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

Hoax iPhone 7 images hit the internet - but what can we expect from the next
iPhone?

LENGTH: 340  words


It's that time of year again - no, not Christmas - but time for internet cads to
fire up their copy of Photoshop and attempt to dupe Apple fans with images
claiming to be leaked photos of the next generation iPhone.

The latest images to do the rounds on social media purport to be the iPhone 7 -
due to come out in 2016 - and feature an iPhone 6, stretched comically to
accommodate a Blackberry-style QUERTY keyboard.

Many users on social media seemed to buy in to the hoax, although it was quickly
recognised as a joke by many others.

But what do we know about the iPhone 7?

Well as usual, no one outside of Apple or their supply chain knows very much for
certain. The organisation has kept the project under wraps, with no release date
confirmed for the device although there are rumours of an Autumn 2016 release.
Here are some of the other rumoured features:

* No home button - According to reports in Forbes the next generation iPhone is
likely to have an edge-to-edge display. Instead of using the home button, the
fingerprint scanner will be built in to the phone display.

* Thinner handset - In the same report, Forbes' Gordon Kelly indicates that a
number of factors, including Apple's rumoured choice of a processor manufactured
by TSMC, indicate that one of the firm's goals for the new iPhone is for it to
be thinner than its predecessor.

* No headphone jack - Another rumour to surface is that the 3.5mm headphone jack
will be eliminated from the new handset - possibly as a consequence of the
thinner device.

* Waterproof handset - In a development that will make anyone who has ever
dropped their phone in the sink very happy, some analysts are hinting that the
iPhone 7 could feature waterproofed ports and seams. It's worth pointing out
that this was also a rumour about the iPhone 6 prior to its launch.

* Wireless charging - Information Week is reporting that wireless charging could
be a feature of the new device.

Are you keeping an eye out for a release date of the iPhone 7? Which of these
features would you most like to see?

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: METP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             943 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Rutland Times

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

Hoax iPhone 7 images hit the internet - but what can we expect from the next
iPhone?

LENGTH: 340  words


It's that time of year again - no, not Christmas - but time for internet cads to
fire up their copy of Photoshop and attempt to dupe Apple fans with images
claiming to be leaked photos of the next generation iPhone.

The latest images to do the rounds on social media purport to be the iPhone 7 -
due to come out in 2016 - and feature an iPhone 6, stretched comically to
accommodate a Blackberry-style QUERTY keyboard.

Many users on social media seemed to buy in to the hoax, although it was quickly
recognised as a joke by many others.

But what do we know about the iPhone 7?

Well as usual, no one outside of Apple or their supply chain knows very much for
certain. The organisation has kept the project under wraps, with no release date
confirmed for the device although there are rumours of an Autumn 2016 release.
Here are some of the other rumoured features:

* No home button - According to reports in Forbes the next generation iPhone is
likely to have an edge-to-edge display. Instead of using the home button, the
fingerprint scanner will be built in to the phone display.

* Thinner handset - In the same report, Forbes' Gordon Kelly indicates that a
number of factors, including Apple's rumoured choice of a processor manufactured
by TSMC, indicate that one of the firm's goals for the new iPhone is for it to
be thinner than its predecessor.

* No headphone jack - Another rumour to surface is that the 3.5mm headphone jack
will be eliminated from the new handset - possibly as a consequence of the
thinner device.

* Waterproof handset - In a development that will make anyone who has ever
dropped their phone in the sink very happy, some analysts are hinting that the
iPhone 7 could feature waterproofed ports and seams. It's worth pointing out
that this was also a rumour about the iPhone 6 prior to its launch.

* Wireless charging - Information Week is reporting that wireless charging could
be a feature of the new device.

Are you keeping an eye out for a release date of the iPhone 7? Which of these
features would you most like to see?

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MRUT


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             944 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Skegness Standard

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

Hoax iPhone 7 images hit the internet - but what can we expect from the next
iPhone?

LENGTH: 340  words


It's that time of year again - no, not Christmas - but time for internet cads to
fire up their copy of Photoshop and attempt to dupe Apple fans with images
claiming to be leaked photos of the next generation iPhone.

The latest images to do the rounds on social media purport to be the iPhone 7 -
due to come out in 2016 - and feature an iPhone 6, stretched comically to
accommodate a Blackberry-style QUERTY keyboard.

Many users on social media seemed to buy in to the hoax, although it was quickly
recognised as a joke by many others.

But what do we know about the iPhone 7?

Well as usual, no one outside of Apple or their supply chain knows very much for
certain. The organisation has kept the project under wraps, with no release date
confirmed for the device although there are rumours of an Autumn 2016 release.
Here are some of the other rumoured features:

* No home button - According to reports in Forbes the next generation iPhone is
likely to have an edge-to-edge display. Instead of using the home button, the
fingerprint scanner will be built in to the phone display.

* Thinner handset - In the same report, Forbes' Gordon Kelly indicates that a
number of factors, including Apple's rumoured choice of a processor manufactured
by TSMC, indicate that one of the firm's goals for the new iPhone is for it to
be thinner than its predecessor.

* No headphone jack - Another rumour to surface is that the 3.5mm headphone jack
will be eliminated from the new handset - possibly as a consequence of the
thinner device.

* Waterproof handset - In a development that will make anyone who has ever
dropped their phone in the sink very happy, some analysts are hinting that the
iPhone 7 could feature waterproofed ports and seams. It's worth pointing out
that this was also a rumour about the iPhone 6 prior to its launch.

* Wireless charging - Information Week is reporting that wireless charging could
be a feature of the new device.

Are you keeping an eye out for a release date of the iPhone 7? Which of these
features would you most like to see?

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MSKP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             945 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Sleaford Standard

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

Hoax iPhone 7 images hit the internet - but what can we expect from the next
iPhone?

LENGTH: 340  words


It's that time of year again - no, not Christmas - but time for internet cads to
fire up their copy of Photoshop and attempt to dupe Apple fans with images
claiming to be leaked photos of the next generation iPhone.

The latest images to do the rounds on social media purport to be the iPhone 7 -
due to come out in 2016 - and feature an iPhone 6, stretched comically to
accommodate a Blackberry-style QUERTY keyboard.

Many users on social media seemed to buy in to the hoax, although it was quickly
recognised as a joke by many others.

But what do we know about the iPhone 7?

Well as usual, no one outside of Apple or their supply chain knows very much for
certain. The organisation has kept the project under wraps, with no release date
confirmed for the device although there are rumours of an Autumn 2016 release.
Here are some of the other rumoured features:

* No home button - According to reports in Forbes the next generation iPhone is
likely to have an edge-to-edge display. Instead of using the home button, the
fingerprint scanner will be built in to the phone display.

* Thinner handset - In the same report, Forbes' Gordon Kelly indicates that a
number of factors, including Apple's rumoured choice of a processor manufactured
by TSMC, indicate that one of the firm's goals for the new iPhone is for it to
be thinner than its predecessor.

* No headphone jack - Another rumour to surface is that the 3.5mm headphone jack
will be eliminated from the new handset - possibly as a consequence of the
thinner device.

* Waterproof handset - In a development that will make anyone who has ever
dropped their phone in the sink very happy, some analysts are hinting that the
iPhone 7 could feature waterproofed ports and seams. It's worth pointing out
that this was also a rumour about the iPhone 6 prior to its launch.

* Wireless charging - Information Week is reporting that wireless charging could
be a feature of the new device.

Are you keeping an eye out for a release date of the iPhone 7? Which of these
features would you most like to see?

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MSSP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             946 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Spalding Guardian

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

Hoax iPhone 7 images hit the internet - but what can we expect from the next
iPhone?

LENGTH: 340  words


It's that time of year again - no, not Christmas - but time for internet cads to
fire up their copy of Photoshop and attempt to dupe Apple fans with images
claiming to be leaked photos of the next generation iPhone.

The latest images to do the rounds on social media purport to be the iPhone 7 -
due to come out in 2016 - and feature an iPhone 6, stretched comically to
accommodate a Blackberry-style QUERTY keyboard.

Many users on social media seemed to buy in to the hoax, although it was quickly
recognised as a joke by many others.

But what do we know about the iPhone 7?

Well as usual, no one outside of Apple or their supply chain knows very much for
certain. The organisation has kept the project under wraps, with no release date
confirmed for the device although there are rumours of an Autumn 2016 release.
Here are some of the other rumoured features:

* No home button - According to reports in Forbes the next generation iPhone is
likely to have an edge-to-edge display. Instead of using the home button, the
fingerprint scanner will be built in to the phone display.

* Thinner handset - In the same report, Forbes' Gordon Kelly indicates that a
number of factors, including Apple's rumoured choice of a processor manufactured
by TSMC, indicate that one of the firm's goals for the new iPhone is for it to
be thinner than its predecessor.

* No headphone jack - Another rumour to surface is that the 3.5mm headphone jack
will be eliminated from the new handset - possibly as a consequence of the
thinner device.

* Waterproof handset - In a development that will make anyone who has ever
dropped their phone in the sink very happy, some analysts are hinting that the
iPhone 7 could feature waterproofed ports and seams. It's worth pointing out
that this was also a rumour about the iPhone 6 prior to its launch.

* Wireless charging - Information Week is reporting that wireless charging could
be a feature of the new device.

Are you keeping an eye out for a release date of the iPhone 7? Which of these
features would you most like to see?

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MSGP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             947 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Stamford Mercury

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

Hoax iPhone 7 images hit the internet - but what can we expect from the next
iPhone?

LENGTH: 340  words


It's that time of year again - no, not Christmas - but time for internet cads to
fire up their copy of Photoshop and attempt to dupe Apple fans with images
claiming to be leaked photos of the next generation iPhone.

The latest images to do the rounds on social media purport to be the iPhone 7 -
due to come out in 2016 - and feature an iPhone 6, stretched comically to
accommodate a Blackberry-style QUERTY keyboard.

Many users on social media seemed to buy in to the hoax, although it was quickly
recognised as a joke by many others.

But what do we know about the iPhone 7?

Well as usual, no one outside of Apple or their supply chain knows very much for
certain. The organisation has kept the project under wraps, with no release date
confirmed for the device although there are rumours of an Autumn 2016 release.
Here are some of the other rumoured features:

* No home button - According to reports in Forbes the next generation iPhone is
likely to have an edge-to-edge display. Instead of using the home button, the
fingerprint scanner will be built in to the phone display.

* Thinner handset - In the same report, Forbes' Gordon Kelly indicates that a
number of factors, including Apple's rumoured choice of a processor manufactured
by TSMC, indicate that one of the firm's goals for the new iPhone is for it to
be thinner than its predecessor.

* No headphone jack - Another rumour to surface is that the 3.5mm headphone jack
will be eliminated from the new handset - possibly as a consequence of the
thinner device.

* Waterproof handset - In a development that will make anyone who has ever
dropped their phone in the sink very happy, some analysts are hinting that the
iPhone 7 could feature waterproofed ports and seams. It's worth pointing out
that this was also a rumour about the iPhone 6 prior to its launch.

* Wireless charging - Information Week is reporting that wireless charging could
be a feature of the new device.

Are you keeping an eye out for a release date of the iPhone 7? Which of these
features would you most like to see?

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MSMP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             948 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Suffolk Free Press

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

Hoax iPhone 7 images hit the internet - but what can we expect from the next
iPhone?

LENGTH: 340  words


It's that time of year again - no, not Christmas - but time for internet cads to
fire up their copy of Photoshop and attempt to dupe Apple fans with images
claiming to be leaked photos of the next generation iPhone.

The latest images to do the rounds on social media purport to be the iPhone 7 -
due to come out in 2016 - and feature an iPhone 6, stretched comically to
accommodate a Blackberry-style QUERTY keyboard.

Many users on social media seemed to buy in to the hoax, although it was quickly
recognised as a joke by many others.

But what do we know about the iPhone 7?

Well as usual, no one outside of Apple or their supply chain knows very much for
certain. The organisation has kept the project under wraps, with no release date
confirmed for the device although there are rumours of an Autumn 2016 release.
Here are some of the other rumoured features:

* No home button - According to reports in Forbes the next generation iPhone is
likely to have an edge-to-edge display. Instead of using the home button, the
fingerprint scanner will be built in to the phone display.

* Thinner handset - In the same report, Forbes' Gordon Kelly indicates that a
number of factors, including Apple's rumoured choice of a processor manufactured
by TSMC, indicate that one of the firm's goals for the new iPhone is for it to
be thinner than its predecessor.

* No headphone jack - Another rumour to surface is that the 3.5mm headphone jack
will be eliminated from the new handset - possibly as a consequence of the
thinner device.

* Waterproof handset - In a development that will make anyone who has ever
dropped their phone in the sink very happy, some analysts are hinting that the
iPhone 7 could feature waterproofed ports and seams. It's worth pointing out
that this was also a rumour about the iPhone 6 prior to its launch.

* Wireless charging - Information Week is reporting that wireless charging could
be a feature of the new device.

Are you keeping an eye out for a release date of the iPhone 7? Which of these
features would you most like to see?

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MSFP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             949 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday
                                Kolkata Edition

Bookings for iPhone 7, Plus Surge 50%

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: COMPANIES: PURSUIT OF PROFIT

LENGTH: 491 words


Advance bookings for the Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have already surged 50% at
retail stores in India compared with the run up to the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus
launch last year, industry executives said.They cited the models' innovative
features and a delay in the local launch of competitor Samsung's Galaxy Note 7
for the surge in bookings.

These booking are happening even before Apple officially starts taking orders on
October 1. The Cupertino, California-based company is trying to double its
launch inventory in India to meet higher demand and make the most of the Note 7
debacle -Samsung recalled the model worldwide after incidents of its battery
catching fire.

Samsung is, meanwhile, expediting the launch of the new Note 7, which may hit
the Indian market around September 28-30. India is one of the first countries to
receive the rectified device, in an attempt by the Korean major to be ahead of
the new iPhone launch on October 7.

Samsung has announced the re-launch of the new Note 7 in Korea on September 28.
The company has plans to start a consumer trust campaign to highlight the safety
of the Note 7 in India, the executives said.

\x93The delay in Note 7 launch is a major setback for Samsung, but the
Apple-Samsung war is far from over this festive season. The Apple India team
wants to go all out and make the most of the scenario, while Samsung wants to
ensure relaunch of the Note 7 a few days in advance to the new iPhones,\x93 one
of the executives said.

Trade officials said despite the fact that there has been mi

nimal cancellation for pre-booked Note 7 devices in India, fresh enquiries have
nosedived, so the company is contemplating a campaign.

Meanwhile, Samsung India's plea to the Directorate General of Civil Aviation
(DGCA) to lift a ban on the use the Note 7 on flights has been turned down.India
is among several countries that put restrictions on the use of the phone on
flights citing potential fire hazard.

\x93Samsung's plea was on back of the logic that it had still not launched the
device in India.But DGCA has informed that it will follow the directive of (US
regulator) Federal Aviation

Administration. In addition, it would also want a written-declaration on the
safety of the devices in India,\x93 said an official.

While Apple India declined to comment, an email sent to Samsung India did not
elicit any response until press time on Monday. Apple is trying to or

ganise adequate stock of the new iPhones with jet-black colour which received
maximum advance bookings and enquiries.

The highest demand is for the 32 GB variant of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in
jet black colour.

The iPhone 7 is priced

. 60,000-80,000, while the iPho' ne 7 Plus costs '. 72,000-92,000.

\x93Among the two, iPhone 7 demand is higher since Indian consumers find the
size and price more appealing. While Apple is globally facing a shortage of the
jet black colour, the India team is trying to build adequate supplies,\x93 one
of them said.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             950 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           November 2, 2016 Wednesday

Chinese demand for iPhone 7 slowing in 2017: UBS report

BYLINE: Liu Zheng

LENGTH: 378  words


Apple Inc's largest overseas market is exhibiting signs of softness in fiscal
year 2017, and customers are showing lower interest in the 7 series than the
previous generations of iPhones, according to CNBC reports on Tuesday, citing
notes from UBS analyst.

A customer tries out an iPhone 7 smartphone at an Apple Store in Qingdao,
Shandong province, Sept 162016. [Photo/IC]

Apple Inc's largest overseas market is exhibiting signs of softness in fiscal
year 2017, and customers are showing lower interest in the 7 series than the
previous generations of iPhones, according to CNBC reports on Tuesday, citing
notes from UBS analyst.

Based on the financial service provider's latest Evidence Lab Global Smartphone
Survey of almost 6,500 consumers, Steven Milunovich, an industrial analyst of
UBS AG told investors that Chinese interest in the iPhone 7 is waning.

IPhone 7, 7 Plus are introduced on Sept 8, 2016 at Apple's products launch event
held in San Francisco, California. [Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

According to the report, Milunovich reiterated its buy rating on Apple shares
due to its attractive valuation and strength in US demand.

He also reckoned that global smartphone penetration of 60 percent and high
aspirations in the US and China mean that Apple could win new customers, and
although Samsung's retention rate has improved, 30 percent of its customers were
at least somewhat less likely to go with Samsung.

Competition for the iPhone in China tends to come from lower price domestic
brands with localized android and improved features.

According to research firm Counterpoint Technology Market Research, the market
share of iPhones in China slipped to 8.4 percent, lagging behind local vendors
Huawei, Oppo and Vivo, which have won over customers with similar features at
lower prices.

"The iPhone 7 series should help Apple regain lost (Chinese) market share as
demand is tracking better than for the iPhone 6s series," said Counterpoint
analyst Neil Shah. "(But) Apple needs to offer something cutting-edge to appeal
to maturing Chinese smartphone users who are warming to local brands."

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/23/147807793927.jpg

f8bc126d980d1983a48a03.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/68/147807794255.jpg

f8bc126d980d1983a45802.jpg

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             951 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Timaru Herald (New Zealand)

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

A speedy evolution of the iPhone

SECTION: FEATURES; NATIONAL; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 874 words


The iPhone 7 appears boring but it's a serious update on a winning formula,
writes Henry Cooke.

--------------------

Prices iPhone 7

32GB: NZ$1199

128GB: NZ$1399

256GB: NZ$1599

iPhone 7S Plus

32GB: NZ$1429

128GB: NZ$1629

256GB: NZ$1829

--------------------

Apple's iPhone 7, which comes out on Friday in New Zealand, looks almost exactly
like an iPhone 6 or 6S.

It can't really do anything that those older phones can't. In fact, those older
phones can do something the news ones can't: connect to regular headphones
without an adaptor.

Yet after almost a week with both the 7 and the 7 Plus I'd happily recommend
them over the 6S for people who like iPhones.

These are both outstanding devices that improve on and underline what many
people love about other iPhones - the ease of use, the simplicity, the quality
of the apps, the excellent camera - and they are worth the difference in price
when compared to older models.

Look and feel

The iPhone 7 is not identical to the 6, but they aren't hard to confuse. You
basically get a very thin and very rounded aluminium pebble, with a screen
taking up most of one side.

Things do look a little different: the camera bump is softer, the plastic
antenna bands are gone from the back (they are tiny and on the side now), and
there are two new colour options: black and jet black.

The main change to the feel of the phone comes in the home button - which isn't
actually a button any more. It's a solid state contraption that doesn't actually
move when you press it, instead giving a short vibration that feels like you've
pressed it. That said, don't be scared off in the store: you do get used to it.

Also, the iPhone 7 isn't waterproof, technically, but it should survive a quick
dip (the specification says it should survive 30 minutes in water up to 1m
deep.)

The camera

I take photos on my phone like other people breathe. The new iPhones haven't
suddenly made all my photos perfect. But they are a lot better - particularly on
the iPhone 7 Plus, where a new second camera allows you to zoom in on things
with no loss of quality.

This optical 2x zoom (as opposed to digital zoom, where you are artificially
attempting to enhance a photo) is a dream to use. You tap a small button and the
view suddenly jumps to a telephoto view - the equivalent of a 56mm lens on an
old 35mm camera if you're a photography nerd. This makes for a much more tight
composition, allowing you to control what is and isn't in your photo to a much
greater degree, eliminating extraneous detail or the head of the person in front
of you. The camera on both phones is also notably improved in terms of sharpness
(that new f1.8 lens helps) and low-light performance.

Performance

This thing goes. Apps and folders of apps appear to open immediately, while I
was used to a teensy lag on my 6S. None of the apps I've tried have done that
annoying autoclose thing iPhones do instead of freezing.

Seriously: performance wise this feels like a more notable bump than any other
iPhone upgrade. Apple has said both phones are 40 per cent faster than the 6S
Plus and twice as fast as the 6.

Battery

Apple says their new fusion core processor should deliver 12 hours of internet
use for the regular 7 (two more than last time) and 13 for the 7 Plus (one
more). This is a pretty good improvement but it is clearly not game changing.
You're still going to need to charge it every day, and you're still going to get
a bit worried if you want to go out after work and keep using your phone
heavily.

A note on headphones

I understand why Apple opted to get rid of the headphone port, as I'm sure
you've read about. But it's pretty annoying, and the wireless headphones that
are coming out in October are some of my least favourite products Apple has put
out.

To recap: Apple still ship wired headphones in the box of the iPhone, ones that
look and sound like the old ones, but they plug into your lightning (charging)
port instead. I have used these out and about and they are absolutely fine. The
"AirPods", which are wireless, ship in October and will cost $269. At this point
they are definitely not something I would recommend.

Not a boring phone

So should you buy one? If you're sitting pretty on an iPhone 5S or below, or
thinking about switching over from Android, I would heartily recommend the 7 -
probably the 7 Plus, for that camera.

If you're on a 6 or 6S and don't find yourself actively frustrated with your
phone's speed or camera, you're probably okay. If you do quite like using your
phone as a camera, that second lens really is something of a gamechanger. And as
ever - if you're into Android, this phone probably won't change your mind,
although that performance is something to behold.

This is not as boring of an update as it may have looked last week. The speed
and camera improvements are intense and exciting, even if the headphone thing is
frustrating to many of us. This is, in my eyes, the best phone for most people,
one that can gives you essentially superhuman powers of recollection and
organisation that were impossible just a decade ago.

It's just that we don't find that interesting any more.

--------------------

CAPTION:

The iPhone 7, shown here in jet black. The phone is designed to survive 30
minutes in water up to 1m deep

Picture: REUTERS

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             952 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

Delhi's tech crazy flock to Gaffar Market to bargain for iPhone 7

BYLINE: Niharika Lal

SECTION: DELHI

LENGTH: 742 words


For some Delhiites, the point of having an iPhone is that they get to flaunt it.
And if it is the latest version of the phone, that has not even been launched in
the country yet, even better! After all, it's not really exclusive if everyone
can buy it, right? So if you are feeling jealous when acquaintances flaunt their
very special iPhones, that their 'phoren wale chacha/mama/bhaiyya' got them,
don't worry, you can get one too!

If you are ready to pay a few extra bucks and access the black market, you can
probably get the phone in Delhi's Gaffar Market or Palika Bazar, where smuggled
iPhone 7s and 7+s are being sold. On Saturday, custom officials seized 75 iPhone
7s and 7+ worth Rs 46.39 lakh at the IGI airport. A few days ago, another
consignment of 26 iPhone 7s and seven iPhone 7+ was seized. In both the cases,
the phones were being smuggled from Hong Kong, where they were launched
recently. "He (the smuggler) told us that he had planned to sell the phones in
Delhi at high prices before the official launch.We are keeping a tight vigil to
prevent black marketing of these items," a senior police official was reported
as saying after the first case. Last year also, many consignments of iPhone 6
were seized at the airport before the official launch in India.Want an iPhone 7?
head over to Gaffar MarketWhile the official launch date for the iPhone 7 in
India is October 7, DT visited Gaffar Market to see if the phone is actually
available in the black market. Turns out, if you don't ask where the phone came
from or about authenticity and warranty, the iPhone7 is yours for the taking.
Even the smallest shop in Gaffar Market can provide you with the phone if you
can get the dealer to trust you. The sellers in the market told us that they
have been getting queries about the latest iPhone for a month, but they have
started accepting orders after its US launch. A seller in Gaffar Market told us,
"Within 24 hours of the US launch, we had received more than 10 bookings. Ab tak
toh kaafi bookings aa gayi hain."We have to be alert, just in case the customer
turns out to be a cop: SellersPolice officials tell us that to conduct a raid on
those selling smuggled iPhones, they need someone to file a complaint. Unless
they receive any complaints, they can't take action. A seller tells us that they
don't divulge any details to customers over the phone, in case it turns out to
be a cop posing as a customer. When we told sellers that we were looking to buy
an iPhone7 and asked about its availability, they responded with a number a
questions of their own. One seller told us the reason behind the queries - "We
have to be alert. What if the customer turns out to be a cop?" A seller told us,
"The demand for the new iPhone is 50% higher than last year, during the iPhone 6
launch, and the jet black colour is the most popular. We are trying to get these
phones before the official launch." Another seller said, "I had promised the
phones to some of my clients by September 20. But I couldn't deliver because of
some unavoidable issue. We are hoping to make it available soon."Who says iPhone
rates can't be negotiated?How much the phone will cost you in the black market
will depend on the dealer and your negotiation skills. We were told that they
are available for anywhere between Rs 60,000 and a lakh. And it's not just
Delhiites or NCR residents who are pre-ordering the phones. The sellers are
getting a number of queries from Meerut and Agra as well. A shopkeeper even told
us, "Come after three days, and we will probably have the 7+ model."It's not
'exclusive' after official launch: BuyersNP Pant, who works in a shipment
company, told us that buying the phone in the black market without a warranty is
not an issue, because he had bought his iPhone 5 from Gaffar Market as well. He
said, "I have pre-ordered the iPhone7 from Gaffar market and I was told that it
will be delivered the next week. I just came back from the US 10-12 days back. I
had promised my parents that I will bring them the new phone and I will have to
get it for them, even if I have to pay a few extra bucks." Vidyabhushan Choubey,
an IT specialist, said, "There is nothing exclusive about buying a phone after
its official launch. I sold my iPhone 6 before its rate dropped, and can now buy
an iPhone7 before it hits the market. I have told the dealer that if it doesn't
come in a week, I will cancel my order."

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             953 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

Delhi's tech crazy flock to Gaffar Market to bargain for iPhone 7

BYLINE: Niharika Lal

SECTION: DELHI

LENGTH: 742 words


For some Delhiites, the point of having an iPhone is that they get to flaunt it.
And if it is the latest version of the phone, that has not even been launched in
the country yet, even better! After all, it's not really exclusive if everyone
can buy it, right? So if you are feeling jealous when acquaintances flaunt their
very special iPhones, that their 'phoren wale chacha/mama/bhaiyya' got them,
don't worry, you can get one too!

If you are ready to pay a few extra bucks and access the black market, you can
probably get the phone in Delhi's Gaffar Market or Palika Bazar, where smuggled
iPhone 7s and 7+s are being sold. On Saturday, custom officials seized 75 iPhone
7s and 7+ worth Rs 46.39 lakh at the IGI airport. A few days ago, another
consignment of 26 iPhone 7s and seven iPhone 7+ was seized. In both the cases,
the phones were being smuggled from Hong Kong, where they were launched
recently. "He (the smuggler) told us that he had planned to sell the phones in
Delhi at high prices before the official launch.We are keeping a tight vigil to
prevent black marketing of these items," a senior police official was reported
as saying after the first case. Last year also, many consignments of iPhone 6
were seized at the airport before the official launch in India.Want an iPhone 7?
head over to Gaffar MarketWhile the official launch date for the iPhone 7 in
India is October 7, DT visited Gaffar Market to see if the phone is actually
available in the black market. Turns out, if you don't ask where the phone came
from or about authenticity and warranty, the iPhone7 is yours for the taking.
Even the smallest shop in Gaffar Market can provide you with the phone if you
can get the dealer to trust you. The sellers in the market told us that they
have been getting queries about the latest iPhone for a month, but they have
started accepting orders after its US launch. A seller in Gaffar Market told us,
"Within 24 hours of the US launch, we had received more than 10 bookings. Ab tak
toh kaafi bookings aa gayi hain."We have to be alert, just in case the customer
turns out to be a cop: SellersPolice officials tell us that to conduct a raid on
those selling smuggled iPhones, they need someone to file a complaint. Unless
they receive any complaints, they can't take action. A seller tells us that they
don't divulge any details to customers over the phone, in case it turns out to
be a cop posing as a customer. When we told sellers that we were looking to buy
an iPhone7 and asked about its availability, they responded with a number a
questions of their own. One seller told us the reason behind the queries - "We
have to be alert. What if the customer turns out to be a cop?" A seller told us,
"The demand for the new iPhone is 50% higher than last year, during the iPhone 6
launch, and the jet black colour is the most popular. We are trying to get these
phones before the official launch." Another seller said, "I had promised the
phones to some of my clients by September 20. But I couldn't deliver because of
some unavoidable issue. We are hoping to make it available soon."Who says iPhone
rates can't be negotiated?How much the phone will cost you in the black market
will depend on the dealer and your negotiation skills. We were told that they
are available for anywhere between Rs 60,000 and a lakh. And it's not just
Delhiites or NCR residents who are pre-ordering the phones. The sellers are
getting a number of queries from Meerut and Agra as well. A shopkeeper even told
us, "Come after three days, and we will probably have the 7+ model."It's not
'exclusive' after official launch: BuyersNP Pant, who works in a shipment
company, told us that buying the phone in the black market without a warranty is
not an issue, because he had bought his iPhone 5 from Gaffar Market as well. He
said, "I have pre-ordered the iPhone7 from Gaffar market and I was told that it
will be delivered the next week. I just came back from the US 10-12 days back. I
had promised my parents that I will bring them the new phone and I will have to
get it for them, even if I have to pay a few extra bucks." Vidyabhushan Choubey,
an IT specialist, said, "There is nothing exclusive about buying a phone after
its official launch. I sold my iPhone 6 before its rate dropped, and can now buy
an iPhone7 before it hits the market. I have told the dealer that if it doesn't
come in a week, I will cancel my order."

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             954 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            September 9, 2016 Friday
                                 FIRST EDITION

THE IPHONE 7 LAUNCH: What you need to know

BYLINE: Jefferson Graham, @jeffersongraham, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 486 words


So you want a new iPhone? Here's a timeline on availability, costs and features
for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

When can I preorder?

Friday, 12:01 a.m. PT

Preorders begin Friday for the new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus models, which promise
better battery performance, water-resistant bodies, improved power and a
dual-lens camera system that brings a wide angle and telephoto lens for the Plus
model.

When do the new iPhones go on sale?

Sept. 16

Apple hasn't said what time Apple Stores and other retailers will open to begin
selling the device. Last year, stores opened at 8 a.m. local time.
Traditionally, the first preorders promise delivery by opening day -- and
sometimes have arrived early. Many consumers have turned to preorders as a way
to skip the long retail lines that used to accompany iPhone launches. But in the
last few years, pre-orders sold out quickly. Two years ago, the iPhone 6 sold
out within hours of it first going on sale. When that happens, delivery dates
are pushed back  3-4 weeks.

How much will it cost?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus start at $649 and $749, with 32 GB of storage, an
upgrade for the standard 16 GB Apple has offered for several years. (This is a
big deal for consumers, because as anyone who has owned an iPhone knows, take
some pictures and videos and download some apps and you're soon out of storage.)
The previous 6S and 6S Plus models have the same pricing but upgraded storage --
they now start with 32 GB as well. The entry-level iPhone SE -- which has a
4-inch screen and many of the features of the bigger 6S model, still starts at
$399, with 16 GB storage.

When can I download iOS 10?

Sept. 13

The upgrade for Apple's mobile operating system becomes available as a free
download next Wednesday. Apple hasn't said what time, but it's usually early
Pacific  Time. This year's edition is billed as the "biggest" ever for Apple, in
terms of new features. Two key ones: Siri and iMessages. The personal digital
assistant has been added to many apps, including LinkedIn, Lyft, Square Cash and
Vonage, to dictate messages, hail a ride and make payments and calls. Texts will
be more visual in new iMessage, with stickers, bigger emojis and the ability to
draw pictures and emotions within the text itself. Recipients will need to have
recent Apple devices in order to see the visuals. Adding IOS 10 to recent
iPhones will bring these new features for free.

When can I get those new wireless earbuds?

AirPods, late October

The new, teeny wireless bluetooth headphones were unveiled Wednesday, to
accompany the controversial decision to ditch the headphone jack in favor of
next-generation wireless sound. But they won't be available until late next
month. You can use the AirPods to listen to music or talk on the phone. They
will sell for $159. (Purchasers of the new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will get a set of
free wired headphones, called EarPods, that connect to the Lightning port of the
iPhone.)

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Photos by Apple

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             955 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

Now, shoot RAW images from your iPhone

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 265 words


NEW DELHI: Apple has announced that it will be adding the ability to capture RAW
images to iPhones, starting with iOS 10. While the stock iOS camera app doesn't
have the functionality to capture RAW images, iPhone users can use Adobe's
Lightroom app for the same. The only requirement for being able to shoot RAW
images is that the iPhone should be running iOS 10 and have a 12MP iSight
camera. This means that the supported devices are iPhone 6/6 Plus, iPhone 6s /6s
Plus, iPhone 7/7 Plus, iPhone SE and even the iPad Pro 9.7. Images captured in
RAW format are uncompressed and don't have any post-processing effects applied
to them, unlike those captured using the stock camera app.

As a result, users can tweak or enhance the images as they like to get the best
out of them. Adobe Lightroom captures RAW images in DNG format. It has also
expanded its has also expanded the colour gamut to match the new displays and
camera on the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Earlier this year, Adobe rolled out a
major update for its Lightroom app for mobile photography on iOS and Android.For
iOS users, the updated Adobe Lightroom v2.4 brings two major improvements. First
is the ability to import images clicked in RAW format and edit them.On Android,
Adobe Lightroom for Android v2.1 brings a new Pro mode in its built-in camera
option under DNG RAW mode. As expected, the mode lets users take control of the
White Balance, ISO and focus, all inside a new interface. There is also a new
Lightroom Camera widget7 which directly fires up the Lightroom's built-in
camera.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             956 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

Now, shoot RAW images from your iPhone

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 265 words


NEW DELHI: Apple has announced that it will be adding the ability to capture RAW
images to iPhones, starting with iOS 10. While the stock iOS camera app doesn't
have the functionality to capture RAW images, iPhone users can use Adobe's
Lightroom app for the same. The only requirement for being able to shoot RAW
images is that the iPhone should be running iOS 10 and have a 12MP iSight
camera. This means that the supported devices are iPhone 6/6 Plus, iPhone 6s /6s
Plus, iPhone 7/7 Plus, iPhone SE and even the iPad Pro 9.7. Images captured in
RAW format are uncompressed and don't have any post-processing effects applied
to them, unlike those captured using the stock camera app.

As a result, users can tweak or enhance the images as they like to get the best
out of them. Adobe Lightroom captures RAW images in DNG format. It has also
expanded its has also expanded the colour gamut to match the new displays and
camera on the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Earlier this year, Adobe rolled out a
major update for its Lightroom app for mobile photography on iOS and Android.For
iOS users, the updated Adobe Lightroom v2.4 brings two major improvements. First
is the ability to import images clicked in RAW format and edit them.On Android,
Adobe Lightroom for Android v2.1 brings a new Pro mode in its built-in camera
option under DNG RAW mode. As expected, the mode lets users take control of the
White Balance, ISO and focus, all inside a new interface. There is also a new
Lightroom Camera widget7 which directly fires up the Lightroom's built-in
camera.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             957 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Waterloo Region Record

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Review: The iPhone 7 does many things well

BYLINE: Anick Jesdanun, The Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 729 words


Apple's new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are clearly improvements on their predecessors -
even if the biggest change is actually an omission (of the traditional headphone
jack). But are they improved enough to justify an upgrade?

If you're an iPhone user, it may depend on how long you've held onto your
current iPhone. If you're a proud owner of the iPhone 6S or its plus-sized
cousin, you probably don't need to rush out for the 7. But the 7 includes enough
cumulative iPhone improvements from the past two years to tempt anyone still
clinging to an older model.

For instance, the iPhone 7 is seriously water resistant; putting it under a
faucet for a few minutes merely muffled the speakers and made the touch screen
stop working until I dried it off. It's got louder speakers, a brighter screen
and, in the larger 7 Plus, a second camera lens - a low-powered but useful zoom.
Add to that a sharper 12 megapixel camera introduced with the 6S.

All iPhone 7 models come with twice the storage as the comparable 6S, at mostly
the same price.

Listening wired ...

Without the traditional headphone jack, wired headphones plug into the Lightning
port normally used for charging. But the jack's disappearance doesn't present
the problem you might expect, given that iPhone 7 comes with a three-inch-long
adapter for your old headphones. A replacement costs $9 if you lose it.

To charge your phone while listening, you need a $99 battery case or a
third-party adapter. Neither is included. Also, your iPhone 7 headphones won't
work with any other device that uses the old-fashioned jack.

... and unwired

Of course, you can just go wireless, as Apple would love you to do. Its upcoming
$159 AirPods are two tiny inch-and-a-half Bluetooth earpieces designed to
integrate with Apple's software. Setting them up involves little more than
opening the case near your phone and tapping "Connect."

Audio plays automatically when you're wearing them, and pauses when you pop one
out to talk to someone. Double tapping on an earpiece let me ask the Siri voice
assistant to change the volume, rewind or check the weather.

The AirPods picked up my voice pretty well, even when I spoke softly, and calls
sounded fine in controlled environments. Siri had some trouble when Shakira
blared in the background, but that's no different from using the phone in a loud
bar. And next to a busy highway in New York, the call sounded fine to me, but
the person I was speaking with thought it sounded like a speaker phone.

The AirPods did stay in my ears through one bike ride, eight runs and some
jumps, though one dropped out as I changed my shirt.

The wired headphones that come with the 7 work just fine - and will still cost
$29 to replace. Apple isn't promising better sound - at least for now - despite
the Lightning port's ability to deliver audio digitally. But third-party
headsets might be able to offer advanced features such as noise cancellation
without needing a separate battery.

AirPods will work with older iPhones once they get the free iOS 10 software
upgrade. Connect them once, and they'll work on iPads and Macs on the same
iCloud account, too. Though the iPhone 7 is available this Friday, AirPods won't
come out until late October.

Better images

While smartphone cameras have long offered zooming, these are typically done
with software tricks that degrade image quality. The iPhone 7 Plus has a second
lens that offers 2X optical zoom without any image degradation. (Technically,
it's not a true zoom lens, but it uses a separate camera system to achieve a
similar effect.)

Twice the magnification might not sound like much, but it makes a big difference
when you're zeroing in on one aspect of a scene. If you then need "digital zoom"
- as those software tricks are known - you're at least starting out with a
sharper image. For close-ups, the zoom lens lets you step back to keep your
shadow out of the shot.

Other improvements

The new iPhones now have stereo speakers and play audio twice as loud as before.

Apple says battery life improves by an hour or two, thanks to higher capacity
and efficiencies. No battery is ever going to be enough, but Apple promises 12
to 15 hours of Internet use.

If you do upgrade, consider the new jet black model. The back is polished so
finely that it looks like glass, yet has the strength of aluminum. It smudges
easily - but of course you ought to have a case anyway.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             958 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Dominion Post (Wellington, New Zealand)

                          September 10, 2016 Saturday

Apple munching on all other gadgets

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 874 words


Apple's new iPhones are getting so close to becoming the only computing device
you need, writes Henry Cooke.

--------------------

What was announced iPhone 7

The 3.5mm jack has been dropped. Front camera as a new 7MP sensor. The home
button has been modified. Storage options have been increased.

The case is water and dust resistant.

32GB: $1199; 128GB: $1399; 256GB: $1599

iPhone 7 Plus

As above but with two lenses, one 56mm.

32GB: $1429; 128GB: $1629; 256GB: $1829 Apple Watch Series 2

Waterproof to 50m.

Built-in GPS. New display is twice as bright. Prices start at NZ$599.

Kiwis can order all devices now. --------------------

Whether Apple means it to or not, the latest iPhones will accelerate the future
of gadgets. The company this week announced the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus which have
the same look and screen size - 4.7 and 5.5 inches - as the current models.

The iPhone - and, let's be honest, plenty of other phones - are so much easier
and more enjoyable to use than laptops, than smartwatches, even than tablets.

Part of this might be the technology, part of it might just be that we've
developed better habits around phones: but the end result is that the phone ends
up as not just our primary computing device, but increasingly our only one.

But this isn't exactly a new proposition. Steve Jobs introduced the iPhone by
pretending it was three different devices. How does the iPhone 7 change things?

The most obvious place is photography. The smartphone has already basically
destroyed the point and click digital camera market, but dual lens setup on the
7 Plus finishes the job.

Through the second 56mm telephoto lens, we get optical zoom: so zoom with no
quality loss, something plenty of dedicated cameras lack. I tried it - it's
astonishingly good, and basically acts like an old school "prime" portrait lens
does in terms of framing and depth of field. (Notably, this doesn't feature on
the regular old 7. Now that the Plus gets substantially better battery life and
a substantially better camera, it is basically the "iPhone Pro".)

Apple has a team of hundreds of people solely working on the camera, and it
shows. More than one hundred billion operations are performed on every image
taken in 20 milliseconds. Nikon just can't keep up with that, even if they make
much better lenses.

Apple was careful not to position the camera as a DSLR killer - but the simple
fact that it is comparing a phone and a huge $1200 dedicated photo-taker is
telling. The smartphone isn't eating the DSLR, but it is eating the wider
consumer "camera" market.

Then there's the million little other things - the tweaks that Apple is now
making instead of big leaps. These are often refined versions of stuff they've
let other companies test out for them. Water resistance. Stereo speaker sound. A
home button that won't fail with overuse (even if it feels a bit weird.) "Wide
gamut" colour so your iPhone has the most beautiful screen of any device you own
- even if it's the smallest.

Remember: Apple's most popular laptop, the Macbook Air, has never had a screen
that's come anywhere close to the iPhones in terms of pixels, or now, in colour.
Apple doesn't care. It's all in service of the iPhone.

Which is not to say the laptop or the tablet is dead. Apple borrowed a lot of
the new features from those other devices - they work very well as small sample
test cases.

But it is notable that the computer is no longer your main "anchor" device.
That's your phone. The Apple Watch is an add- on for your phone, not your
laptop. Virtual reality goggles will likely use your phone as a screen going
forwards, as much as Oculus wants us to all buy $2000 gaming PCs.

Which, in a roundabout way, explains the headphone thing. Apple is working to
shape a new category of device with none of the messiness of ports and plugs.
They don't care that the lightning earbuds that come with your new phone won't
work on your laptop (even if you bought your laptop from Apple) - why listen to
something on your laptop? What's wrong with your phone?

For all that the iPhone has evolved over the years, its largest obstacle has
never really been faced head on: the battery.

Sure, Apple touched on battery life with the iPhone 7 and have made attempts to
neuter the problem through the years. The iPhone 7 CPU will feature two "low
power" cores to take on less resource intensive tasks, like fetching emails,
without sucking down your battery using the cores meant to go fast. They promise
two extra hours of use on the iPhone 7 and one extra hour on the 7 Plus.

But this is hemming at the edges, a creative workaround rather than a proper
solution. A smartphone's battery life stops it from being a truly reliable
device. The people who need it to be reliable use ugly battery cases and heavy
battery packs, but we are fairly rare. For the iPhone, or any smartphone, to
really reach the rest of our lives, it needs to last for days - or at least a
single day of heavy use.

I know the physics might make that impossible right now, but Apple is the
richest company in the history of the world. I at least hope they are trying.

Henry Cooke travelled to San Francisco courtesy of Apple.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Apple chief executive Tim Cook introducing the iPhone 7 on Thursday.

Picture: REUTERS

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             959 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                          September 26, 2013 Thursday

Apple Watch: Lucky numbers

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; General

LENGTH: 770 words


The 'Apple is doomed' squad won't be mollified by any of this, but mollification
(that's really a word?) is definitely on the cards for the Apple faithful. In
spades. Look at these Apple numbers:

Apple sold nine million of the new iPhone 5s and 5c in the first weekend on
sale. When the iPhone 5 was released last year, Apple sold five million in the
first weekend. And that was considered pretty good.

Apple didn't give a breakdown of who bought what out of the two new models it
released, but data has since come in showing that despite logic, it's the
expensive model that's by far the most popular.

Globally, according to Localytics' analysis of mobile statistics, the iPhone 5s
accounted for a surprisingly high 78 per cent of all new iPhones purchased. In
China, which was seen as a prime market for the cheaper 5c, 91 per cent of
iPhone sales there were for the more expensive iPhone 5s.

The UK had the lowest ratio of iPhone 5s to iPhone 5c sales, with 69 per cent of
new iPhone sales being the 5s. In the US, 76 per cent of new iPhone sales also
went to the 5s.

To my mind, because the iPhone 5s embodies what's new and exciting, sales of the
iPhone 5c will pick up only by comparison once the euphoria of those early
adopters with money to splurge is sated.

And the iPhone 5s is fast. Gizmodo says "Apple's iPhone design is a masterpiece,
and iOS 7 shows that Apple's got a mastery of operating systems as well, more or
less." The site goes on to say the new A7 CPU is even faster in use than its
specs would suggest. "The benchmarks for Apple's new iPhone 5S are absurd. After
running Geekbench 3.0 on the hardware, we got scores that match up with the
numbers reported by others ..."

iOS 7 may have divided users thanks to its radical redesign, but the new OS
quickly went on to be the most downloaded and used version of iOS ever. This
year, iOS 7 arguably had more of a potential hindrance to the controversial Maps
app in iOS 6 thanks to its completely revamped user interface. Yet within 72
hours of its release, iOS 7 overtook iOS 6 as the iOS installed on the majority
of devices.

According to Apple, over 200 million iOS devices are already running the
completely redesigned iOS 7 since its September 18th launch.

By 8 PM on Friday, September 20, iOS 7 was on 48.21 per cent of iOS devices,
compared to 47.58 per cent for iOS 6. BySeptember 23rd, that percentage had
grown to 56.21 per cent of iDevices.

But if you're still struggling with iOS 7 (I absolutely love the usability, even
if I still find some of the redesign a little jarring) check out Macworld's
guide to what you may have missed.

Is the iPhone 'better' than other smartphones? I have no idea. I'd stay with
Apple, of course, and as I've said before, whether a Galaxy was better or not
simply because it integrates into my Apple ecosystem without me having to do
anything. I know you can make an Android do this, but that has no appeal for me.
But anyway, if you're in the market for the best no matter the platform, maybe
check out Phonedog's video review, as this smartphone site does compare the
iPhone 5s to Android to some extent, at least in the second part.

There are other numbers that confirm Apple is still doing what Apple lovers
love. For personal computers, Apple has been at the top of the American Customer
Satisfaction Index customer satisfaction charts for the last 10 years.

Apple's score for 2013 was 87, compared to 80 for Hewlett-Packard, 79 for and 78
for Toshiba. Scores are based on a number of factors, including customer
expectations, perceived quality of products and perceived value. Apple's score
increased 1.2 per cent from the 2012 survey results. And it's interesting to
look back through these results to the '90s when Jobs had gone and Apple was
suffering.

In the US and Canada, Microsoft is actually handing out cash if you turn in an
iDevice! But that's not desperation, right? It's solid business practice ...

Here's a prediction for you - a Samsung phone will appear shortly with
high-speed video to match the iPhone 5s slo-mo feature, now that YouTube is
filling up with 5s-filmed examples.

Although we all know Samsung makes wonderful smartphones and never copies
anything. Samsung, I'm sure, has always had plans for a gold Galaxy, despite all
those asserting that a gold iPhone would look tacky.

But if you still think (or hope, anyway) that Apple is doomed, check through
TUAW's list of 'the sky is falling!' announcements since the first iPhone
appeared six years ago.

I am very much looking forward to checking out both new iPhones in person ...
but no, sorry, I have no idea when they might arrive in New Zealand.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             960 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      September 9, 2016 Friday 4:31 PM GMT

Apple smartphone more expensive than ever as iPhone 7 pre-orders begin;
Weak pound against the dollar hits UK technology buyers after Brexit decision as
Apple ups the price of the iPhone, iPad and accessories

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 531 words


Apple's iPhone 7 has gone on pre-order around the world, but customers in the UK
have woken up to a very real-world impact of the Brexit referendum: the iPhone 7
as well as the iPad line is more expensive than ever.

Pre-orders for Apple's latest smartphone, which is now waterproof and no longer
has a headphone socket, went live across the world at 8.01am UK time, meaning
that many eager buyers in countries to the west of the Prime Meridian stayed up
late into the night.

While the base-level 4.7in iPhone 7 now has twice the storage, at 32GB, of the
starting iPhone 6S from 2015, it also rose in price by £40, costing buyers £599
without a mobile phone contract. The US price of the iPhone 7 remained steady at
$649.

The starting price of the larger 5.5in iPhone 7 Plus was also more expensive
than 2015's iPhone 6S Plus. The cheapest iPhone 7 model with 32GB of storage was
hiked up by £100, with a cost of £719 in the UK. It also saw a $20 increase in
the US, costing from $769.

The standard iPhone 7 will cost £60 more than its predecessor. The $ price
didn't rise. Consumers now starting to feel adverse impact of ?£- Samuel Tombs
(@samueltombs) September 8, 2016

Some of the company's other products, including the Apple Pencil and the
company's sports bands for the Apple Watch, also increased in price by £20 and
£10 respectively in the UK with no new revisions. The iPad Pro, despite having
its storage doubled and all but the cheapest versions gaining a price cut in the
US of between $50 and $100 depending on model, increased in price by £50.

Apple has not stated why it has increased prices, other than that it adjust
prices based on currency fluctuations and other factors, but it is not the first
technology company to do so in recent weeks. Chinese smartphone company OnePlus
raised the price of its latest smartphone, the OnePlus 3, by £20 - a 6.5% rise
in the price of the phone - in July.

"The sharp drop witnessed in the currency markets following the Brexit decision
has forced us to re-evaluate the OnePlus 3's pricing in the UK at a time of
significant demand," a spokesperson for OnePlus said at the time.

Dell also put in place a blanket 10% rise in prices for the UK, while HP
increased prices as the pound sunk against the dollar.

The issue being seen by shoppers in the UK is caused by the fall of the pound
against the US dollar after the Brexit referendum. US technology firms,
including Apple, Dell, and HP, account in US dollars, which means their pricing
of products, services and costs associated with their supply are all relative to
the US dollar.

After a sharp plummet immediately after the referendum result, the pound has
stayed more steady against the US dollar, but still has potential to fall
further and is unlikely to rebound in the near future. Even if it does rebound
against the US dollar, it is unlikely the price of goods such as smartphones
sold by US companies will decrease dramatically, meaning UK consumers are stuck
paying more for technology products than a year ago.


     ·    Want to listen to an iPhone 7 and charge it simultaneously? That'll be
          £35
     ·    Apple reveals waterproof iPhone 7 with new camera... and no headphone
          jack


LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             961 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                       March 13, 2016 Sunday 02:01 PM EST

iPhone 7 Rumor Rollup: Superfast LTE; wraparound OLED screen; Case of the
missing Earjack hole

BYLINE: Bob Brown

SECTION: NEWSANALYSIS

LENGTH: 704  words


Click for image

Apple has officially pre-empted the iPhone 7 rumors by inviting all of us to a
live-streamed event on March 21 to presumably "loop you in" on a new 5-inch
iPhone 5se and "mini" 9.7-inch iPad Pro, but let's not stop us from rounding up
the latest speculation on what comes after all that...

INTEL INSIDE

How many times has that headline been used over the years? Anyway, reports
surfaced this month that Intel will supply a "significant portion" of LTE modems
for the iPhone 7 - not such good news for fellow supplier Qualcomm. Motley Fool,
citing a report from CLSA Securities, writes that this could be a $1 billion
(yes, with a B) opportunity for Intel.

Motley Fool goes on to suggest this must refer to Intel's XMM 7360 modem, which
supports LTE category 10, which boasts downlink speeds of 450Mbps and uplink
speeds of 100Mbps. "This would represent a substantial improvement over the
Qualcomm MDM9635 modem inside of the iPhone 6s/6s Plus, which supports 300
megabits per second download and just 50 megabits per second upload." But there
is a question of whether this deal is really true, and how Apple would then need
to manage building CDMA-friendly phones with Qualcomm chips for some regions and
non-CDMA phones for others with the Intel or Qualcomm processors...

MacRumors says that Apple already boosted LTE on its iPhone 6s and 6s Plus
phones, but with users' chowing down more video and other demanding apps, you
can understand why they'd keep pushing.

WRAPAROUND SCREEN

Not to get ahead of ourselves (well, actually that's pretty much all we do in
this column), some now say that the much discussed possible iPhone with OLED
display could be a whopping 5.8 inches and wrap around the sides of the
smartphone. Apple's largest phone now is the 5.5-inch iPhone 6s Plus.

Colleague Yoni Heisler, citing a DigiTimes report that such a phone with an
organic light-emitting diode screen could hit the market by next year or the
year after, suggests that a much bigger iPhone isn't a crazy idea.

"Though Apple was once beholden to the iPhone's 3.5-inch form factor, the
company in recent years has demonstrated a bit more flexibility as it pertains
to screen size."

Then again, there are some big doubts about this big phone ever becoming a
reality. Look no further than AppleInsider's "Absurd report claims Apple is
prepping a 5.8" iPhone with OLED display for 2018."

DUAL-CAMERA BECOMES MORE REAL

People just can't wait to see how Apple implements a dual-lens camera (one being
a zoom) into its iPhone 7 line-up.

Boy Genius Report speculates that Apple could even pull a page from the new
Android-based Samsung Galaxy S7's book by coming out with a dual-lens camera
using some of the same innards.

"The camera of the Galaxy S7 is without a doubt one of the best new features in
Samsung's newest flagship series. In fact, when unveiling the new camera,
Samsung compared it extensively to the iPhone 6s to prove to the audience how
much better it is. In an ironic twist of events, could the same image sensor
make its way to the upcoming iPhone 7?"

BGR goes on to point out that Samsung boasted in a non-Galaxy S7 press release
this past week about its fancy camera sensor and will be making the technology
available to partners. While Apple might not be one of those, it is possible
that Apple could fetch similar technology from Sony, whose camera sensor
technology has also been shown to be used in the latest Samsung smartphone.

 Matt Gonzalez from MacRumors does a nice job envisioning how the Apple iPhone 7
dual-lens camera could work in this video as well.

CASE OF THE IPHONE 7 CASE

One way that iPhone rumormongers and rumor followers sniff out news about the
next great Apple smartphones is by keeping an eye on what new cases look like,
and cases glimpsed this past week add credence to the idea that Apple is
abandoning the traditional 3.5mm headset jack for a proprietary Lightning-based
one.

9to5Mac, citing images shared via the Twitter account @OnLeaks, notes that these
cases don't have a hole for a 3.5mm headphone jack. Suspicious indeed!

APPLE vs. FBI A LAUGHING MATTER

Or so thinks Samantha Bee, the newish late night TV show host, who hacked her
own phone before the government got a chance to do so.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             962 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

Apple iPhone 7 has hidden home button; now don't worry if physical button fails
to perform

LENGTH: 140  words

DATELINE: New York


New York, Oct. 18 -- What if the home button of your new iPhone 7 stops working?
No worries, as Apple's iPhone 7 home button has a virtual alternative that turns
on automatically if the physical button fails to perform.


 According to the Apple-tracking website MacRumors, the virtual home button sits
neatly at the bottom of the iPhone 7's screen.
 MUST READ
 Watch out! iphone 7 makes a hissing sound like this
 With the new iOS 10 in place, the iPhone 7 screen displays a message, saying
that "Home Button may need service and "onscreen Home Button" can be used in the
meantime.
 "With the introduction of the iPhone 7, Apple did away with the classic
click-mechanism home button in favour of a 'solid-state' pressure sensitive one
that uses haptic feedback to mimic traditional button presses," the report
added.
 MUST READ
 iPhone 7 Plus craze

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             963 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Apple unveils streamlined iPhone 7

SECTION: WORKLIFE; Pg. A28

LENGTH: 516 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Apple's latest iPhone may be more notable for what's missing from previous
models than what's being added. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus unveiled Wednesday won't
have an analog headphone jack - a longtime staple in just about every consumer
electronics device that can play audio.

In doing so, Apple is betting that its legions of loyal fans will embrace the
shift to wireless headphones - or, if they insist on sticking with their old
ways, that they won't mind using earbuds that plug into the iPhone's power port,
or older headsets in conjunction with a new adapter.

The redesigned earbuds - with cord - will be included with the new iPhones. Also
in the box: an adapter consisting of two plugs connected by a short length of
cable, which will connect older headphones to the charging port.

Wireless future looms But Apple is trying to push consumers to cut the cord with
their headphones and make the leap into what it envisions as a "wireless
future."

"The reason to move on is courage," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior
vicepresident of worldwide marketing. "The courage to move on and do something
new that will benefit all of us."

As part of the transition, Apple also is introducing wireless "AirPods" that
will sell for $160.

Getting rid of the 3.5-millimetre headphone jack helped Apple make its new
iPhone slimmer, boost its battery lifetime and add other improvements, including
stereo speakers and a sharper camera. The iPhone 7 is also water resistant, a
popular feature that rivals such as Samsung Electronics already have been
offering.

Apple is trying to reverse its first decline in iPhone sales since the company's
late founder, Steve Jobs, unveiled the trendsetting device in 2007.

Apple sold nearly 92 million iPhones during the first six months of this year,
or about 15 per cent fewer than the same period last year. Industry analysts
blame the downturn on last fall's uninspiring rollout of the iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus, neither of which included enough compelling feature to persuade consumers
to replace the phones that they already owned.

Been there, done that Now the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus may be plagued by the same
syndrome.

Phone advances from Apple, Samsung and other smartphone makers in recent years
are becoming so run-of-the-mill that BGC analyst Colin Gillis says the industry
is gradually losing its ability to dazzle consumers. That's something Jobs was
famous for whenever he showed off new products.

In a Wednesday research note, Gillis predicted that shopping for a new
smartphones is becoming "like buying a microwave - something people do, but not
a major event." He believes Apple's iPhone sales could decline by five per cent
during the next year.

If that happens, it will be bad news for Apple, the world's most valuable
company. It relies on the iPhone for twothirds of its revenue, partly because
the company hasn't been able to come up with another breakthrough innovation
under the leadership of CEO Tim Cook, Jobs' hand-picked successor.

Investors weren't very enthused about what they saw Wednesday. Apple's stock
shed 29 cents to $107.41 in late afternoon trading.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                             964 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      August 10, 2015 Monday 12:17 PM GMT

Apple's iPhone 7 to be revealed next month? Latest rumours hint at a specific
date;
The next version of Apple's iPhone and iPad gadgets could be here in less than a
month, according to the latest rumours

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 201 words


If you're desperate to get your hands on an iPhone 6S or iPhone 7 then you might
not have long to wait.

According to new rumours, Apple is set to reveal its next version of the iPhone
and iPad on September 9th, 2015 - less than a month away.

As ever, the next-generation gadgets are shrouded in secrecy, but some believe
the iPhone 6S (as it's likely to be called) will be thicker than the current
iPhone.

However, it is expected to feature the same "force touch" technology that Apple
developed for the Apple Watch.

Last year's iPhone announcement was held on September 9 and, according to
sources speaking to BuzzFeed, the company is planning a repeat performance.

"The company intends to hold a special event the week of Sept. 7, with Wednesday
the 9th being the most likely date," wrote BuzzFeed's John Paczkowski.

Alongside the iPhone 6S, Apple is also expected to reveal the iPhone 6S Plus and
potentially an iPhone 6C.

The company could also show off a giant, 12-inch iPad that industry watchers
have dubbed the "iPad Pro".

Apple has declined to comment on the rumours.

Historically, the company waits until a few weeks before its announcement to
send out cryptic invitations.

Are you going to get an iPhone 7?

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             965 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                          September 10, 2016 Saturday

Apple munching on all other gadgets

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 876 words


Apple's new iPhones are getting so close to becoming the only computing device
you need, writes Henry Cooke.

--------------------

What was announced iPhone 7

The 3.5mm jack has been dropped. Front camera as a new 7MP sensor. The home
button has been modified. Storage options have been increased.

The case is water and dust resistant.

32GB: $1199 128GB: $1399 256GB: $1599.

iPhone 7 Plus

As above but with two lenses, one 56mm.

32GB: $1429 128GB: $1629 256GB: $1829 Apple Watch series 2.

Apple Watch Series 2

Waterproof to 50m .

Built-in GPS. New display is twice as bright. Prices start at NZ$599.

Kiwis can order all devices now. --------------------

Whether Apple means it to or not, the latest iPhones will accelerate the future
of gadgets. The company this week announced the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus which have
the same look and screen size - 4.7 and 5.5 inches - as the current models.

The iPhone - and, let's be honest, plenty of other phones - are so much easier
and more enjoyable to use than laptops, than smartwatches, even than tablets.

Part of this might be the technology, part of it might just be that we've
developed better habits around phones: but the end result is that the phone ends
up as not just our primary computing device, but increasingly our only one.

But this isn't exactly a new proposition. Steve Jobs introduced the iPhone by
pretending it was three different devices. How does the iPhone 7 change things?

The most obvious place is photography. The smartphone has already basically
destroyed the point and click digital camera market, but dual lens setup on the
7 Plus finishes the job.

Through the second 56mm telephoto lens, we get optical zoom: so zoom with no
quality loss, something plenty of dedicated cameras lack. I tried it - it's
astonishingly good, and basically acts like an old school "prime" portrait lens
does in terms of framing and depth of field. (Notably, this doesn't feature on
the regular old 7. Now that the Plus gets substantially better battery life and
a substantially better camera, it is basically the "iPhone Pro".)

Apple has a team of hundreds of people solely working on the camera, and it
shows. More than one hundred billion operations are performed on every image
taken in 20 milliseconds. Nikon just can't keep up with that, even if they make
much better lenses.

Apple was careful not to position the camera as a DSLR killer - but the simple
fact that it is comparing a phone and a huge $1200 dedicated photo-taker is
telling. The smartphone isn't eating the DSLR, but it is eating the wider
consumer "camera" market.

Then there's the million little other things - the tweaks that Apple is now
making instead of big leaps. These are often refined versions of stuff they've
let other companies test out for them. Water resistance. Stereo speaker sound. A
home button that won't fail with overuse (even if it feels a bit weird.) "Wide
gamut" colour so your iPhone has the most beautiful screen of any device you own
- even if it's the smallest.

Remember: Apple's most popular laptop, the Macbook Air, has never had a screen
that's come anywhere close to the iPhones in terms of pixels, or now, in colour.
Apple doesn't care. It's all in service of the iPhone.

Which is not to say the laptop or the tablet is dead. Apple borrowed a lot of
the new features from those other devices - they work very well as small sample
test cases.

But it is notable that the computer is no longer your main "anchor" device.
That's your phone. The Apple Watch is an add- on for your phone, not your
laptop. Virtual reality goggles will likely use your phone as a screen going
forwards, as much as Oculus wants us to all buy $2000 gaming PCs.

Which, in a roundabout way, explains the headphone thing. Apple is working to
shape a new category of device with none of the messiness of ports and plugs.
They don't care that the lightning earbuds that come with your new phone won't
work on your laptop (even if you bought your laptop from Apple) - why listen to
something on your laptop? What's wrong with your phone?

For all that the iPhone has evolved over the years, its largest obstacle has
never really been faced head on: the battery.

Sure, Apple touched on battery life with the iPhone 7 and have made attempts to
neuter the problem through the years. The iPhone 7 CPU will feature two "low
power" cores to take on less resource intensive tasks, like fetching emails,
without sucking down your battery using the cores meant to go fast. They promise
two extra hours of use on the iPhone 7 and one extra hour on the 7 Plus.

But this is hemming at the edges, a creative workaround rather than a proper
solution. A smartphone's battery life stops it from being a truly reliable
device. The people who need it to be reliable use ugly battery cases and heavy
battery packs, but we are fairly rare. For the iPhone, or any smartphone, to
really reach the rest of our lives, it needs to last for days - or at least a
single day of heavy use.

I know the physics might make that impossible right now, but Apple is the
richest company in the history of the world. I at least hope they are trying.

Henry Cooke travelled to San Francisco courtesy of Apple.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Apple CEO Tim Cook introducing the iPhone 7 on Thursday.

Picture: REUTERS

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             966 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Al Sharq (Qatar - Arabic)

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

                                  تعرف على موعد وصول هاتف "أيفون 7 وبلس" إلى قطر

LENGTH: 235 words



                                              هاتف أيفون 7 الجديد الدوحة - الشرق

                                             أوريدو تستقبل طلبات الحجز 16 الجاري

 أعلنت Ooredoo اليوم أنها ستوفر لعملائها هاتفي iPhone 7 وiPhone 7 Plus الجديدين،
              واللذين يعدا الجهازين الأفضل والأكثر تطوراً على الإطلاق من iPhone.


وسيحتوي الإصدارين الجديدين من iPhone على نظام كاميرا متطور وجديد بالكامل، وقد تم
  تصميم الهاتف ليكون مقاوماً للماء والغبار، كما يحتوي الهاتف على نظام سماعات صوت
    ستيريو وشريحة معالج A10 Fusion التي تعد الشريحة الأقوى بالنسبة لأي هاتف ذكي،
إضافة إلى عمر بطارية هو الأفضل على الإطلاق بالنسبة لجميع إصدارات iPhone السابقة.

  ويمكن للعملاء طلب هاتفي iPhone 7 و iPhone 7 Plus مسبقاً، اعتباراً من 16 سبتمبر
    2016، وسيكون الهاتفان متوفرين في مراكز Ooredoo و عبر الإنترنت من خلال الرابط
                                                                 ooredoo.qa/buy.

   وسيكون هاتفا iPhone 7 وiPhone 7 Plus متوافقان مع أحدث تحسينات Ooredoo لشبكتها
       سوبرنت وهي المعيار Category 9 LTE-Advanced Standard، الذي يمكن العملاء من
                                استخدام سرعات تنزيل تصل إلى 325 ميغابت بالثانية.

 وتوفر Ooredoo مجموعة من باقات البيانات تناسب جميع الإمكانيات، وتتراوح من 3 ر.ق.
  يومياً لكمية بيانات تبلغ 150 ميغابايت على خدمة هلا، وحتى 500 ر.ق. لباقة بيانات
                                                            الشهري غير المحدودة.

 ويعمل هاتفا iPhone 7 و iPhone 7 Plus بنظام تشغيلiOS 10 ، والذي يعد أكبر إصدارات
  أنظمة تشغيل الهواتف الجوالة على الإطلاق وأكثرها تطوراً في العالم. وستكون أجهزة
                 iPhone 6 وiPhone 6 Plus وiPhone 6s وiPhone 6s Plus متوفرة كذلك.

                                               جميع الحقوق محفوظة  2016 Al-Sharq

                         http://imgs.syndigate.info/923/2717/32/147351897050.jpg

                                                             هاتف أيفون 7 الجديد


LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ARABIC; العربية

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 2717


             Copyright 2016 Abha Chamber of Commerce and Industry.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             967 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            November 1, 2016 Tuesday

BRIEF: First legal iPhone 7 shipment en route to Iran

BYLINE: Mehdi Sepahvand, Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 221 words


Nov. 01--TEHRAN, Iran -- The first legal shipment of iPhone 7 is about to enter
Iran, Mehr news agency reported November 1.

This is while iPhone 7 has already been shipped into the country illegally,
despite the fact that the ICT Ministry has announced plan to withhold services
to illegal phones.

Although at international markets iPhone 7 has been priced at $649 to $760, the
iPhones now illegally in Iran are sold as high as $2,500 apiece.

On September 20, spokesman on Headquarters for Fight on Goods and Currency
Smuggling Qassem Khorshidi said that each year Iran's economy suffers a damage
of $320 million from cellphone smuggling.

The government recently decided to withhold network service to cell phones that
are not legally distributed in the country.

The current administration blames a previously established tariff of 60 percent
on cell phone imports as the main encouraging factor behind the cellphone
smuggling.

Iran's mobile network's penetration rate is currently 97.5 percent. Over 21.35
million of Iran's 80 million population are using mobile phones to access the
Internet, according to the latest statistics of the country's ICT ministry
published September 20.

___ (c)2016 Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan) Visit Trend News Agency (Baku,
Azerbaijan) at en.trend.az Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161101-1AZ-BRF-First-legal-iPhone-7
-shipment-en-route-to-Iran-1101-20161101

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AZ


                        Copyright 2016 Trend News Agency


                             968 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                          September 12, 2013 Thursday

Apple iPhone 5S & iPhone 5C: India price and features;
Everything you need to know about Apple iPhone 5S and the iPhone 5C, their
features and pricing in India.

BYLINE: Mahafreed Irani

LENGTH: 645  words


Apple launched the iPhone 5S & the iPhone 5C amidst huge hype and brouhaha over
its features and pricing, most of which were already leaked out pretty
accurately. We bring to you all the information you would need to know about the
iPhone 5S & iPhone 5C. Apple iPhone 5S Features & Pricing in India

Display & Body

The display on the iPhone 5S remains the same at 4.0 inches with a pixel density
of 326 ppi. As expected, the design is also the same as the iPhone 5. 64 bit A7
chip and M7 motion co-processor The iPhone 5S comes with the new A7 chip which
Apple claims to be the world's first 64 bit desktop-class architecture in a
smartphone. Apparently Huawei Ascend D Quad launched in Feb 2012 last year also
boasted of a 64 bit chipset. M7 motion coprocessor gathers data from the
accelerometer, gyroscope and compass to offload work from the A7 for improved
power efficiency. Apple has allowed developers' access to the new CoreMotion
APIs that take advantage of M7, thus allowing them to create better fitness and
activity apps.

Touch ID - Fingerprint Scanner Built into the home button, Touch ID uses a laser
cut sapphire crystal, together with the capacitive touch sensor, to take a
high-resolution image at about 550ppi of your fingerprint. Touch ID will allow
you to authenticate Appstore purchases and app updates besides providing
security lock to the iPhone 5S.

8MP iSight Camera with True Tone Flash The iPhone 5S boasts of a new 8MP iSight
camera, which features a larger f/2.2 aperture and a new, larger sensor with 1.5
pixels for better sensitivity and low-light performance. The camera has
capability to shoot 10 frames-per-second in burst mode, and 120
frames-per-second slow motion video at 720p.

The dual LED Flash, called the True Tone Flash by Apple adjusts colour and
intensity for over 1,000 combinations to give better images under dark light
conditions. Colours The new iPhone 5S now comes in three new different colours
called Gold, Silver and Space Grey. Apple has also introduced new leather covers
for the device with 6 colours to choose from i.e. beige, black, blue, brown,
yellow and red.

iOS 7 The iPhone 5S comes with iOS 7, Apple's latest redesigned UI along with
the option to download the iWorks apps Suite for free which includes iPhoto,
iMovie, Pages, Numbers and Keynote apps that are otherwise paid for apps.

Availability and Pricing

The iPhone 5S is priced at $199 for 16GB, $299 for 32GB and $399 for 64GB on
two-year contract in the US, while you can expect it to be priced at around Rs.
50,000 in India for the 16GB version and upwards for the others.

The iPhone 5S will be available starting Sep 20th in the US, while it is
expected to be made available in India sometime during mid-November. Apple
iPhone 5C Features & Pricing in India Body & Design The iPhone 5C comes in a new
polycarbonate shell design which we feel, resembles the Nokia Lumia 620 a bit.

It's available in five colours viz, blue, green, pink, yellow and white. Other
Features It sports the same features as the iPhone 5 which include: 4.0 inch
Retina display

8MP iSight Camera

The A6 chip

iOS 7 The iPhone 5C comes with iOS 7, Apple's latest redesigned UI along with
the option to download the iWorks apps suite for free which includes iPhoto,
iMovie, Pages, Numbers and Keynote apps that are otherwise paid apps.

Pricing & Availability

The iPhone 5C is priced at $99 for 16GB and $199 for the 32 GB version, both on
a two year contract in the US. The iPhone 5C is expected to be priced at around
Rs. 35,000 in India. While the iPhone 5C will be made available in the US on the
20th of September, it is expected to arrive in India only by the mid week of
November. Note: iOS 7 upgrade will be available for the entire Apple devices
starting from iPhone 4 & iPad 2 from September 18th. But the iWorks apps are
free only for newly bought devices with iOS7 installed on it.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2013 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             969 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple event unveils updates

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 527 words


At Apple's iPhone 7 unveiling in San Francisco on Wednesday, the tech powerhouse
revealed a host of new and updated hardware and software, including a new type
of headphone jack and souped-up camera. Here's a rundown of the biggest
announcements.

Apple airpods

As expected, iPhone is removing the standard analog headphone jack and forcing
headphones to use its "Lightning" connector, which plugs into the phone's
charging port. The iPhone 7 will come with an adapter so older earphones can
still be used. But Apple is pushing Apple AirPods, which CEO Tim Cook says are a
"breakthrough design," wireless headphones that sync across all Apple devices
and respond to touch that can access Siri. The AirPods are shipping in late
October and cost $160.

iPhone 7 and 7 plus

Apple's new iPhone is getting a faster processor, an updated home button and
will come with water and dust protection. Apple says the iPhone 7 home button is
now force sensitive, so responses can differ based on how hard you press it.
It's similar to what Apple has done with a trackpad in a slimmer MacBook model
last year. The iPhone 7 will have stereo speakers for the first time, with twice
the volume of iPhone 6S speakers. The phone's battery life is improved, too;
Apple estimates that the 7 Plus will have an additional hour of battery life
compared to the 6S.

Camera

Camera improvements include a new flash with four rather than two shades of
color to match ambient light. High-end photographers can get images in RAW
format, which allows for more versatile editing, matching what many leading
cameras now have.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have two cameras with different lenses that will boost
the zoom capabilities of the camera. The camera can now zoom in up to 10 times
the original size of the photo. Both cameras take 12 megapixel photos. The two
lenses will also sense depth and allow users to blur backgrounds in images,
mimicking an effect that typically requires changing the lens aperture in
stand-alone cameras.

Other smartphone makers such as LG and Motorola are also starting to offer
models with dual lenses to improve picture quality. The difference is the wide
angle on LG G5 has lower resolution with 8 megapixels.

Pricing and storage

The iPhone 7 will start at $650, the same as the 6s it replaces. The larger Plus
model is increasing to $770, instead of $750. They come in silver, gold, rose
gold, black and the new jet-black finish. Storage has been doubled, so Apple
joins rival phone makers in making the starter model 32 gigabytes, rather than
16 gigabytes before. Apple is doubling storage in higher-priced models, too - to
128 and 256 gigabytes.

The new phones will ship Sept. 16, with orders to start this Friday. Older
iPhones will get price reductions, and last year's models are also getting
double the storage.

APPLE PAY

Apple Pay will come to Japan in October with a new wireless technology called
Felica to be included in iPhones and Apple Watches there. Apple Pay will also
come to New Zealand in October and Russia in the fall.

In the U.S. and elsewhere, mobile payments use a wireless technology called NFC.
A transit feature in Apple Maps will also launch in Japan.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2016 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             970 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           September 16, 2016 Friday
                            All but Toronto Edition

Demand for iPhone 7 surprises Wall Street; Short sellers forced to cover as
Apple soars

BYLINE: John Shmuel, Financial Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST INVESTING; Pg. FP4

LENGTH: 560 words


Apple Inc. stock is on its biggest winning streak in years as the company
prepares to roll out sales of its new iPhone 7 on Friday.

The consumer electrics firm has piled on more than US$60 billion to its market
capitalization this week alone, as the company rides a wave of bullish analyst
upgrades and strong early demand for its new smartphone.

Its share price rose 3.4 per cent to US$115.57 a share on Thursday, capping its
best four-day performance in two and a half years. Short sellers have been
forced to cover about US$250 million worth of stock on the advance, based on
data from Thomson Reuters.

Retailers reported that early demand for the new iPhone 7 has been incredibly
strong, with sales of the Plus, a larger model, selling out on Apple's website.

"We believe the commentary of the wireless operators over the past two days
about iPhone pre-order activity is meaningful," said Walter Piecyk, analyst at
BTIG. "Especially in light of conservative Street expectations for Apple and the
widespread belief that the marginal changes to the iPhone 7 might not be enough
to stimulate device upgrades."

Apple unveiled its new iPhone 7, along with an updated Apple Watch, at a
high-profile event last Wednesday in San Francisco. The new phone introduced
several new features, including wireless headphones, water resistance and a new
dual-camera, which will allow users to jump from wide angle to telephoto lenses.

Apple's share-price decline slightly in the days following the announcement, but
this week began to rally as reports emerged that demand for the new 7 model was
much stronger than anticipated. The stock has now rallied nearly 11 per cent
since the open on Monday.

Initial reviews of the 7 suggested that the phone was an incremental upgrade
over its

predecessor, but analysts in recent days have turned more bullish. Amit
Daryanani, an analyst at RBC Capital Markets, noted that Apple shares were set
to break out even further if the phone continued to defy odds.

"Given the backdrop of subdued expectations for the iPhone 7, we think there is
potential for Apple to surprise on the upside given share gain potential," he
said in a note to clients.

Both T-Mobile and Sprint issued press releases this week that said pre-orders
for the 7 were four times what they were for the iPhone 6. Apple has already
warned that given the high demand on its website, iPhone 7 models will not be
available for walk-in sales this week.

Apple currently has a user base of 600 million, but recent earnings reports
showed that sales of the iPhone had plateaued.

Katy Huberty, analyst with Morgan Stanley, notes that current estimates are that
25 per cent of users will upgrade to the new phone, roughly in line with the
previous adoption rate for the 6. This gives the phone the potential to surprise
to the upside.

Adoption could also get a boost, notes Daryanani, from the ongoing recall by
competitor Samsung of one of its phones. Samsung is currently undergoing a
massive effort to recall 2.5 million Galaxy Note 7 smartphones, which have
suffered from battery fires.

Daryanani says the Samsung recall could help Apple's stock up its relatively
affordable multiple - shares trade at a price-to-earnings ratio of 12 right now
- if the iPhone manages to eat into the Galaxy's market share.

jshmuel@postmedia.com !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Kimihiro Hoshino, Afp, Getty Image; Apple shares jumped 3.4 per cent on
Thursday, capping its best four-day performance in two and a half years.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             971 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

iPhone 7: Do businesses need to upgrade?

LENGTH: 620 words



HIGHLIGHT: Better camera, display and audio: but does the iPhone 7 have anything
to offer businesses?


The new generation of the Apple iPhone, including the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus, was launched on 7 September at Apple's annual event in San Francisco. It
is available for pre-order September 9 and available September 16.

Many of the changes are aesthetic. As anticipated, the standard headphone jack
has been removed, with users now able to connect headphones through Apple's
lightning port. This has allowed Apple to make the device slightly thinner.

Overall, the design is fairly similar to the iPhone 6 and the display on the
device is brighter and more colourful.

In terms of functionality, the dual lens camera is an important addition, with
Richard Stiennon, Chief Strategy Officer at Blancco Technology Group, saying
that this is the "most significant benefit" of the new device.

He says that this will improve photo quality and help Apple keep up with the
superior camera quality offered by Samsung devices.

There is also better performance hardware, with a processor that Apple claims is
twice as fast as that on the iPhone 6, and what is apparently the best battery
life on an iPhone.

Users who are concerned about the durability of their devices will welcome the
introduction of water resistance on the devices.

The devices will also ship with the new version of Apple's operating system, iOS
10, for which stand-out points include the removal of the swipe to unlock
feature and its replacement with pressing the home button to unlock.

In addition, the lock screen notifications have been upgraded, with new users
now able to interact with them in more detail. Users can also clear all
notifications.

For businesses, the important question is whether the iPhone 7 merits upgrading
the workforce from the existing stock of iPhones.

According to Boris Metodiev, who leads the mobile and connected devices research
at 451 Research, there is no hurry.

"It is not much of a secret in the industry that Apple has decided to move from
having a major update every second year, to having a major update every third
year of its iconic smartphone."

This means, according to Metodiev, that the improvements on this device are
"fairly incremental".

According to Metodiev, this is because there is an increasing market tendency
for longer upgrade cycles.

"Consumers feel less inclined to upgrade their phones, since there is not enough
innovation from one iteration to another, or the changes wouldn't make much
difference in their user experience."

He highlights that none of the major changes, such as audio and camera upgrades,
are particularly relevant to business use.

To Metodiev, the roll-out of iOS 10 is a more significant development than the
new handset launch. However, this will affect older devices as well, possibly
including iPhone 5 and 5s.

Nick Black, CEO of UK app developer Apadmi, says that cost will also be an
important consideration.

"The main consideration for businesses has to be the price hike. The 32Gb model
is £599, but that will possibly be too small to run iOS 10 and have a multitude
of apps on the device (like the 16Gb model was previously). The most expensive
model is 256Gb and is priced at £919, which is an investment, to say the least.

 "If costs are an issue for your business, think carefully about all the other
iOS devices in the range as there is a good chance they will drop in price."

For this reason, Black also predicts that sales of iPhone 6 models will
skyrocket.

"In summary, considering the fact that iPhone 6s is still a great device, and
the incremental and not necessarily business oriented changes to iPhone 7, I
believe that even after iOS 10 becomes available there will be no real need for
businesses to rush to upgrade, as long as they are already on iPhone 6 or 6s,"
says Metodiev.

LOAD-DATE: September 09, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             972 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Al Watan (Saudi Arabia - Arabic)

                          September 10, 2016 Saturday

                                                   Ooredoo تطرح iPhone 7 و 7Plus

LENGTH: 206 words



   أعلنت Ooredoo أمس أنها ستوفر لعملائها هاتفي iPhone 7 وiPhone 7 Plus الجديدين،
      واللذين يعدا الجهازين الأفضل والأكثر تطوراً على الإطلاق من iPhone. وسيحتوي
  الإصداران الجديدان من iPhone على نظام كاميرا متطور وجديد بالكامل، وقد تم تصميم
 الهاتف ليكون مقاوماً للماء والغبار، كما يحتوي الهاتف على نظام سماعات صوت ستيريو
 وشريحة معالج A10 Fusion التي تعد الشريحة الأقوى بالنسبة لأي هاتف ذكي، إضافة إلى
   عمر بطارية هو الأفضل على الإطلاق بالنسبة لجميع إصدارات iPhone السابقة.  ويمكن
   للعملاء طلب هاتفي iPhone 7 وiPhone 7 Plus مسبقاً، اعتباراً من 16 سبتمبر 2016،
          وسيكون الهاتفان متوافرين في مراكز Ooredoo وعبر الإنترنت من خلال الرابط
   ooredoo.qa/buy. وسيكون هاتفا iPhone 7 وiPhone 7 Plus متوافقين مع أحدث تحسينات
  Ooredoo لشبكتها سوبرنت وهي المعيار Category 9 LTE-Advanced Standard، الذي يمكن
                   العملاء من استخدام سرعات تنزيل تصل إلى 325 ميغابايت بالثانية.


 وتوفر Ooredoo مجموعة من باقات البيانات تناسب جميع الإمكانات، وتتراوح من 3 ريال.
 يومياً لكمية بيانات تبلغ 150 ميغابايت على خدمة هلا، وحتى 500 ريال. لباقة بيانات
    الشهري غير المحدودة.  ويعمل هاتفا iPhone 7 وiPhone 7 Plus بنظام تشغيلiOS 10،
والذي يعد أكبر إصدارات أنظمة تشغيل الهواتف الجوالة على الإطلاق وأكثرها تطوراً في
                                    العالم. وستكون أجهزة iPhone 6 وiPhone 6 Plus

                                        وiPhone 6s وiPhone 6s Plus متوافرة كذلك.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ARABIC; العربية

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 24


                Copyright 2016 Assir Est. for Press & Publishing
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             973 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils water resistant iPhone7

BYLINE: Angus Howarth

LENGTH: 433  words


The next generation of the iPhone has been revealed, with the technology giant
doing away with the headphone port and adding a second camera on the rear of the
device.

A new version of the Apple Watch, called the Series 2 and with greater focus on
health and exercise tracking, was also announced, including a special Nike+
version for ­runners.

o READ MORE:
{http://www.scotsman.com/news/world/apple-boss-slams-eu-s-11bn-tax-ruling-as-pol
itical-crap-1-4218575| Apple boss slams EU's £11bn tax ruling as political crap'
| link to article}

The Watch, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will go on sale on 16 September, with
pre-orders for the devices beginning tomorrow. The iPhone 7 will start at £599
in the UK for the 32GB model, which makes it £60 more expensive than the iPhone
6s.

Instead of the traditional headphone connection, iPhone packages will now come
with earphones that fit into the phone's Lighting port, currently used for
charging and data transfer.

However, Apple also revealed new wireless earphones, called AirPods, that will
connect to both iPhone and Apple Watch remotely. An adaptor that enables
traditional headphones to continue to plug into the iPhone will also be included
in the box.

The iPhone 7 has also had its camera redesigned, with a much-rumoured second
lens being added to the larger iPhone 7 Plus that will enable users to capture
more zoomed images without losing picture quality. The lenses across the two
phones now contain a 12 megapixel sensor.

o READ MORE: {http://www.scotsman.com/business/companies/tech/first-fall-in-
iphone-sales-weighs-on-apple-revenues-1-4112096 | First fall in iPhone sales
weighs on Apple revenues | link to article}

Mr Cook said of the smartphone: "It has become the industry gold standard.

"iPhone is the phone by which all others are measured and it has become a
cultural phenomenon."

In July, the tech giant said it had sold the one billionth unit of the device,
while Mr Cook said the Apple Watch was now the world's second most popular watch
brand and most popular smartwatch.

Analysts said last night the new iPhones could help Apple recover modestly from
a recent dip in sales. But with few expected dramatic changes from previous
models, Apple watchers aren't expecting the kind of big spikes in consumer
demand that the company saw two years ago, when it introduced larger screens.

Apple sold nearly 92 million iPhones during the first six months of this year,
about 15 per cent fewer than the same period last year.

{https://www.facebook.com/scotsmanbusiness/ | Click here to Like' The Scotsman
Business on Facebook | Link to Facebook page}

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             974 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils water resistant iPhone7

BYLINE: Angus Howarth

LENGTH: 433  words


The next generation of the iPhone has been revealed, with the technology giant
doing away with the headphone port and adding a second camera on the rear of the
device.

A new version of the Apple Watch, called the Series 2 and with greater focus on
health and exercise tracking, was also announced, including a special Nike+
version for ­runners.

o READ MORE:
{http://www.scotsman.com/news/world/apple-boss-slams-eu-s-11bn-tax-ruling-as-pol
itical-crap-1-4218575| Apple boss slams EU's £11bn tax ruling as political crap'
| link to article}

The Watch, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will go on sale on 16 September, with
pre-orders for the devices beginning tomorrow. The iPhone 7 will start at £599
in the UK for the 32GB model, which makes it £60 more expensive than the iPhone
6s.

Instead of the traditional headphone connection, iPhone packages will now come
with earphones that fit into the phone's Lighting port, currently used for
charging and data transfer.

However, Apple also revealed new wireless earphones, called AirPods, that will
connect to both iPhone and Apple Watch remotely. An adaptor that enables
traditional headphones to continue to plug into the iPhone will also be included
in the box.

The iPhone 7 has also had its camera redesigned, with a much-rumoured second
lens being added to the larger iPhone 7 Plus that will enable users to capture
more zoomed images without losing picture quality. The lenses across the two
phones now contain a 12 megapixel sensor.

o READ MORE: {http://www.scotsman.com/business/companies/tech/first-fall-in-
iphone-sales-weighs-on-apple-revenues-1-4112096 | First fall in iPhone sales
weighs on Apple revenues | link to article}

Mr Cook said of the smartphone: "It has become the industry gold standard.

"iPhone is the phone by which all others are measured and it has become a
cultural phenomenon."

In July, the tech giant said it had sold the one billionth unit of the device,
while Mr Cook said the Apple Watch was now the world's second most popular watch
brand and most popular smartwatch.

Analysts said last night the new iPhones could help Apple recover modestly from
a recent dip in sales. But with few expected dramatic changes from previous
models, Apple watchers aren't expecting the kind of big spikes in consumer
demand that the company saw two years ago, when it introduced larger screens.

Apple sold nearly 92 million iPhones during the first six months of this year,
about 15 per cent fewer than the same period last year.

{https://www.facebook.com/scotsmanbusiness/ | Click here to Like' The Scotsman
Business on Facebook | Link to Facebook page}

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SWTS


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             975 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                     September 16, 2013 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 5 Vs iPhone 5C!

BYLINE: Prasid Banerjee

LENGTH: 391  words


Many iPhone users have been planning to switch to iPhone 5C, but if you have the
iPhone 5, then should you go for the iPhone 5C? Let's find out.

Monday, September 16, 2013: Since the 10 September launch of the iPhone 5S and
5C, consumers in India have been impatiently waiting for the devices to make
their debut in the country. The devices, the iPhone 5C, in particular, have
sparked quite the debate in the country. The big question everyone asks is, is
it cheap enough for us? While the iPhone 5S takes the throne as the company's
flagship device, the iPhone 5C is the one aimed at markets like India. Many
iPhone users have been planning to switch, but if you have the iPhone 5, then
should you go for the iPhone 5C? Let's find out.

We'll talk about the iPhone 5, 4S and 4 users here in this article. For iPhone 5
users, going for the iPhone 5C isn't exactly going to be an upgrade. Except the
iOS 7, there's not much that you will get and the OS update will come for your
device anyway. It is true, the iPhone 5 and iPhone 5C are basically the same
phones, with the body being the best differentiating factor. Here, your iPhone 5
has Apple's trademark metal body, while the 5C has the polycarbonate body. Yes,
it offers more colours, but still, not a good enough reason to switch.

Further, both the devices have the same Apple A6 processors and displays. There
is a difference in terms of the battery life where the iPhone 5C offers two
hours of extra battery life as compared to its predecessor, but carrying your
charger around with you is still a better idea. If you're looking to upgrade to
the iPhone 5S, then you're making a much better investment. The new flagship not
only gives you the iOS 7 and iWorks apps, it also brings the all new 64 bit A7
processor. Plus, it supports Open GL ES 3.0

The iPhone 5C may very well not be cheap enough, but if you're using the iPhone
4 or 4S, then you really do need an upgrade now. Yes, the iOS 7 is coming to
your phone too, but your phone is still going obsolete soon. For you, the iPhone
5C is a good option. Here, you're getting a batter camera, the better A6
processor and a bigger screen. The colour options now become an added bonus.

Apple users are known to be loyal to the company. So, all this is assuming that
you don't care about what the price of your device is, just as long as it is
Apple.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2013 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             976 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

All eyes on Apple as they unveil their latest and greatest tonight

BYLINE: Karrishma Modhy

LENGTH: 666  words


With both Samsung and Apple having faced their share of recent hiccups, all eyes
are on Tim Cook to unveil something truly path breaking!

Today's the big day -- Apple is in all likelihood poised to unveil their latest
and greatest, the iPhone 7. CEO Tim Cook will be making the necessary
announcements at an event in San Francisco tonight at 10:30PM IST. According to
all the rumors thus far, the 7th gen iPhone is expected to be a significant
upgrade over its predecessors. Let's quickly take a look at what the rumour
mills are busy churning out in the ramp up to the launch.

iPhone 7: What's doing the rounds so far

To start, the iPhone 7 will most likely sport a 4.7-inch screen and its branded
'Retina HD Display', with a 7501334 pixel resolution. It could very well be
powered by a new A10 chipset, clocked at up to 2.4GHz and paired with 2GB of
RAM. The company is rumored to be offering three storage options: 32GB, 128GB,
and 256GB -- the low-end 16GB variant may finally go away. On the camera front,
Apple might just continue with the same 12MP camera currently seen on the iPhone
6s but with an improved the sensor along with a better six-element lens, and
could add a protective shield around the phone lens to have it better withstand
physical damage.

One of the biggest rumours is that Apple may, well and truly, be ditching the
ubiquitous 3.5mm headphone jack, and will instead introduce the digital-only
Lightning connected earpods for a heightened audio experience. The new iPhones
could come in five color options: Silver, Gold, Rose Gold, along with a "dark
black" color variant which will mostly replace the Space Grey option. A newer
color might be unveiled tonight, which may be something known as 'piano black'.

iPhone 6 touchscreen woes

If Samsung is heartbroken over their Galaxy Note 7 battery explosions, Apple has
had their share of goof ups too: a recent lawsuit filed in the Silicon Valley
federal court accused Apple of knowingly selling defective iPhone 6 models with
screens that stop responding to touch. The issue, coined as "touch disease" was
causing unresponsive screens, along with a flickering gray bar that appears at
top of the display. To make matters worse, Apple refused to repair iPhones free
of charge, despite being aware that it may have been an inherent design flaw.

Viewers and investors are bound to look to Tim Cook to address this issue of
reliability during his keynote today -- it could just be one of the most
significant parts of the event, given that there's an upcoming line of Apple
phones that would need to win the trust of the broader set of Apple buyers that
exclude die-hard enthusiasts.

Although KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo -- one of the most prolific and
accurate predictors of iPhone launch details -- believes iPhone 7 shipments will
be below that of the iPhone 6s through the end of the year, coming in at 60-65
million compared to 82 million last year.

Samsung's loss, Apple's timely gift?

When Samsung unveiled the Galaxy Note 7 a few weeks ago, they staked claim to a
significant timing advantage. But the recent turn of events with Samsung needing
to replace all 2.5 million units of their flagship device just weeks after its
release due to the unfortunate issue of the exploding batteries, this could well
work in favor of Apple. Reports also indicate that the company has informed
iPhone 7 component suppliers and manufacturing partners to boost production by
10 percent.

As Galaxy Note 7 owners need to wait for two weeks before they get their hands
on a replacement device, Apple's increased production (along with an alluring
set of specs) could prove advantageous as many fence-sitters may simply choose
to jump ship to the iPhone 7 instead of waiting out their Note 7 replacement.

With both companies tied in terms of last-minute pitfalls, it all boils down to
what exactly is unveiled in San Francisco tonight. Be sure to follow us as we
cover it live on dnaindia.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             977 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

Apple cuts iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s+ prices by Rs 22,000 in India

LENGTH: 353 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Sept. 15 -- In what can surely be termed the biggest price cut ever
by smartphone giant Apple in India, the company has slashed the prices of its
smartphones by as much as Rs 22,000. Apple iPhone 6S (128GB), which carries an
MRP of Rs 82,000 so far, will now be available at an MRP of Rs 60,000 after a
price drop of Rs 22,000.

The bigger-screen variant of iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus (128GB) will now be
available at an MRP of Rs 70,000. The smartphone too has recieved a price cut of
Rs 22,000.

Apple's 4-inch smartphone iPhone SE, launched earlier this year, too has got a
price cut. The 64GB version of iPhone SE, currently sporting a price tag of Rs
49,000 will now be available at Rs 44,000.

The price cuts come as the India launch of the company's latest iPhones --
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus -- nears. Apple will launch the new iPhones in India
on October 7. Though Apple has not yet officially started the pre-orders for the
two phones, several resellers of the company like IWorld have already started
accepting the pre-bookings for the device.

Apple launched iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in India in October last year.
TheApple iPhone 6s (16GB) launched at a price of Rs 62,000, while iPhone 6s Plus
(16GB) had an MRP of Rs 72,000.

Both the iPhones come with 3D Touch and 2GB RAM. Both iPhone 6s and 6s Plus
sport 12-megapixel iSight camera, capable of shooting 4K videos. The front
FaceTime camera is 5-megapixels.

Both iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus feature faster-second-generation TouchID
sensor and are made of tough aircraft grade aluminium, same as Samsung Galaxy S6
and S6 edge. Under the hood is the new 64-bit A9 chipset that is 70 per cent
faster at carrying out processes than the one seen in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus. Similarly, the graphics processing too is said to have jumped 90 per cent
aided by a new graphics processor versus previous-generation models, according
to a news agency.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                             978 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Mercury News (California)

                             August 29, 2016 Monday

Apple's Sept. 7 event expected to unveil small changes to the iPhone line

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 339 words


Apple announced it will have an event on Wednesday, Sept. 7 at the Bill Graham
Auditorium in San Francisco.

The invitation, which includes an image of swirling, out-of-focus, multi-colored
lights, didn't offer a major hint at what the company plans to discuss. "See you
on the 7th" is all it said.

Apple's understated invitation comes at a critical time for the iPhone maker.
Sales of the iPhone, which represent two-thirds of the firm's annual revenue,
have been down in recent quarters. One possible reason: Users are upgrading
their phones less frequently.

Even under pressure to revive interest in the iPhone in the Christmas shopping
season, Apple appears to be planning small tweaks to the newest line of devices,
which would be the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus if the firm keeps with the same naming
pattern.

The new devices reportedly will have the same look as iPhone 6S and 6S Plus but
with an improved camera and possibly a new home button that vibrates to the
touch.

A dual-lens camera for the iPhone could allow users to "allow for different
focusing tricks such as the blurry background Apple has in its invite," reports
Recode .

Perhaps the biggest change to the iPhone will be getting rid of the headphone
jack, if rumors prove true. If this happens, owners of the newest iPhones will
have to rely on Bluetooth-enabled headsets. One possible reason for the change
may be to create a bit more room in order to boost the phone's battery, CNET
reported.

The Apple Watch line is expected to be updated. Rumors are split about whether
Apple will unveil new MacBook Pros at this event.

The firm may be skipping a major redesign of the iPhone this year and instead
focusing on unveiling a new line in 2017, using the device's 10th anniversary to
generate more excitement. An all-glass model with wireless charging may be in
the works.

Image: Invitation to the Apple Sept. 7, 2016 event at the Bill Graham Auditorium
in San Francisco.

The post Apple's Sept. 7 event expected to unveil small changes to the iPhone
line appeared first on SiliconBeat .

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             979 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                          September 10, 2016 Saturday

'Costly' iPhone 7 tickles Indoreans' funny bone

SECTION: INDORE

LENGTH: 196 words


INDORE: The launch of the expensive iPhone 7 seems to have upped the humour
quotient among the people in city, who just can't refrain from having a go at
the 'ridiculous' price tag. Amid the iPhone craze that is gripping the city,
many have chosen not to go by the hype. They even have begun cracking jokes on
the price of the smartphone.From Bollywood songs to funny memes, Indoreans are
trying all means to mock the high price using WhatsApp, Facebook and Twitter.
"RIP to my bank account," posted Dristi Agarwal, which has turned out to be of
the most liked posts on Facebook. Some are comparing other smartphones to show
how 'love for iPhone is blind'. Tweets and posts like "iPhone is the Salman Khan
of the mobile world" and "iPhone 7 costs more than what Harman Baweja earned
from his Bollywood career" are becoming more and more popular. The iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 plus will be available in India from October 7 with prices starting
from Rs 60,000.The newly launched iWatch also seems to be a Diwali favourite
with Indoreans. "Last year I had sold one kidney and this year it seems I will
have to sell another one," posted Sumit Ranjan.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             980 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils iPhone 7 and more Unveils: Faster processor, better camera

BYLINE: By Brandon Bailey and Michael Liedtke AP Technology Writers

SECTION: NATION_; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 933 words


SAN FRANCISCO -- Apple's latest iPhone may be more notable for what's missing
from previous models than what's being added. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus unveiled
Wednesday won't have an analog headphone jack -- a longtime staple in just about
every consumer electronics device that can play audio.

In doing so, Apple is betting that its legions of loyal fans will embrace the
shift to wireless headphones -- or, if they insist on sticking with their old
ways, that they won't mind using earbuds that plug into the iPhone's power port,
or older headsets in conjunction with a new adapter.

The redesigned earbuds -- with cord -- will be included with the new iPhones.
Also in the box: an adapter consisting of two plugs connected by a short length
of cable, which will connect older headphones to the charging port.

But Apple is trying to push consumers to cut the cord with their headphones and
make the leap into what it envisions as a "wireless future."

"The reason to move on is courage," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice
president of worldwide marketing. "The courage to move on and do something new
that will benefit all of us."

As part of the transition, Apple also is introducing wireless "AirPods" that
will sell for $160.

Getting rid of the 3.5 millimeter headphone jack helped Apple make its new
iPhone slimmer, boost its battery lifetime and add other improvements, including
stereo speakers and a sharper camera. The iPhone 7 is also water

resistant, a popular feature that rivals such as Samsung Electronics already
have been offering.

Apple is trying to reverse its first decline in iPhone sales since the company's
late founder, Steve Jobs, unveiled the trendsetting device in 2007.

Apple sold nearly 92 million iPhones during the first six months of this year,
or about 15 percent fewer than the same period last year. Industry analysts
blame the downturn on last fall's uninspiring rollout of the iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus, neither of which included enough compelling feature to persuade consumers
to replace the phones that they already owned.

Now the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus may be plagued by the same syndrome.

Phone advances from Apple, Samsung and other smartphone makers in recent years
are becoming so run-of-the-mill that BGC analyst Colin Gillis says the industry
is gradually losing its ability to dazzle consumers. That's something Jobs was
famous for whenever he showed off new products.

In a Wednesday research note, Gillis predicted that shopping for a new
smartphones is becoming "like buying a microwave -- something people do, but not
a major event." He believes Apple's iPhone sales could decline by 5 percent
during the next year.

If that happens, it will be bad news for Apple, the world's most valuable
company. It relies on the iPhone for two-thirds of its revenue, partly because
the company hasn't been able to come up with another breakthrough innovation
under the leadership of CEO Tim Cook, Jobs' hand-picked successor.

Investors weren't very enthused about what they saw Wednesday. Apple's stock
shed 29 cents to $107.41 in late afternoon trading. The shares are stuck
slightly below their value a year ago when the last iPhone came out.

Piper Jaffray's Gene Munster is among the industry analysts predicting more
dramatic changes to the iPhone next fall to herald the 10-year anniversary of
the first model.

The most significant upgrades to this year's models include a faster processor
and a better camera, upgrades that Apple typically makes every year. The more
expensive and larger iPhone 7 Plus boasts the biggest change, with two digital
camera lenses. One will be for wide-angle views and the other will have
telephoto capabilities, which Apple says will zoom in by up to 10 times while
still providing the same clarity as a shot on the standard distance setting.

The new iPhones will debut Sept. 16 in the U.S., China and more than two dozen
other countries. Orders will start this Friday.

The phones will offer more storage than earlier models. As people store more
photos and video on their phones, Apple is taking a cue from rival phone makers
and offering its starter model with 32 gigabytes of storage. It's still priced
at $650 for the iPhone 7 and $770 for the larger Plus model.

Those who aren't getting a new iPhone will still see improvements with a new
mobile operating system called iOS 10. It will be available as free download
beginning Sept. 13. Among other things, the software will add more intelligence
to Apple services like Maps, Photos, the iPhone keyboard and Siri, the
voice-activated digital assistant.

The company also used Wednesday's showcase to introduce a new generation of its
smartwatches, which will include GPS tracking and enough water resistance to
swim with, part of its effort to boost sales in its newest product line.

The Apple Watch has been the only major new product released during Cook's
reign, and sales of the device so far have been lukewarm. The company hasn't
disclosed sales figures for the Internet-connected watch, but research firm IDC
estimates that Apple shipped 1.6 million watches in the April-June quarter, less
half the 3.6 million a year earlier.

The original model is getting a price cut, to $270, and will get a faster
processor. Series 2 will start at $370. The updates are coming Sept. 16.
Existing watches can get new software on Sept. 13.

The Apple Watch will get a popular new app later this year too. Niantic Labs,
the maker of the cultural sensation Pokemon Go, announced Tuesday that the game
will be released for the watch, building upon the apps that it already has
designed for the iPhone and Android devices.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Associated Press Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of
worldwide marketing, talks about the pricing on the new iPhone 7 during an event
to announce new products Wednesday in San Francisco.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             981 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Manawatu Standard (New Zealand)

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

A speedy evolution of the iPhone

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 874 words


The iPhone 7 appears boring but it's a serious update on a winning formula,
writes Henry Cooke.

--------------------

Prices iPhone 7

32GB: NZ$1199

128GB: NZ$1399

256GB: NZ$1599

iPhone 7S Plus

32GB: NZ$1429

128GB: NZ$1629

256GB: NZ$1829

--------------------

Apple's iPhone 7, which comes out on Friday in New Zealand, looks almost exactly
like an iPhone 6 or 6S.

It can't really do anything that those older phones can't. In fact, those older
phones can do something the news ones can't: connect to regular headphones
without an adaptor.

Yet after almost a week with both the 7 and the 7 Plus I'd happily recommend
them over the 6S for people who like iPhones.

These are both outstanding devices that improve on and underline what many
people love about other iPhones - the ease of use, the simplicity, the quality
of the apps, the excellent camera - and they are worth the difference in price
when compared to older models.

Look and feel

The iPhone 7 is not identical to the 6, but they aren't hard to confuse. You
basically get a very thin and very rounded aluminium pebble, with a screen
taking up most of one side.

Things do look a little different: the camera bump is softer, the plastic
antenna bands are gone from the back (they are tiny and on the side now), and
there are two new colour options: black and jet black.

The main change to the feel of the phone comes in the home button - which isn't
actually a button any more. It's a solid state contraption that doesn't actually
move when you press it, instead giving a short vibration that feels like you've
pressed it. That said, don't be scared off in the store: you do get used to it.

Also, the iPhone 7 isn't waterproof, technically, but it should survive a quick
dip (the specification says it should survive 30 minutes in water up to 1m
deep.)

The camera

I take photos on my phone like other people breathe. The new iPhones haven't
suddenly made all my photos perfect. But they are a lot better - particularly on
the iPhone 7 Plus, where a new second camera allows you to zoom in on things
with no loss of quality.

This optical 2x zoom (as opposed to digital zoom, where you are artificially
attempting to enhance a photo) is a dream to use. You tap a small button and the
view suddenly jumps to a telephoto view - the equivalent of a 56mm lens on an
old 35mm camera if you're a photography nerd. This makes for a much more tight
composition, allowing you to control what is and isn't in your photo to a much
greater degree, eliminating extraneous detail or the head of the person in front
of you. The camera on both phones is also notably improved in terms of sharpness
(that new f1.8 lens helps) and low-light performance.

Performance

This thing goes. Apps and folders of apps appear to open immediately, while I
was used to a teensy lag on my 6S. None of the apps I've tried have done that
annoying autoclose thing iPhones do instead of freezing.

Seriously: performance wise this feels like a more notable bump than any other
iPhone upgrade. Apple has said both phones are 40 per cent faster than the 6S
Plus and twice as fast as the 6.

Battery

Apple says their new fusion core processor should deliver 12 hours of internet
use for the regular 7 (two more than last time) and 13 for the 7 Plus (one
more). This is a pretty good improvement but it is clearly not game changing.
You're still going to need to charge it every day, and you're still going to get
a bit worried if you want to go out after work and keep using your phone
heavily.

A note on headphones

I understand why Apple opted to get rid of the headphone port, as I'm sure
you've read about. But it's pretty annoying, and the wireless headphones that
are coming out in October are some of my least favourite products Apple has put
out.

To recap: Apple still ship wired headphones in the box of the iPhone, ones that
look and sound like the old ones, but they plug into your lightning (charging)
port instead. I have used these out and about and they are absolutely fine. The
"AirPods", which are wireless, ship in October and will cost $269. At this point
they are definitely not something I would recommend.

Not a boring phone

So should you buy one? If you're sitting pretty on an iPhone 5S or below, or
thinking about switching over from Android, I would heartily recommend the 7 -
probably the 7 Plus, for that camera.

If you're on a 6 or 6S and don't find yourself actively frustrated with your
phone's speed or camera, you're probably okay. If you do quite like using your
phone as a camera, that second lens really is something of a gamechanger. And as
ever - if you're into Android, this phone probably won't change your mind,
although that performance is something to behold.

This is not as boring of an update as it may have looked last week. The speed
and camera improvements are intense and exciting, even if the headphone thing is
frustrating to many of us. This is, in my eyes, the best phone for most people,
one that can gives you essentially superhuman powers of recollection and
organisation that were impossible just a decade ago.

It's just that we don't find that interesting any more.

--------------------

CAPTION:

The iPhone 7, shown here in jet black. The phone is designed to survive 30
minutes in water up to 1m deep

Picture: REUTERS

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             982 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Southland Times (New Zealand)

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

A speedy evolution of the iPhone

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 874 words


The iPhone 7 appears boring but it's a serious update on a winning formula,
writes Henry Cooke.

--------------------

Prices iPhone 7

32GB: NZ$1199

128GB: NZ$1399

256GB: NZ$1599

iPhone 7S Plus

32GB: NZ$1429

128GB: NZ$1629

256GB: NZ$1829

--------------------

Apple's iPhone 7, which comes out on Friday in New Zealand, looks almost exactly
like an iPhone 6 or 6S.

It can't really do anything that those older phones can't. In fact, those older
phones can do something the news ones can't: connect to regular headphones
without an adaptor.

Yet after almost a week with both the 7 and the 7 Plus I'd happily recommend
them over the 6S for people who like iPhones.

These are both outstanding devices that improve on and underline what many
people love about other iPhones - the ease of use, the simplicity, the quality
of the apps, the excellent camera - and they are worth the difference in price
when compared to older models.

Look and feel

The iPhone 7 is not identical to the 6, but they aren't hard to confuse. You
basically get a very thin and very rounded aluminium pebble, with a screen
taking up most of one side.

Things do look a little different: the camera bump is softer, the plastic
antenna bands are gone from the back (they are tiny and on the side now), and
there are two new colour options: black and jet black.

The main change to the feel of the phone comes in the home button - which isn't
actually a button any more. It's a solid state contraption that doesn't actually
move when you press it, instead giving a short vibration that feels like you've
pressed it. That said, don't be scared off in the store: you do get used to it.

Also, the iPhone 7 isn't waterproof, technically, but it should survive a quick
dip (the specification says it should survive 30 minutes in water up to 1m
deep.)

The camera

I take photos on my phone like other people breathe. The new iPhones haven't
suddenly made all my photos perfect. But they are a lot better - particularly on
the iPhone 7 Plus, where a new second camera allows you to zoom in on things
with no loss of quality.

This optical 2x zoom (as opposed to digital zoom, where you are artificially
attempting to enhance a photo) is a dream to use. You tap a small button and the
view suddenly jumps to a telephoto view - the equivalent of a 56mm lens on an
old 35mm camera if you're a photography nerd. This makes for a much more tight
composition, allowing you to control what is and isn't in your photo to a much
greater degree, eliminating extraneous detail or the head of the person in front
of you. The camera on both phones is also notably improved in terms of sharpness
(that new f1.8 lens helps) and low-light performance.

Performance

This thing goes. Apps and folders of apps appear to open immediately, while I
was used to a teensy lag on my 6S. None of the apps I've tried have done that
annoying autoclose thing iPhones do instead of freezing.

Seriously: performance wise this feels like a more notable bump than any other
iPhone upgrade. Apple has said both phones are 40 per cent faster than the 6S
Plus and twice as fast as the 6.

Battery

Apple says their new fusion core processor should deliver 12 hours of internet
use for the regular 7 (two more than last time) and 13 for the 7 Plus (one
more). This is a pretty good improvement but it is clearly not game changing.
You're still going to need to charge it every day, and you're still going to get
a bit worried if you want to go out after work and keep using your phone
heavily.

A note on headphones

I understand why Apple opted to get rid of the headphone port, as I'm sure
you've read about. But it's pretty annoying, and the wireless headphones that
are coming out in October are some of my least favourite products Apple has put
out.

To recap: Apple still ship wired headphones in the box of the iPhone, ones that
look and sound like the old ones, but they plug into your lightning (charging)
port instead. I have used these out and about and they are absolutely fine. The
"AirPods", which are wireless, ship in October and will cost $269. At this point
they are definitely not something I would recommend.

Not a boring phone

So should you buy one? If you're sitting pretty on an iPhone 5S or below, or
thinking about switching over from Android, I would heartily recommend the 7 -
probably the 7 Plus, for that camera.

If you're on a 6 or 6S and don't find yourself actively frustrated with your
phone's speed or camera, you're probably okay. If you do quite like using your
phone as a camera, that second lens really is something of a gamechanger. And as
ever - if you're into Android, this phone probably won't change your mind,
although that performance is something to behold.

This is not as boring of an update as it may have looked last week. The speed
and camera improvements are intense and exciting, even if the headphone thing is
frustrating to many of us. This is, in my eyes, the best phone for most people,
one that can gives you essentially superhuman powers of recollection and
organisation that were impossible just a decade ago.

It's just that we don't find that interesting any more.

--------------------

CAPTION:

The iPhone 7, shown here in jet black. The phone is designed to survive 30
minutes in water up to 1m deep

Picture: REUTERS

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             983 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Taranaki Daily News (New Zealand)

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

A speedy evolution of the iPhone

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 874 words


The iPhone 7 appears boring but it's a serious update on a winning formula,
writes Henry Cooke.

--------------------

Prices iPhone 7

32GB: NZ$1199

128GB: NZ$1399

256GB: NZ$1599

iPhone 7S Plus

32GB: NZ$1429

128GB: NZ$1629

256GB: NZ$1829

--------------------

Apple's iPhone 7, which comes out on Friday in New Zealand, looks almost exactly
like an iPhone 6 or 6S.

It can't really do anything that those older phones can't. In fact, those older
phones can do something the news ones can't: connect to regular headphones
without an adaptor.

Yet after almost a week with both the 7 and the 7 Plus I'd happily recommend
them over the 6S for people who like iPhones.

These are both outstanding devices that improve on and underline what many
people love about other iPhones - the ease of use, the simplicity, the quality
of the apps, the excellent camera - and they are worth the difference in price
when compared to older models.

Look and feel

The iPhone 7 is not identical to the 6, but they aren't hard to confuse. You
basically get a very thin and very rounded aluminium pebble, with a screen
taking up most of one side.

Things do look a little different: the camera bump is softer, the plastic
antenna bands are gone from the back (they are tiny and on the side now), and
there are two new colour options: black and jet black.

The main change to the feel of the phone comes in the home button - which isn't
actually a button any more. It's a solid state contraption that doesn't actually
move when you press it, instead giving a short vibration that feels like you've
pressed it. That said, don't be scared off in the store: you do get used to it.

Also, the iPhone 7 isn't waterproof, technically, but it should survive a quick
dip (the specification says it should survive 30 minutes in water up to 1m
deep.)

The camera

I take photos on my phone like other people breathe. The new iPhones haven't
suddenly made all my photos perfect. But they are a lot better - particularly on
the iPhone 7 Plus, where a new second camera allows you to zoom in on things
with no loss of quality.

This optical 2x zoom (as opposed to digital zoom, where you are artificially
attempting to enhance a photo) is a dream to use. You tap a small button and the
view suddenly jumps to a telephoto view - the equivalent of a 56mm lens on an
old 35mm camera if you're a photography nerd. This makes for a much more tight
composition, allowing you to control what is and isn't in your photo to a much
greater degree, eliminating extraneous detail or the head of the person in front
of you. The camera on both phones is also notably improved in terms of sharpness
(that new f1.8 lens helps) and low-light performance.

Performance

This thing goes. Apps and folders of apps appear to open immediately, while I
was used to a teensy lag on my 6S. None of the apps I've tried have done that
annoying autoclose thing iPhones do instead of freezing.

Seriously: performance wise this feels like a more notable bump than any other
iPhone upgrade. Apple has said both phones are 40 per cent faster than the 6S
Plus and twice as fast as the 6.

Battery

Apple says their new fusion core processor should deliver 12 hours of internet
use for the regular 7 (two more than last time) and 13 for the 7 Plus (one
more). This is a pretty good improvement but it is clearly not game changing.
You're still going to need to charge it every day, and you're still going to get
a bit worried if you want to go out after work and keep using your phone
heavily.

A note on headphones

I understand why Apple opted to get rid of the headphone port, as I'm sure
you've read about. But it's pretty annoying, and the wireless headphones that
are coming out in October are some of my least favourite products Apple has put
out.

To recap: Apple still ship wired headphones in the box of the iPhone, ones that
look and sound like the old ones, but they plug into your lightning (charging)
port instead. I have used these out and about and they are absolutely fine. The
"AirPods", which are wireless, ship in October and will cost $269. At this point
they are definitely not something I would recommend.

Not a boring phone

So should you buy one? If you're sitting pretty on an iPhone 5S or below, or
thinking about switching over from Android, I would heartily recommend the 7 -
probably the 7 Plus, for that camera.

If you're on a 6 or 6S and don't find yourself actively frustrated with your
phone's speed or camera, you're probably okay. If you do quite like using your
phone as a camera, that second lens really is something of a gamechanger. And as
ever - if you're into Android, this phone probably won't change your mind,
although that performance is something to behold.

This is not as boring of an update as it may have looked last week. The speed
and camera improvements are intense and exciting, even if the headphone thing is
frustrating to many of us. This is, in my eyes, the best phone for most people,
one that can gives you essentially superhuman powers of recollection and
organisation that were impossible just a decade ago.

It's just that we don't find that interesting any more.

--------------------

CAPTION:

The iPhone 7, shown here in jet black. The phone is designed to survive 30
minutes in water up to 1m deep

Picture: REUTERS

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             984 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Waikato Times (Hamilton, New Zealand)

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

A speedy evolution of the iPhone

SECTION: BUSINESS; NATIONAL; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 874 words


The iPhone 7 appears boring but it's a serious update on a winning formula,
writes Henry Cooke.

--------------------

Prices iPhone 7

32GB: NZ$1199

128GB: NZ$1399

256GB: NZ$1599

iPhone 7S Plus

32GB: NZ$1429

128GB: NZ$1629

256GB: NZ$1829

--------------------

Apple's iPhone 7, which comes out on Friday in New Zealand, looks almost exactly
like an iPhone 6 or 6S.

It can't really do anything that those older phones can't. In fact, those older
phones can do something the news ones can't: connect to regular headphones
without an adaptor.

Yet after almost a week with both the 7 and the 7 Plus I'd happily recommend
them over the 6S for people who like iPhones.

These are both outstanding devices that improve on and underline what many
people love about other iPhones - the ease of use, the simplicity, the quality
of the apps, the excellent camera - and they are worth the difference in price
when compared to older models.

Look and feel

The iPhone 7 is not identical to the 6, but they aren't hard to confuse. You
basically get a very thin and very rounded aluminium pebble, with a screen
taking up most of one side.

Things do look a little different: the camera bump is softer, the plastic
antenna bands are gone from the back (they are tiny and on the side now), and
there are two new colour options: black and jet black.

The main change to the feel of the phone comes in the home button - which isn't
actually a button any more. It's a solid state contraption that doesn't actually
move when you press it, instead giving a short vibration that feels like you've
pressed it. That said, don't be scared off in the store: you do get used to it.

Also, the iPhone 7 isn't waterproof, technically, but it should survive a quick
dip (the specification says it should survive 30 minutes in water up to 1m
deep.)

The camera

I take photos on my phone like other people breathe. The new iPhones haven't
suddenly made all my photos perfect. But they are a lot better - particularly on
the iPhone 7 Plus, where a new second camera allows you to zoom in on things
with no loss of quality.

This optical 2x zoom (as opposed to digital zoom, where you are artificially
attempting to enhance a photo) is a dream to use. You tap a small button and the
view suddenly jumps to a telephoto view - the equivalent of a 56mm lens on an
old 35mm camera if you're a photography nerd. This makes for a much more tight
composition, allowing you to control what is and isn't in your photo to a much
greater degree, eliminating extraneous detail or the head of the person in front
of you. The camera on both phones is also notably improved in terms of sharpness
(that new f1.8 lens helps) and low-light performance.

Performance

This thing goes. Apps and folders of apps appear to open immediately, while I
was used to a teensy lag on my 6S. None of the apps I've tried have done that
annoying autoclose thing iPhones do instead of freezing.

Seriously: performance wise this feels like a more notable bump than any other
iPhone upgrade. Apple has said both phones are 40 per cent faster than the 6S
Plus and twice as fast as the 6.

Battery

Apple says their new fusion core processor should deliver 12 hours of internet
use for the regular 7 (two more than last time) and 13 for the 7 Plus (one
more). This is a pretty good improvement but it is clearly not game changing.
You're still going to need to charge it every day, and you're still going to get
a bit worried if you want to go out after work and keep using your phone
heavily.

A note on headphones

I understand why Apple opted to get rid of the headphone port, as I'm sure
you've read about. But it's pretty annoying, and the wireless headphones that
are coming out in October are some of my least favourite products Apple has put
out.

To recap: Apple still ship wired headphones in the box of the iPhone, ones that
look and sound like the old ones, but they plug into your lightning (charging)
port instead. I have used these out and about and they are absolutely fine. The
"AirPods", which are wireless, ship in October and will cost $269. At this point
they are definitely not something I would recommend.

Not a boring phone

So should you buy one? If you're sitting pretty on an iPhone 5S or below, or
thinking about switching over from Android, I would heartily recommend the 7 -
probably the 7 Plus, for that camera.

If you're on a 6 or 6S and don't find yourself actively frustrated with your
phone's speed or camera, you're probably okay. If you do quite like using your
phone as a camera, that second lens really is something of a gamechanger. And as
ever - if you're into Android, this phone probably won't change your mind,
although that performance is something to behold.

This is not as boring of an update as it may have looked last week. The speed
and camera improvements are intense and exciting, even if the headphone thing is
frustrating to many of us. This is, in my eyes, the best phone for most people,
one that can gives you essentially superhuman powers of recollection and
organisation that were impossible just a decade ago.

It's just that we don't find that interesting any more.

--------------------

CAPTION:

The iPhone 7, shown here in jet black. The phone is designed to survive 30
minutes in water up to 1m deep

Picture: REUTERS

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             985 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Dominion Post (Wellington, New Zealand)

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday

A solemn, speedy evolution of the iPhone

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 874 words


The iPhone 7 appears boring but it's a serious update on a winning formula,
writes Henry Cooke.

--------------------

Prices iPhone 7

32GB: NZ$1199

128GB: NZ$1399

256GB: NZ$1599

iPhone 7S Plus

32GB: NZ$1429

128GB: NZ$1629

256GB: NZ$1829

--------------------

Apple's iPhone 7, which comes out on Friday in New Zealand, looks almost exactly
like an iPhone 6 or 6S.

It can't really do anything that those older phones can't. In fact, those older
phones can do something the news ones can't: connect to regular headphones
without an adaptor.

Yet after almost a week with both the 7 and the 7 Plus I'd happily recommend
them over the 6S for people who like iPhones.

These are both outstanding devices that improve on and underline what many
people love about other iPhones - the ease of use, the simplicity, the quality
of the apps, the excellent camera - and they are worth the difference in price
when compared to older models.

Look and feel

The iPhone 7 is not identical to the 6, but they aren't hard to confuse. You
basically get a very thin and very rounded aluminium pebble, with a screen
taking up most of one side.

Things do look a little different: the camera bump is softer, the plastic
antenna bands are gone from the back (they are tiny and on the side now), and
there are two new colour options: black and jet black.

The main change to the feel of the phone comes in the home button - which isn't
actually a button any more. It's a solid state contraption that doesn't actually
move when you press it, instead giving a short vibration that feels like you've
pressed it. That said, don't be scared off in the store: you do get used to it.

Also, the iPhone 7 isn't waterproof, technically, but it should survive a quick
dip (the specification says it should survive 30 minutes in water up to 1m
deep.)

The camera

I take photos on my phone like other people breathe. The new iPhones haven't
suddenly made all my photos perfect. But they are a lot better - particularly on
the iPhone 7 Plus, where a new second camera allows you to zoom in on things
with no loss of quality.

This optical 2x zoom (as opposed to digital zoom, where you are artificially
attempting to enhance a photo) is a dream to use. You tap a small button and the
view suddenly jumps to a telephoto view - the equivalent of a 56mm lens on an
old 35mm camera if you're a photography nerd. This makes for a much more tight
composition, allowing you to control what is and isn't in your photo to a much
greater degree, eliminating extraneous detail or the head of the person in front
of you.

The camera on both phones is also notably improved in terms of sharpness (that
new f1.8 lens helps) and low-light performance.

Performance

This thing goes. Apps and folders of apps appear to open immediately, while I
was used to a teensy lag on my 6S. None of the apps I've tried have done that
annoying autoclose thing iPhones do instead of freezing.

Seriously: performance wise this feels like a more notable bump than any other
iPhone upgrade. Apple has said both phones are 40 per cent faster than the 6S
Plus and twice as fast as the 6.

Battery

Apple says their new fusion core processor should deliver 12 hours of internet
use for the regular 7 (two more than last time) and 13 for the 7 Plus (one
more). This is a pretty good improvement but it is clearly not game changing.
You're still going to need to charge it every day, and you're still going to get
a bit worried if you want to go out after work and keep using your phone
heavily.

A note on headphones

I understand why Apple opted to get rid of the headphone port, as I'm sure
you've read about. But it's pretty annoying, and the wireless headphones that
are coming out in October are some of my least favourite products Apple has put
out.

To recap: Apple still ship wired headphones in the box of the iPhone, ones that
look and sound like the old ones, but they plug into your lightning (charging)
port instead. I have used these out and about and they are absolutely fine. The
"AirPods", which are wireless, ship in October and will cost $269. At this point
they are definitely not something I would recommend.

Not a boring phone

So should you buy one? If you're sitting pretty on an iPhone 5S or below, or
thinking about switching over from Android, I would heartily recommend the 7 -
probably the 7 Plus, for that camera.

If you're on a 6 or 6S and don't find yourself actively frustrated with your
phone's speed or camera, you're probably okay. If you do quite like using your
phone as a camera, that second lens really is something of a gamechanger. And as
ever - if you're into Android, this phone probably won't change your mind,
although that performance is something to behold.

This is not as boring of an update as it may have looked last week. The speed
and camera improvements are intense and exciting, even if the headphone thing is
frustrating to many of us. This is, in my eyes, the best phone for most people,
one that can gives you essentially superhuman powers of recollection and
organisation that were impossible just a decade ago.

It's just that we don't find that interesting any more.

--------------------

CAPTION:

The iPhone 7, shown here in jet black. The phone is designed to survive 30
minutes in water up to 1m deep

Picture: REUTERS

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             986 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday

A solemn, speedy evolution of the iPhone

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 874 words


The iPhone 7 appears boring but it's a serious update on a winning formula,
writes Henry Cooke.

--------------------

Prices iPhone 7

32GB: NZ$1199

128GB: NZ$1399

256GB: NZ$1599

iPhone 7S Plus

32GB: NZ$1429

128GB: NZ$1629

256GB: NZ$1829

--------------------

Apple's iPhone 7, which comes out on Friday in New Zealand, looks almost exactly
like an iPhone 6 or 6S.

It can't really do anything that those older phones can't. In fact, those older
phones can do something the news ones can't: connect to regular headphones
without an adaptor.

Yet after almost a week with both the 7 and the 7 Plus I'd happily recommend
them over the 6S for people who like iPhones.

These are both outstanding devices that improve on and underline what many
people love about other iPhones - the ease of use, the simplicity, the quality
of the apps, the excellent camera - and they are worth the difference in price
when compared to older models.

Look and feel

The iPhone 7 is not identical to the 6, but they aren't hard to confuse. You
basically get a very thin and very rounded aluminium pebble, with a screen
taking up most of one side.

Things do look a little different: the camera bump is softer, the plastic
antenna bands are gone from the back (they are tiny and on the side now), and
there are two new colour options: black and jet black.

The main change to the feel of the phone comes in the home button - which isn't
actually a button any more. It's a solid state contraption that doesn't actually
move when you press it, instead giving a short vibration that feels like you've
pressed it. That said, don't be scared off in the store: you do get used to it.

Also, the iPhone 7 isn't waterproof, technically, but it should survive a quick
dip (the specification says it should survive 30 minutes in water up to 1m
deep.)

The camera

I take photos on my phone like other people breathe. The new iPhones haven't
suddenly made all my photos perfect. But they are a lot better - particularly on
the iPhone 7 Plus, where a new second camera allows you to zoom in on things
with no loss of quality.

This optical 2x zoom (as opposed to digital zoom, where you are artificially
attempting to enhance a photo) is a dream to use. You tap a small button and the
view suddenly jumps to a telephoto view - the equivalent of a 56mm lens on an
old 35mm camera if you're a photography nerd. This makes for a much more tight
composition, allowing you to control what is and isn't in your photo to a much
greater degree, eliminating extraneous detail or the head of the person in front
of you.

The camera on both phones is also notably improved in terms of sharpness (that
new f1.8 lens helps) and low-light performance.

Performance

This thing goes. Apps and folders of apps appear to open immediately, while I
was used to a teensy lag on my 6S. None of the apps I've tried have done that
annoying autoclose thing iPhones do instead of freezing.

Seriously: performance wise this feels like a more notable bump than any other
iPhone upgrade. Apple has said both phones are 40 per cent faster than the 6S
Plus and twice as fast as the 6.

Battery

Apple says their new fusion core processor should deliver 12 hours of internet
use for the regular 7 (two more than last time) and 13 for the 7 Plus (one
more). This is a pretty good improvement but it is clearly not game changing.
You're still going to need to charge it every day, and you're still going to get
a bit worried if you want to go out after work and keep using your phone
heavily.

A note on headphones

I understand why Apple opted to get rid of the headphone port, as I'm sure
you've read about. But it's pretty annoying, and the wireless headphones that
are coming out in October are some of my least favourite products Apple has put
out.

To recap: Apple still ship wired headphones in the box of the iPhone, ones that
look and sound like the old ones, but they plug into your lightning (charging)
port instead. I have used these out and about and they are absolutely fine. The
"AirPods", which are wireless, ship in October and will cost $269. At this point
they are definitely not something I would recommend.

Not a boring phone

So should you buy one? If you're sitting pretty on an iPhone 5S or below, or
thinking about switching over from Android, I would heartily recommend the 7 -
probably the 7 Plus, for that camera.

If you're on a 6 or 6S and don't find yourself actively frustrated with your
phone's speed or camera, you're probably okay. If you do quite like using your
phone as a camera, that second lens really is something of a gamechanger. And as
ever - if you're into Android, this phone probably won't change your mind,
although that performance is something to behold.

This is not as boring of an update as it may have looked last week. The speed
and camera improvements are intense and exciting, even if the headphone thing is
frustrating to many of us. This is, in my eyes, the best phone for most people,
one that can gives you essentially superhuman powers of recollection and
organisation that were impossible just a decade ago.

It's just that we don't find that interesting any more.

--------------------

CAPTION:

The iPhone 7, shown here in jet black. The phone is designed to survive 30
minutes in water up to 1m deep

Picture: REUTERS

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             987 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                           September 18, 2016 Sunday

The iPhone 7: More, with less

BYLINE: ANICK JESDANUN The Associated Press

SECTION: D; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 785 words


A

pple's new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are clearly improvements on their predecessors -
even if the biggest change is an omission (of the traditional headphone jack).
But are they improved enough to justify an upgrade?

If you're an iPhone user, it might depend on how long you've held onto your
iPhone. If you're a proud owner of the iPhone 6S or its plus-sized cousin, you
probably don't need to rush out for the 7. But the 7 includes enough cumulative
iPhone improvements from the past two years to tempt anyone clinging to an older
model.

For instance, the iPhone 7 is seriously water resistant; putting it under a
faucet for a few minutes merely muffled the speakers and made the touch screen
stop working until I dried it off. It's got louder speakers, a brighter screen
and, in the larger 7 Plus, a second camera lens - a low-powered but useful zoom.
Add to that a sharper 12 megapixel camera introduced with the 6S.

All iPhone 7 models come with twice the storage as the comparable 6S, at mostly
the same price. That's "mostly" because the $769 starting price for the larger
iPhone 7 Plus is $20 more than comparable past models. The regular iPhone 7
stays at $649. Both entry-level phones now have 32 gigabytes rather than 16.

LISTENING WIRED ...

Without the traditional headphone jack, wired headphones plug into the Lightning
port normally used for charging.

But the jack's disappearance doesn't present the problem you might expect, given
that iPhone 7 comes with a 3-inch-long adapter for your old headphones. A
replacement costs $9 if you lose it (I've misplaced one already in less than a
week).

To charge your phone while listening, you need a $99 battery case or a
third-party adapter. Neither is included. Also, your iPhone 7 headphones won't
work with any other device that uses the old-fashioned jack.

... AND UNWIRED

Of course, you can just go wireless, as Apple would love you to do. Its upcoming
$159 AirPods are two tiny inch-and-a-half Bluetooth earpieces designed to
integrate with Apple's software. Setting them up involves little more than
opening the case near your phone and tapping "Connect."

Audio plays automatically when you're wearing them, and pauses when you pop one
out to talk to someone. Double tapping on an earpiece let me ask the Siri voice
assistant to change the volume, rewind or check the weather. (They do look a
little like dangling earrings when you have them in.)

The AirPods picked up my voice pretty well, even when I spoke softly, and calls
sounded fine in controlled environments. Siri had some trouble when Shakira
blared in the background, but that's no different from using the phone in a loud
bar. The AirPods did stay in my ears through one bike ride and eight runs,
though one dropped out as I changed my shirt.

Apple promises five hours of continuous use; I got well over that, although
voice calls will eat up their tiny batteries much faster. You can double your
listening by using one AirPod at a time. The AirPods come in a case that
resembles a pack of dental floss; it also recharges the earpieces, extending
usage to 24 hours. The Lightning charging cord for your phone can recharge the
case, too.

But the AirPods seem remarkably easy to lose. The case helps, but I also lose
dental floss regularly. I also get careless with wired headphones; I've even run
a pair through the wash, which was no big deal since they cost $30. Of course,
you might be more careful with $160 accessories. Apple does plan to sell single
earpieces and the case separately, but hasn't announced prices.

The wired headphones that come with the 7 work just fine - and will cost $30 to
replace. Apple isn't promising better sound - at least for now - despite the
Lightning port's ability to deliver audio digitally. But third-party headsets
might be able to offer advanced features such as noise cancellation without
needing a separate battery.

AirPods will work with older iPhones once they get the free iOS 10 software
upgrade. Connect them once, and they'll work on iPads and Macs on the same
iCloud account, too.

BETTER IMAGES

While smartphone cameras have long offered zooming, these are typically done
with software tricks that degrade image quality. The iPhone 7 Plus has a second
lens that's a 2X optical zoom without any image degradation.

Twice the magnification might not sound like much, but it makes a big difference
when you're zeroing in on one aspect of a scene. If you then need "digital zoom"
- as those software tricks are known - you're at least starting out with a
sharper image. For close-ups, the zoom lens lets you step back to keep your
shadow out of the shot.

It's a shame the iPhone 7 doesn't have the second lens as well, but it might
take a few years for that to happen.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             988 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            October 24, 2016 Monday

Apple iPhone 7 Plus: Review; smartphone caters to all your needs, from camera to
battery

BYLINE: Nandagopal Rajan

LENGTH: 729  words


So, is the Apple iPhone 7 Plus the best smartphone you can buy? Given the hype
and expectation, you would want to think so. Also, the fact that the Samsung
Galaxy Note 7, Android's biggest bet this year, has pulled out adds a new
dimension to the game. In this review, we try and answer the questions you would
have before buying this flagship phone.

Apple launched two new phones in its iPhone 7 series. The iPhone 7 is an upgrade
on the iPhone 6s, while the iPhone 7 Plus will replace the iPhone 6s Plus and is
a larger, more capable phone. While the processing power of the two iPhone 7
devices is the same, the iPhone 7 Plus offers a much better camera with a dual
lens combo, which is clearly the USP of this phone. It also brings in a new
glossy jet black variant which has already become popular despite its tendency
to attract scratches as well as fingerprints. The phone does not have a 3.5 mm
jack for audio, and this space has been used to add a taptic engine inside and
an extra speaker outside, which makes it one of the loudest smartphones now.

What is the phone's best feature?

It has to be the camera of the iPhone 7 Plus. The dual lens combo at the
rear-the camera has a wide as well as a telephoto lens-uses some smart software
to give you amazing images. And the f1.8 aperture makes this one of the best
performing smartphone cameras in low light. The telephoto bit of the camera
gives you optical zoom of up to 2x which is without any noise at all. The
digital zoom lets you take this up to 10x using a really fast virtual dial.
However, there is a bit of noise to be encountered at the extreme end of this
zoom. The zoom and low-light capabilities are translated equally well when you
shoot 4K video making this a great handycam replacement.

Is this the most powerful smartphone?

The new iPhone series uses the A10 Fusion chip from Apple. This phone can have
any Android phone on the mat when it comes to scores. I could feel a significant
difference having moved to this review unit from an iPhone 6s Plus.

Apps open faster; switching between running apps is also swifter. There is a
significant boost when you play resource intensive games, and the graphics shine
more and are richer with more detail. Also, the taptic engine is adding a new
dimension to games and apps in the form of physical feedback across the phone.

Has the battery life improved?

The A10 Fusion processor is a mix of two high efficiency cores that are high
resource. So the battery of the new phone lasts much better, especially in
comparison to a year-old 6s Plus. With intense use on 4G, shooting video and
photos, the phone can last 12 hours. However, Apple devices start dropping
battery life with time. Be prepared to see a 25% drop by the end of the year.

Are there any issues?

We could not see any major issues. However, there is one quirk we noticed. The
camera, at times, takes a long while to be ready to click. This lag is often
long enough for you to take a screenshot. I guess Apple will need to update the
app to fix this. Also, the best feature of the camera is still not available to
regular users, although those in public beta can get it. The portrait mode which
uses the two cameras to create a bokeh effect will be available only later this
year.

A lot of people have been unhappy with Apple for dropping the 3.5mm jack in
favour of the lightning cable, which will now be used for audio too. This is not
such a big issue as Apple is offering a lightning headphone in the box as well
as an adapter in case you are stuck with an expensive headphone which you just
cannot let go of. But yes, there is a bit of an issue if you have to listen to
music while the phone is being charged. We hope that Apple's extensive
third-party ecosystem will kick in and come up with a fix soon.

Should you buy?

If you are looking for a top-end smartphone that really caters to all your
needs, then this is the phone for this year. However, if you are already on the
iPhone 6s series, this jump makes sense only if you are a hooked to smartphone
photography big time. Also, it makes more sense now to buy at least the 128GB
version as this extra storage has become relatively cheaper now. Whichever way
you look at it, the Apple iPhone 7 Plus is the best phone you can buy at the
moment. But it is not for everyone and is a premium device in every sense.

Estimated street price: Rs 72,000 onwards

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             989 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             coventrytelegraph.net

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 11:05 AM GMT

Forget the iPhone 7 and wait for the iPhone 8, say experts;
Tech giant reportedly holding back special features for 2017 model

BYLINE: By James Rodger

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 395 words


Apple have just launched their next smartphone - but some experts reckon you
should wait for the iPhone 8.

The iPhone 7 was launched on Wednesday, at an event streamed live across the
world from San Francisco.

But some critics say the new smartphone from the tech giant, which introduces a
raft of new features, is holding back some ground-breaking innovations.

Many have said that, since 2017 marks the tenth anniversary of the iPhone, the
company are set to keep some pioneering developments for next year's model -
which many expect to be called the iPhone 8.

As a result, many are suggesting that users hold off on buying the iPhone 7, and
wait another year before splashing out on a Apple handset.

iPhone messages set for MAJOR changes with iOS 10 - all you need to know

In other news, eagle-eyed social media users have noticed a disclaimer on
Apple's frequently asked questions which might put them off buying a new iPhone
in 'jet black'.

Fans have longed for a black device for years, but have always had to make do
with 'space grey' - until now.

But their hopes and dreams may be dashed in the coming months and years, as it
turns out that the high-gloss finish of the new colour phone is more prone to
showing up scratches.

Apple explains: "Its surface is equally as hard as other anodised Apple
products, however, its high shine may show fine micro-abrasions with use.

"If you are concerned about this, we suggest you use one of the many cases
available to protect your iPhone."

Best iPhone 6 and iPhone 6S deals after Apple launch iPhone 7

Recently, Apple has been facing issues in the form of the dreaded 'Touch
Disease', first spotted last week by gadget repair specialist iFixit.

According to reports, a growing number of customers have been sending their
iPhone 6 handsets in for repair after a grey, flickering bar appeared at the top
of their display.

Shortly after the appearance of this grey bar, the iPhone's touchscreen has
reportedly become unresponsive, rendering the device useless.

iFixit claims that the issue can be traced back to a structural design flaw in
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - meaning millions of handsets could potentially be
vulnerable.

Despite this revelation, it currently remains unclear how widespread the problem
is.

Several users have been left angry by their handset's vulnerability, with many
taking to the Apple website to report the issue.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBET


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             990 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                                 Early Edition

Apple hoping iPhone 7 will pump up sales; Tech giant's new smartphone features
some significant changes

BYLINE: Josh Mcconnell, Financial Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 815 words

DATELINE: SANFRANCISCO


Apple Inc. is hoping that significant and somewhat controversial internal
changes to its iPhone lineup will be enough to reverse a recent slump in sales.

The tech giant unveiled two new smartphones Wednesday during its annual fall
iPhone event at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco.

The smartphones, called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, include enhanced
cameras and processing power, water-and dirtresistant capabilities, a jet black
look and a redesigned home button.

But it is what isn't there that is garnering the most attention.

In a controversial and much anticipated move, the headphone jack has been
removed to free up space internally for other things such as another speaker to
provide stereo audio.

"Our smartphones are packed with technology where we want more ... and it is all
fighting for space in that enclosure," said Phil Schiller, Apple's senior
vice-president of worldwide marketing, from the stage.

Consumers will now have to use headphones designed to work with the existing
lightning port or an adapter that will allow old headphones to exist. There will
also be AirPod wireless headphones developed by Apple coming in October. "Our
team at Apple has worked hard to deal with the challenges that have been left
there and no one has taken on," Schiller said about wireless audio technology
and the need for innovation in the space.

While Apple executives called the move "courageous," there has been strong
criticism from customers reluctant to use an adapter for their existing
headphones, especially when some have spent hundreds of dollars on them.

Wednesday's rollout, with its mostly internal changes, marks the first time
Apple has stepped away from its strategy of conducting a major design overhaul
every two years.

The purpose of the change in timing was to fall in line with carrier contracts -
particularly in the U.S. - but as carriers begin to abandon the two-year
contract and opting for monthly payment options, Apple is reacting by focusing
on internal changes this year to drive revenue.

Apple has seen slumping iPhone sales for the last two quarters, which played a
role in ending the company's 13-year streak of quarterly revenue growth. In
April, the company said iPhone sales were down 16.3 per cent for the quarter to
slightly more than 51 million units. iPhone sales also fell 15 per cent last
quarter to more than 40 million units.

"What folks really lose perspective on is Apple is targeting a middle class and
up category," said Julie Ask, a vice-president and principal analyst at
Forrester Research who attended the event.

"We are at more than 70 or 75 per cent ownership in the United States and
Canada, so when you are reaching a point of saturation, you can't expect the
same kind of growth rates historically."

Aside from the usual processing power bump, both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
will have Retina HD screens for better colours and a redesigned home button
which isn't actually a button but relies on haptic feedback to feel like it is
being pressed.

The iPhone 7 will have a single 12-megapixel camera, while the Plus has two
side-by-side lenses that will allow for zooming into a scene without losing
picture quality and better depth of field.

"It's very obvious Apple doesn't want to win the race to the bottom, so they
don't need to be in the category of selling $50 smartphones," said Ask. "They
are sticking to their guns around how they think about consumer privacy, data
and products. The quality of the experience is of the utmost importance to them
and they seem to be sticking true to their values."

Also announced at the event was an upgraded Apple Watch line, which hasn't seen
a new iteration since its debut in April 2015. Called Apple Watch Series 2, the
device's upgrades are aimed at the fitness crowd, with a built-in GPS so users
can run without an iPhone and water resistance up to 50 metres for swimmers.
Prices for the new models start at $359, available Sept. 16. Apple is also
expanding partnerships with the Watch as it increases it reach to the fitness
and luxury markets. Announced Wednesday was the Apple Watch Nike+, which will
include exclusive Siri commands, new designs and better compatibility with
Nike's Nike+ Run Club app. Meanwhile highend retailer Hermès is releasing a line
of Apple Watch accessories that include new styles and colours.

The biggest surprise of the event came during its software portion, when
Nintendo's Shigeru Miyamoto appeared to announce a mobile game called Super
Mario Run, which will be coming to Apple's iOS first later this year. Nintendo's
shares jumped more than 20 per cent on the news.

Niantic CEO John Hanke also appeared and said the Apple Watch would be getting a
Pokemon Go app as well, adding that the popular app has been downloaded more
than 500 million times.

jomcconnell@postmedia.com !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Marcio Jose Sanchez, The Associated Press; The lightning port
of an iPhone 7 is shown during an event to announce new Apple products on
Wednesday in San Francisco. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus include enhanced
cameras and processing power.; Photos: Marcio Jose Sanchez, The Associated
Press/;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             991 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Siasat Daily (India)

                            October 8, 2016 Saturday

Telecom War: Airtel offers Apple iPhone 7 at Rs 19,990

LENGTH: 265 words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 8 -- As Reliance Jio have new 4G data offers in an attempt to
lure iPhone 7 buyers on to their mobile network. The country's no. 1 telecom
service provider Airtel is offering the new Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
smartphones on contract basis at a minimum down payment of Rs 19,990 and Rs
30,792, respectively.

Apple iPhone 7 starts at Rs 60,000 while the larger iPhone 7 Plus starts at
72,000 . Now the customers have to pay the Minimum Initial Payment for the
device and then pay Rs 1,999, Rs 2,499 or Rs 2,999 per month (for 12 months) to
avail 5GB, 10GB or 15GB 3G/4G data per month respectively for free and then
automatically get upgraded to the next iPhone in September 2017.

Bajaj Finance Ltd will finance the smartphone at 0% rate of interest. The plans
on offer are Rs 1,999 per month for 5GB of 3G/4G data, Rs 2,499 per month for
10GB of 3G/4G data and Rs 2,999 per month for 15GB of 3G/4G data. The postpaid
plan includes unlimited local and STD calling along with roaming.

After the validity of 12 months expires, users can either return the device to
Airtel and upgrade to the latest iPhone, or go for a lump sum balloon payment to
buy it completely subject to the terms and conditions of Airtel.

This offer is valid only for Airtel subscribers. Airtel will only take back the
iPhone 7 after 12 months if the physical condition of the device meets its
listed criteria.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Siasat Daily. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Siasat.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             992 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             March 14, 2014 Friday

Have an old iPhone? Update to iOS 7.1

BYLINE: Javed Anwer

SECTION: COMPUTING

LENGTH: 420 words


NEW DELHI: Faizal Khan, a media professional, updated iOS operating system on
his iPhone 4S several hours after Apple released the version 7.1 on Tuesday.
While he liked the slicker call reject and accept icons and a few other user
interface enhancements, one improvement that pleased him the most was how fast
the phone felt with the new phone.

"It is like an almost a new phone. It feels much faster, irrespective of what I
am doing on it," he said.

iPhone 4S wasn't a exactly slow phone even with the earlier version of iOS 7.
But users who upgraded their older iPhones - in particular iPhone 4 - from iOS 6
variants had found that iOS7 made their phone feel slower. In the case of iPhone
4, the result dismayed many users, who were used to the slick and fast
performance in an Apple product. After upgrading to iOS 7 they found their
iPhone 4 almost unusable.

With iOS 7.1, Apple has fixed many of these complaints. There are many users
like Faizal who still use iPhone 4 and iPhone 4S and they are finding that their
devices feel much better with iOS 7.1. The same is true for many users of iPad 2
and iPad 3, who found the earlier versions of iOS 7 slow and prone to poor
performance.

The main reason behind why older iPhones and iPads feel smoother is because
Apple has toned down the animations introduced in iOS 7 significantly in its
latest update. The animations while a user opens an app or switches to
multitasking are less elaborate. This makes the device feel faster as well as
possibly less of a drag on the older hardware used in the older iOS devices.

In its change log for iOS 7.1, Apple specifically says that the new update
features "improved performance for iPhone 4".

iPhone 4 users who have upgraded to iOS 7.1 seem to agree. "First impression
after updating my iPhone 4 to iOS 7.1: it does feel snappier. Faster
transitions, faster Control Centre, keyboard keeps up," Riccardo Mori, an iPhone
4 user, tweeted on Tuesday.

However, the iPhone 4 users still do not get some of the feature that reportedly
require better hardware. Effects like parallax on the home screen or 3D Flyover
and turn-by-turn navigation in Apple maps are not available to iPhone 4 users.
Also, given the older hardware in iPhone 4 and iPad 2, the performance issues
persist when fast processing and more computing performance is required. Even
with iOS 7.1, these devices feel slow if users start multitasking with apps like
browsers, games and cameras or if they scroll through lists too fast.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             993 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                Regional Edition

Don't worry, Apple hasn't ruined the iPhone

BYLINE: Hayley Tsukayama;

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 916 words


With the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, Apple has taken a risk by, well, not
changing very much. We have become accustomed to getting something new and
impressive from Apple every two years, but these phones are more renovation than
revelation.

But theatrics aside, the question that really matters is: Are these phones worth
buying? Apple provided me with an iPhone 7 and an iPhone 7 Plus, in its two new
shades of black. The firm also gave me a SIM card to use while reviewing the
devices.

Here is what I found out.

Design, storage and performance

Most of the noticeable changes are under the hood, but there are aesthetic
tweaks worth noting. The new black finishes are nice to look at, particularly
the shiny jet black. However, the latter also is a fingerprint magnet.

As far as weight and width, the phones feel about the same as their
predecessors.

Apple also redesigned the home button to be a button in name only; it is now a
pressure-sensitive disk that uses vibrations to feel like a button. Users can
customize the strength of the buzz to make it feel more or less clicky.

One improvement could be a big deal to those who have missed a critical photo
because they did not have room on their phone to take it. Apple has doubled the
storage on the base models of the new iPhones, which finally brings the company
up to par with its closest competitors in this area.

And consumers who may have worried that they were not going to get a speed or
processing boost over the iPhone 6 or the iPhone 6S can rest easy. Apps load
snappily and without lag.

How much water can these phones stand?

The phone can withstand about three feet of water for up to 30 minutes. But that
is not recommended.

Although the iPhone is able to withstand a quick dip in the sink or (as can
happen) in the toilet, it is not exactly waterproof. It has a lower
water-resistance rating than Samsung's Galaxy S7 line.

Basically, all Apple's water resistance means is that you do not have to weep if
your phone falls in a puddle. But if these phones get wet, you still cannot
completely ignore the mishap. Apple, in fact, recommends that you do not plug
the phone in for several hours if the power port takes a bath.

Battery life

Both phones have been designed to improve battery life. They can easily make it
through a day of regular use. In my use, the iPhone 7 Plus could have lasted
into the next morning if needed. But battery-intensive features such as
following directions on a map would still probably have you reaching for the
power cord sometime before bed.

Lights, camera, action

The camera is definitely the part of the iPhone that received the most attention
in these upgrades. Apple now includes four flashes instead of two.

The company also added features that prevent you from taking pictures that are
too shaky.

Photography fanatics may want the iPhone 7 Plus. The larger device has a dual
camera, which has a normal wide-angle lens and a second lens that Apple refers
to as a "telephoto" that improves the camera's ability to take close-up
pictures.

The zoom feature on the Plus is impressive. Apple has made it possible to zoom
in up to 10x for photos and 6x for videos at a much higher quality.

On both phones, lowlight photography has been improved significantly over even
the iPhone 6S, thanks to improved software and hardware that takes in more
light.

Apple also made changes to its speakers. The new iPhones produce more sound from
their now-stereo speakers, making it noticeably better to listen to music and
play games when you are not in a place that requires headphones.

About that headphone jack

Not everything about these phones is all sunshine. The removal of the headphone
jack has serious drawbacks for consumer convenience.

If you are flying on a plane, for example, and have only your Lightning or
Bluetooth headphones on hand, you will be out of luck for watching any in-flight
movies unless you want to buy another cable. Ditto if you use your audio jack to
plug into your car.

(Apple also is selling a $159 option for users, called AirPods.)

Apple includes a headphone jack adapter in every box, and the adapter fits
snugly on the end of a normal pair of earphones without too much trouble. Even
when I yanked the headphones out of the bottom of the phone, the adapter held
tight to the cord.

In terms of sound quality, I did not notice any great difference between the
Lightning headphones and the standard headphones that came with my last iPhone.

Conclusion

In almost any other case, on almost any other phone, the loss of the headphone
jack would be a dealbreaker, even with the excellent changes to other parts of
the phone. But this is the iPhone, and with iOS, Apple has built an overall
ecosystem that is hard to leave. So potential buyers have to think, first and
foremost, about whether it will be more annoying to switch over to an Android
phone with a port or to have to use an adapter on planes and in cars over the
next few years. For some, the loss of the headphone jack may make it feel as if
Apple made the iPhone worse.

Those with the iPhone 6 or earlier will feel best about updating; iPhone 6S
users can probably take or leave the update, based on the level of upgrades.

But overall, Apple's performance improvements, particularly to the camera, on
the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus make these phones feel like more of an upgrade
than they seem on paper. For me, at least, the updates ultimately edge out the
cons.

hayley.tsukayama@washpost.com

ï...OE Excerpted from washingtonpost.com/news/ the-switch

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             994 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                      September 5, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

What To Expect From Apple's Biggest Launch Of The Year

BYLINE: Team TechTree

LENGTH: 853  words


The iPhone 7 event be held on September 7 has already generated immense
excitement and curiosity in the tech universe.

The iPhone 7 event be held on September 7 has already generated immense
excitement and curiosity in the tech universe. Needless to say, half of the tech
enthusiasts are busy drawing up conclusions regarding what the features of the
iPhone 7 - what it will be like, especially as the company is doing away with
the 3.5mm headphone jack. Also, there is now a Twitter account of Apple, which
many believe, would live tweet the event, giving a detailed overview on social
media itself. Previously, the company has used its own blog to share updates. As
the buzz is getting stronger, we chalk out what tech enthusiasts should expect
from Apple's biggest launch of the year.

The curious case of the 3.5 mm jack

For some strange reason, the tech world seems to be obsessed about Apple iPhone
7 headphone jack, which traditionally has been the 3.5 mm fit seen thus far.
Everyone even remotely concerned with Apple, have been thinking whether the
company will continue with the headphone jack, or have other provisions for
headphones to be used, such as the Lightning port. There could also be a
secondary grille in place, or may be an additional speaker or microphone, where
the jack previously existed. Some renderings show special Bluetooth headsets and
earphones, with new designs to fit the human ear, without the need for a wired
connection, as well.

Multiple editions of iPhone 7

From the times of the iPhone 5, where it had 3 versions- the standard 5, the
premium 5s, and lower-end 5c, or even the iPhone 6- the smaller iPhone 6, to a
larger 6S+, it is natural that the speculations regarding multiple editions of
the phone could be headed our way. Perhaps a smaller 4.7-inch screen for the
iPhone 7 and a larger edition for the iPhone 7+, perhaps in the 5.5-inch screen
category? But as unpredictable as these things can get, Apple really likes to
keep things stored in till the last, and pull of a surprise.

The camera upgrade

Apple still manages to do a great deal with it's camera on the handsets. Most of
the 8Mp cameras on the current iPhone models manage to do a better, if not as
good a job as some of the 12 or 13MP cameras in the Android handsets. However,
there have been demands from the Apple fans with regards to optical image
stabilization (OIS), a 12MP masterpiece with even better imagery from Apple's
designing expertise, dual-lens setup for adding more details into the captured
photos and videos, or even 3D imaging. The dual lens setup could add to the
focal length reach of the camera, without adding bulk to the device, which Apple
iPhones are least likely to have anyways.

Apple, during it's Steve Jobs era, as known to introduce a device with a radical
change everytime around, so putting the guesses for a 3D image capability on the
iPhone won't be too far. But how much faith does the company have in 3D image
capturing, considering that the 3D shooters are highly priced, as the iPhone
itself being a premium buy in comparison, adding anything on the costs might
just alienate a few more users.

iOS 10 polishes

After Apple announced at the Developers' Conference in June this year, iOS 10 is
coming, and the iPhone 7 launch event seems to be the time when the audience
gets to witness it. Several changes are being wished for, including the 3D
touch, which will bring in many more apps and make the control center more
dynamic than before. Other expected enhancements include Snapchat-like features,
including stickers, doodles and even something called invisible ink, which will
allow an user to see the message only when they hover it, making it secure from
the public from viewing.

Other expectations include a new Maps application, new AI-powered set of Photo
tools (daily, auto-generated Memories galleries and the likes), spotlight
enhancements, and the ability to delete stock apps as well, in case one does not
need them. In other word, lesser the bulk, better the space for new apps and
speedy operations.

New Apple Watch

With the new Apple watch due for a while, September 7 is when the next edition
of the smart wear is expected to make an appearance. The iWatch 2 is supposed to
get some upgrades like the new Watch OS 3, which will have a new SOS feature
connected to emergency services, new apps to monitor breathing patterns of the
user, an enhanced GPS tracker for more closer fitness monitoring, and the
ability of watch users to directly log-in to their MacBook, without the
traditional methods used earlier. With IoT being even more popular by the day,
there is every reason that the universe of Apple, will be looking to step on it
with their tech craftsmanship earlier than the competitors.

Having said what has been said already, these are more or less wishful changes
that the universe of Apple users and tech enthusiasts are banking on. The list
could be more extensive, or it could just a few changes lesser, but Apple like
always, will keep the audience lingering on with the analysis of what is to
come, which will only be clear after the event on September 7.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             995 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Chennai Online

                          October 18, 2016 6:30 AM EST

Do you know, Apple iPhone 7 has 'hidden home button'

LENGTH: 209  words


What if the home button of your new iPhone 7 stops working? No worries, as
Apple's iPhone 7 home button has a virtual alternative that turns on
automatically if the physical button fails to perform.

According to the Apple-tracking website MacRumors, the virtual home button sits
neatly at the bottom of the iPhone 7's screen.

With the new iOS 10 in place, the iPhone 7 screen displays a message, saying
that "Home Button may need service and "onscreen Home Button" can be used in the
meantime.

"With the introduction of the iPhone 7, Apple did away with the classic
click-mechanism home button in favour of a 'solid-state' pressure sensitive one
that uses haptic feedback to mimic traditional button presses," the report
added.

The iPhone 7 home button was redesigned in 2016. The new home button is like a
sensor that can recognise a fingerprint and additional pressure.

"It also vibrates when a user presses the button, so he or she knows its
features have been activated," Fortune reported on Tuesday.

While the feature is technically hidden, it can be turned on whenever the
physical Home Button malfunctions.

Speculations are that Apple may finally move its home button into the glass on
its next iPhone variant - eliminating physical buttons once and for all.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


 Copyright 2016 Chennai Interactive Business Services (P) Ltd., distributed by
                                  Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             996 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                          September 11, 2013 Wednesday

Apple launches iPhone 5S and 5C models

SECTION: COMMERCIAL INSURANCE; Mobility

LENGTH: 357 words



HIGHLIGHT: Both are powered by the newly launched iOS 7.


Apple has introduced two new iPhone models: the top-end 5S and a low-cost 5C at
a launch event in California, US.

Claimed to be the most advanced iPhone yet, the new 5S model is powered by the
new iOS 7 and incorporates the new A7 chip and 64-bit technology, which boosts
performance during opening apps, editing photos, as well as playing
graphic-intensive games.

Features of the iPhone 5S include a new 8mp iSight camera and Touch ID
fingerprint sensor that enables secure unlocking of phone with a finger touch,
while also offers authentication for purchases from Apple's website.

Apple Worldwide Marketing senior vice president Philip Schiller said: "iPhone 5S
is the most forward-thinking smartphone in the world, delivering desktop class
architecture in the palm of your hand."

Apple's low cost-version iPhone 5C is also powered by iOS 7 and comes with a 4in
Retina display, A6 chip, and the 8mp iSight camera, in addition to more LTE
bands and new FaceTime HD camera.

"iPhone 5C is everything iPhone 5 was and more, in an all-new design packed with
great features," Schiller added.

Scheduled to go on sale from 20 September 2013 in the US, UK, China, Australia
and Canada, the new iPhone 5S will be offered in 16GB, 32GB and 64GB storage
versions, while iPhone 5C will be available with storage capacities of 16GB and
32GB respectively.

Apple also launched the new OS, iOS 7, boasting an upgraded user interface and
several new features, which include Control Center, Notification Center,
enhanced Multitasking, AirDrop, improved Siri, among several others.

Designed for both iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C, the new OS also comes with iTunes
Radio, which is a free Internet radio service based on the music you listen to
on iTunes.

The new OS can be downloaded as a free software update for existing iPhone 4, 4S
and 5 models, in addition to iPad, and iPod devices from 18 September 2013.

Apple Software Engineering senior vice president Craig Federighi said: "iOS 7 is
completely redesigned with an entirely new user interface and over 200 new
features, so it's like getting a brand new device, but one that will still be
instantly familiar to our users."

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             997 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           November 9, 2016 Wednesday

Apple rides Flipkart to push iPhone 7

BYLINE: Anand J

SECTION: INDIA BUSINESS

LENGTH: 386 words


Bengaluru: Apple's initiative to partner with an online firm, Flipkart, to sell
its latest iPhones during the festive season had a major impact on sales. The
channel contributed to around 50% of iPhone sales in October, partly because it
helped Apple to penetrate cities and towns where there are no Apple outlets and
which it has traditionally found difficult to reach. Apple shipped around 2.6
lakh units of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in October, said Cybermedia, a
technology research firm.Most of the online sales happened with exchange offers.

About 70% of these were Android phones being exchanged for iPhone 7s. Only 30%
were upgrades from previous-generation iPhones.The iPhone 7, priced at more than
Rs 60,000, helped Apple gain market share in the above-Rs 20,000 premium handset
category in October, according to several industry sources who did not want to
be named. During the first nine months of 2016, Apple had around 20% market
share in the above-Rs 20,000 handsets, according to Cybermedia. But in October,
this is said to have been significantly higher."There is a void due to problems
being faced by Samsung Note 7 in that space. The upcoming months should be
better for Apple," said Faisal Kawoosa, principal analyst (telecom), Cybermedia.
Globally, too, Apple is benefiting from the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 battery
explosions.Apple sells iPhones in India through distributors Redington Ingram
and Rashi Peripherals. Offline and online sellers have traditionally bought from
these distributors and then sold to consumers. For the first time this festive
season, Apple directly dealt with a major online retailer. A lot of emerging
brands sell mainly through online channels because of their reach, and because
this requires limited investments. Kawoosa, however, warned that online sales in
smaller cities could backfire on a brand like Apple because its service networks
in those cities and towns are not well established.Around 40% of India's
smartphones are sold through online channels. About 120 million smartphones are
sold in the country every year and Apple's share is less than 2%. Apple CEO Tim
Cook recently told investors and analysts that India will emerge as one of the
big markets for the company. Apple's China sales fell sharply in the last
quarter.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             998 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            October 8, 2016 Saturday

Airtel to bundle free data with iPhone 7, Plus

SECTION: INTERNET

LENGTH: 168 words


NEW DELHI: Bharti Airtel, India's top telco, will offer free data bundled with
Apple's new iPhones. "iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus users can enjoy 10 GB free
4G/3G data per month for one year with any Airtel Infinity postpaid plan," the
Sunil Bharti Mittal-controlled company said in a statement on Friday, when the
latest devices from Apple went on sale in India.

The free data will be in addition to plan benefits, the telco said. Officials
said the free data is worth some Rs 30,000 spread over a year. The iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus can be bought at retail shops or Airtel's official website.
Customers can enjoy the latest iPhones on Airtel's mobile broadband network with
bundles of data and unlimited voice calling with Infinity plans, said Ajai Puri,
Director Operations (India & South Asia).

The Infinity postpaid plans offer unlimited voice calling - local, STD and
national roaming - along with bundled 4G/3G data, SMS and free subscription to
Wynk music and Wynk movies.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             999 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            i-Independent Print Ltd

                               September 8, 2016
                                 First Edition

iPhone 7: the device that ends headphone use;
TECHNOLOGY

BYLINE: Rhiannon Williams IN SAN FRANCISCO

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 357 words


Apple has launched its latest generation of iPhones, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus, as the company makes a bold play to claw back valuable smartphone market
share.

The new handsets have a renewed focus on photography and waterproofing, and are
the first to come in jet black and black finishes, joining rose gold, gold and
silver in the colour spectrum. For the first time, the iPhones are dust- and
water-resistant, and will come in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB versions - double the
currently available iPhone 6s series. The iPhone 7 Plus features two 12MP camera
lenses to create a 2x zoom effect and composite high-quality images, while the
smaller iPhone 7 has a single improved 12MP lens.

Neither phone will feature a headphone jack, meaning traditional wired
headphones can't be used with them. An adaptor for wired headphones to plug into
the lightning charging port will be included with the phone. The decision is a
controversial one, given how many of Apple's millions of customers may be using
expensive wired headphones.

A new form of wireless headphones called AirPods will be sold separately. They
can be charged within their own small portable case, and aren't joined together
with a wire as are many currently available wireless headphones. The handsets
will go on sale in the UK from 16 September, even though the UK pricing has yet
to be announced. Apple will be hoping both phones will breathe life into falling
iPhone sales, amid general smartphone market saturation. Apple has sold more
than a billion iPhones in the nine years the device has been on sale, but
customer demand has waned in recent months: iPhone sales fell 15 per cent during
the second financial quarter of the year.

The Californian company also unveiled a new version of its Apple Watch
smartwatch, marketed as Apple Watch Series 2. It is waterresistant to 50 metres
and can track swimming laps for the first time.

Core values Apple facts 50m Depth to which the updated Apple watch is water
resistant £11bn Sum the European Commission says Apple owes in taxes in Ireland
27% Apple's quarterly fall in profits 404 Millions of iPhones sold in the last
financial quarter

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: III


                    Copyright 2016 Independent Print Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             1000 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             October 3, 2016 Monday

iPhone 8 rumors hint at improved camera

LENGTH: 175  words


We might see a new and improved camera on the next iPhone

The iPhone 7 is still brand new, but that doesnt stop iPhone 8 rumors from
popping up, and turns out there might be a camera upgrade in the next phone.

According to an employee from  an Apple hardware development office in Israel,
workers are tinkering with what is "next" for Apple, while also specifically
referring to iPhone 8. The name itself is important, as with traditional Apple
naming convention goes, 2017 would be the year for the iPhone 7S. This might
also mean that Apple will be improving on the iPhone 7 in such a way that they
will have to skip the iPhone 7S and go straight to iPhone 8.

Additionally, it looks like there could be a chance that Apple may adopt a glass
back with the next phone. Rumors also point at a camera upgrade, which is usual,
but one there are chances that the iPhone 7 Plus's dual camera system to be
stuffed into the regular iPhone 8.

With the iPhone 8 set to be the 10th iPhone, it can be expected that Apple might
go all out with the next iPhone.

Source

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
