
                              1 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                             March 8, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung Galaxy S7 launched in India at Rs 48,900, Galaxy S7 Edge at Rs 56,900

LENGTH: 857  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, March 8 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Samsung on Tuesday launched its much anticipated flagship smartphones Galaxy S7
and Galaxy S7 in India. The Galaxy S7 is priced at Rs 48,900 for 32GB version
while Galaxy S7 Edge is available at a price of Rs 56,900 (32GB).


 Here are the key highlights from the event.
 -Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge can stay submerged for up to 30 minutes in a
meter and a half of water.
 -Powered with LTE Cat 9 connectivity Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge give you best
network performance in low coverage areas.
 -7 meaningful innovations to enrich lives.
 -Choose from 3 stunning colours of Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge - Black
Sapphire, Gold Platinum and Silver Titanium colors.
 -Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge comes with multiple mobile accessories like
Battery Pack, Flip Wallet, LED View Cover, Wireless Charger stand etc.
 -Gaming gets serious on Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge with less lag and battery
drain, thanks to VulkanAPI, better CPU/GPU.
 -Accessories to complement your premium Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge.
 -Watch favourite shows and listen to music for hours, thanks to 3000mAh &
3600mAh batteries of Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge.
 -Pre-book the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge now and receive a GearVR free!
 -Samsung Galaxy S7 is priced at Rs 48,900 (32GB) while Galaxy S7 Edge is
available at a price of Rs 56,900 (32GB).
 -Keep your cool while gaming. The internal cooling system in Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 edge keeps the devices from overheating.
 -Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge enhanced GPU lets you play heavy graphic games
and is 60% more powerful than its predecessor.
 -Mandeep Bhatia, GM, introduces Samsung Concierge, an exclusive post purchase
service powered by MyGalaxy.
 -Turn your celebrations into lasting memories, even in low light. Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 edge with F1.7 aperture lens.
 -Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge bring more opportunities & better
experiences, thanks to a unified integration with GearS2 and GearVR.
 -With Hybrid SIM, one can insert a microSD card to store up to 200 GB of
additional storage.
 -Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge come with a Hybrid SIM tray to alternatively use
as dual SIM and expandable storage.
 -3 clues inside of GalaxyS7 Wireless Charging feature. Play/pause and share!
 -Stay longer in the game, thanks to bigger battery & powerful processor.
 -Spotlight selfie feature provides studio like environment for brighter,
clearer selfies.
 -Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge are powered with LTE Cat 9 connectivity for
better network performance.
 -Motion Panorama brings movement to your still shots, giving you an immersive
visual experience.
 -Enjoy a completely immersive visual experience with Motion Panorama, a new
camera mode in Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge.
 -Dual Pixel technology wider (F1.7) aperture lens and bigger pixel gives you
better auto-focus even in low light.
 -Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge bring better experiences, thanks to a unified
integration with GearS2 and GearVR.
 -Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge offer the ultimate smartphone experience with
cutting edge design and extraordinary performance, says Manu Sharma.
 -Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge take a bigger leap by re-imagining the
limits of what a smartphone is capable of, says Ken Kang, MD.
 -Get pro level shots any time of the day. Thanks to the professional grade
camera in Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge.
 -Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge are the first ever smartphones with a Dual Pixel
Camera for brighter and sharper images.
 -With IP68 water and dust resistance, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge give you
greater utility without compromising on design.
 -Easily check important updates without unlocking your phone with the 'Always
On Display' on Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge.
 -The edge screen on Galaxy S7 edge is even more powerful and convenient, with
quick access to apps and content.
 -Sleek design, powerful performance, water resistance and expandable memory.
 -GalaxyS7 and Galaxy S7 edge are powered by 7 path breaking innovations.
 -Introducing the new Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge.
 -Mr Ken Kang, MD, Samsung Mobiles, takes the centre stage.
 -People inspired innovation is at the heart of our business, says Ken Kang, MD,
Samsung Mobiles.
 MUST READ
 Pre-registration for Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 edge begins in India
 Watch the live streaming of the event here:
 http://www.samsung.com/in/consumer/mobile-devices/smartphones/galaxy-s/g...
 With Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge, Samsung has introduced the first dual-pixel
camera on a smartphone, which delivers brighter and sharper images, even in low
light.
 The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and 5.5-inch Galaxy S7 edge are constructed with 3D
glass and metal and are water and dust resistance.
 The hybrid sim card tray allows users to insert a microSD card for up to 200GB
of additional storage and in some select countries, the tray can be used with
dual sim cards.
 The device's new Always-On Display gives users a simplified, zero touch
experience to check about a missed call or SMS.
 The Samsung Galaxy S7 runs on an Octa core (2.3GHz Quad + 1.6GHz Quad), 64 bit
processor and has a 4GB RAM. Both phones run on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow)
operating system.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              2 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                      February 28, 2016 Sunday 6:30 AM EST

Samsung Introduces Galaxy S7 And Galaxy S7 Edge, Center of the New Mobile World

LENGTH: 1040  words


Sunday, February 28, 2016: Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd today announced the
newest additions to the Galaxy family of products-Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy
S7 edge. Created for today's mobile lifestyle, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge lead
the industry with a unique mobile experience that features an enhanced design,
higher-quality camera, refined software functionality, and unparalleled
connectivity to a galaxy of services, products and experiences.

"We believe in a world that is brighter, sharper, more convenient, and more fun.
We strive to deliver on that vision with the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge by
marrying elegant design with functionality and providing a seamless mobile
experience," said DJ Koh, President of Mobile Communications Business, Samsung
Electronics. "We empower consumers with technology to help them get more out of
life and will continue to push the frontier of what's possible."

Advanced Camera: High Quality Images No Matter Time of Day or Location

The Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge are built with advanced smartphone
cameras. The main, rear camera sensor captures 95 percent more light through a
wider aperture and larger pixels to deliver brighter and sharper images, even in
low light1. With the first ever Dual Pixel sensor in a smartphone camera, the
Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge autofocus on an image quicker and more accurately
than other leading smartphones, allowing you capture moments even in dim light.

Refined Design and Function

With a curved-glass back and slim ergonomic body, the 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and the
5.5-inch Galaxy S7 edge are even easier to hold in one hand and fit in your
pocket or purse. The Galaxy S7 edge features curved glass on all sides of the
device, giving users a unique dual-edge display and bigger screen than the
Galaxy S7 for a fully immersive experience. The larger edge panel on the Galaxy
S7 edge gives users more space for apps to make it easier to select and swipe
through the different screens with one-hand2. The new Tasks edge screen offers
one-tap access to applications, functions and news, such as contacts, selfie
mode or calendar, always accessible.

The Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge sport a Super AMOLED, Always-On Display
which allows users to take short, quick peeks at basic information like the
time, calendar or notifications without touching or waking the screen. Always-On
Display intelligently turns off when your phone is tucked away in your pocket or
purse and out of sight.

The Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge are made both water resistant and dust
resistant (IP68 certification) with no compromises to the seamless design and
making them life-proof to accidental spills3.

Enhanced Performance

From launching apps to playing games to streaming video, everything happens
faster and smoother on the Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge, thanks to a
new, improved, more powerful and more efficient CPU and GPU.

The phones will have boosted battery capacity of 3,000 mAh for the Galaxy S7 and
3,600 mAh for the Galaxy S7 edge. Users will also enjoy fast wireless and wired
charging4.

Additionally, the hybrid SIM card tray allows users to insert a microSD card for
up to 200GB of additional storage5.

Unlocking the Full Galaxy Experience

Samsung continues to push the boundaries of hardware, software and services to
create devices that improve how consumers connect, share and get more out of
life. By introducing a portfolio of seamless mobile experiences that are
unlocked with the new Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge at the center, Samsung is
pushing beyond the limits of today's technology to create meaningful innovation.

Whether consumers are using the Galaxy S7 series and the new Gear S2 Classic to
bring features of their smartphone to their wrist or using the Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 edge with Gear VR to enjoy immersive 360-degree content - Samsung is
redefining what users can do with their smartphones.

Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge users also get the best mobile payment service with
Samsung Pay. It is secure, easy-to-use and accepted almost anywhere you can
swipe or tap your card6. Protected by Samsung KNOX7, fingerprint scanning and
advanced tokenization, Samsung Pay works with NFC (Near Field Communication) and
MST (Magnetic Secure Transmission), making mobile payments available to more
merchants and consumers than ever before.

Samsung+ is a free, mobile app empowering customers to get more out of owning a
Samsung product. With Samsung+, users are always just a tap away from live tech
support, device diagnostics, tips and tricks, exclusive content, giveaways and
special offers.

Samsung Smart Switch offers a simple, quick way for users to switch to the new
Samsung devices. Whether upgrading an Android device or switching from another
platform, Smart Switch8 allows you to easily transfer content to your new phone
via wireless or USB connection. The Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge will include a
USB connector in the box for a seamless transfer of content from your old
device.

Security

Samsung KNOX makes the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge advanced, enterprise-ready
devices with built in defense grade security-right out of the box. Unlike other
mobile security platforms, KNOX is anchored in the device's hardware, and
protects the device from the moment it boots up all the way through launching an
app.

U.S. Availability

In the U.S., the Galaxy S7 will be available in Black Onyx and Gold Platinum and
the Galaxy S7 edge will be available in Black Onyx, Gold Platinum and Silver
Titanium. Both the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge will be available with built-in
memory of 32GB and expandable memory options. AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, U.S.
Cellular and Verizon Wireless will carry the Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7
edge in stores beginning March 11, with pre-orders starting at 8:00 a.m. EST on
February 23.

The devices will also be available at Samsung Experience Shops at Best Buy, as
well asBestBuy.com, Car Toys, Sam's Club, Staples, Target and Walmart.

Consumers can get an exclusive first look at both devices at participating AT&T,
Sprint, T-Mobile, Verizon Wireless and U.S. Cellular stores across the U.S.
starting February 26 and at Samsung Experience Shops at Best Buy locations
around the country starting February 24.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2016 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              3 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             People's Review Weekly

                            March 16, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung launching its latest phones galaxy S7 and galaxy S7 edge Samsung in
Nepal

LENGTH: 290  words


Samsung Electronics is set to launch its newest star phones-Galaxy S7 and Galaxy
S7 Edge Samsung-in Nepal this Wednesday, after the Samsung Nepal Office sent an
official invitation for the launch.

Samsung called invitees to the event to experience the unrivalled, top of the
world features of a phone, and to rethink what a phone can do.

The South Korean smartphone manufacturer is launching Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7
Edge in Nepal a day after they are launched in India on Tuesday. However, the
exact prices of these two phones are still to be released officially.

But, according to a report, the Galaxy S7 is likely to be priced between IRs
45,000 and IRs 50,000 while the Galaxy S7 Edge is expected to be priced at IRs
54,000 to IRs 60,000.

Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge will cost similar to their prices in India, said an
official of Samsung Nepal Office.

The official said that pre-booking of these two smart phones will start from
Thursday with exciting offers to pre-bookers.

Launched globally on February 21, Samsung has added a hybrid dual-SIM in both
Galaxy S7 and galaxy S7 Edge, one of the major additions to its phones. Both
smart phones supports expandable storage via micro SD cards of up to 200 GB.
However, the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge mainly differ in terms of their screen sizes,
battery capacities and some design.

While Galaxy S7 comes with 3000 mAH battery, the Galaxy S7 Edge sports a 3,600
mAh battery.

The Galaxy S7 has a 5.1-inch QHD Super Amoled display. On the other hand, Galaxy
S7 Edge incorporates a 5.5inch QHD Super Amoled display. Both Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 Edge are powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processors.

Similarly, both Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge feature 12-megapixel main cameras
and 5-megapixel front cameras.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 People's Review
                              All Rights Reserved


                              4 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                              March 4, 2016 Friday

Pre-book Galaxy S7 | Galaxy S7 edge and get a Gear VR free

SECTION: Vol. 08 No. 64

LENGTH: 388  words


Samsung has now begun the pre-booking of the most anticipated smartphones of
2016, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge in Pakistan. For each confirmed booking of
these devices, the buyer will get a free Gear VR and this special promotional
offer will continue from 2nd March till 12th March 2016.

Both Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7edge are equipped with an advanced camera that
captures more light to deliver high quality images. The F1.7 lens on both sides
of the phone and larger pixels on the rear camera's image sensor allow for
brighter and sharper images - even in low light. These smartphones are also
equipped with world's first dual pixel sensor on a smartphone camera. It uses
100% of the pixel on the Dual Pixel sensor for phase detection, and each pixel
has two photodiodes that capture light independently to enhance the detection
even in the dark. This proven technology first introduced in a professional DSLR
camera is now available in the Galaxy S7  and  Galaxy S7 edge.

The Motion Panorama, Hyperlapse video mode, Selfie flash and spotlight features
add to the power of cameras on Galaxy S7  and  Galaxy S7 edge.

The Galaxy S7  and  Galaxy S7 edge give users the best of both worlds: beauty
and function. Every element of the design harmonizes with one another making for
a clean and sleek look with a curved silhouette. The 5.1 Galaxy S7 and 5.5
Galaxy S7 edge are constructed with 3D glass and metal, making for a smooth
design with durability and ergonomic curves for a comfortable grip. Detailed
refinements such as extremely narrow bezels and reduced protrusion of the
camera, are reason why the device feels so comfortable in the palm of your hand
and makes the surface , from the front to back, feel smooth.

The Galaxy S7  and  Galaxy S7 edge are equipped with IP68 and are completely
sealed devices with water and dust resistance and offer expandable storage.

The Galaxy S7  and  Galaxy S7 edge offer 3,600mAh battery that lasts longer and
also offer fast charging and wireless charging.

People in Pakistan can pre-book Galaxy S7| Galaxy S7 edge starting from today
and get a free Gear VR with it. The Price of the Galaxy S7 Edge in Pakistan has
been fixed at Rs.88, 999/- while the Galaxy S7 Flat has been priced at
Rs.78,999/- People can visit selected stores all across Pakistan to pre-book
Galaxy S7 |Galaxy S7 edge.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              5 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  My Republica

                             March 8, 2016 Tuesday

Nepal to get 1st look at Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge this Wednesday

LENGTH: 343 words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, March 8 -- Samsung Electronics is set to launch its newest flagship
phones -- Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge Samsung -- in Nepal this Wednesday. The
launch of these two smartphones was confirmed Monday, after the Samsung Nepal
Office sent an official invitation for the launch.

Samsung called invitees to the event "to experience the unrivalled, top of the
world features of a phone, and to rethink what a phone can do".

The South Korean smartphone manufacturer is launching Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7
Edge in Nepal a day after they are launched in India on Tuesday. However, the
exact prices of these two phones are still to be released officially. But,
according to Indian news reports, the Galaxy S7 is likely to be priced between
IRs 45,000 and IRs 50,000 while the Galaxy S7 Edge is expected to be priced at
IRs 54,000 to IRs 60,000.

"Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge will cost similar to their prices in India," an
official of Samsung Nepal Office told Republica.

The official said that pre-booking of these two smartphones will start from
Thursday with exciting offers to pre-bookers.

Launched globally on February 21, Samsung has added a hybrid dual-SIM in both
Galaxy S7 and galaxy S7 Edge, one of the major additions to its flagship phones.

Both smartphones supports expandable storage via micro SD cards of up to 200 GB.
However, the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge mainly differ in terms of their screen sizes,
battery capacities and some design.

While Galaxy S7 comes with 3000 mAH battery, the Galaxy S7 Edge sports a 3,600
mAh battery.

The Galaxy S7 has a 5.1-inch QHD Super Amoled display. On the other hand, Galaxy
S7 Edge incorporates a 5.5-inch QHD Super Amoled display. Both Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 Edge are powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processors.

Similarly, both Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge feature 12-megapixel main cameras
and 5-megapixel front cameras.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Republica. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Nepal Republic Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              6 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   SME Times

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung's Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge smartphones now in India

LENGTH: 737 words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, March 9 -- Taking the smartphone world by surprise, leading South
Korean smartphone maker Samsung on Tuesday launched its flagship smartphone
Galaxy S7 and its curved-screen companion Galaxy S7 Edge at an irresistible
price of Rs.48,900 and Rs.56,900, respectively.

The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and 5.5-inch Galaxy S7 Edge are constructed with 3D glass
and metal and given ergonomic curves for a comfortable grip.

The smartphones come with innovations in design, imaging, software functionality
and connectivity with a host of other services.

The company is also giving away free Gear virtual reality (VR) to it customers
who pre-order the devices between March 8 and 17.

"I feel proud when I see the evolution of mobile devices that we have brought
from our first mobile phone in 1988 to the current series of Galaxy S
smartphones. Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge take a bigger leap by re-imagining
what a smartphone can be," Ken Kang, managing director, mobile & IT, Samsung
India Electronics, said in a statement.

The new Galaxy devices look similar to its predecessors Galaxy S6. The Galaxy S7
Edge features curves on both sides and have "Always-On Display" that gives users
a simplified, zero touch experience to check about a missed call or SMS.

Both the devices are IP68 water and dust resistant. The devices can sustain up
to 30 minutes submerged in a meter and a half of water.

The new phones have advanced cameras for high-quality images. The company has
introduced the first dual pixel camera on Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge
smartphones.

The phones have Dual Pixel 12-megapixel (F1.7) rear and 5-megapixel (F1.7)
cameras and with brighter lens with wider aperture and bigger pixel, the cameras
have a more accurate autofocus even in low-light conditions.

"Galaxy S7 and S7 edge will offer consumers the ultimate smartphone experience
that set new benchmarks in the global mobile space, with cutting-edge design and
extraordinary performance, Manu Sharma, director, mobile business, Samsung India
Electronics added.

"Innovations such as Dual Pixel technology in Galaxy S7 & Galaxy S7 edge camera
delivers brighter and sharper images, even in low light and Samsung Concierge
offer more personalized experience for users, he noted.

Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge deliver fast wired and wireless charging technology
and is powered by LTE Cat 9 connectivity.

Additionally, the company brought back its expandable memory feature with the
hybrid SIM card that allows users to insert a microSD card for up to 200GB of
additional storage.

Samsung also made significant hardware and software updates to optimise gaming
performance on Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge.

Both Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge are the first smartphones with Vulkan -- the next
generation graphics API (application programme interface) built after
partnership between Samsung, Google and Khronos group.

Both the phones run on an Octa core (2.3GHz Quad + 1.6GHz Quad), 64 bit
processor and has a 4GB RAM.

The Galaxy S7 devices' CPU is about 44 percent more powerful than its
predecessor and the a dramatically enhanced GPU -- which does the heavy lifting
for graphics -- is about 60 percent more powerful than the one in Galaxy S6.

Samsung Galaxy S7 has a 2560 X 1440 (534ppi) 5.1-inch Quad HD Super AMOLED
display while S7 Edge has a 2560 X 1440 (577ppi) 5.5-inch Quad HD Super AMOLED
display.

Both phones run on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) operating system.

The powerful processor and bigger battery capacity (3,000mAh in Galaxy S7 and
3,600mAh in Galaxy S7 Edge) ensure longer playing time, and the internal cooling
system keeps the device from overheating.

The company has also expanded the My Galaxy platform to cater to the needs of
users in India with Samsung Concierge.

The unique consumer engagement platform has been customised to offer valuable
services such as My Assistant, Phone pick up and drop, Fast Track service and
Live Chat.

The Samsung's Indian research and development team also developed the Motion
Panorama feature that will enable consumers to capture live events in great
detail by capturing every piece of dynamic motion.

Additionally, the Spotlight Selfie feature that provides consumers a studio-like
environment with virtual light source, was developed in India.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from SME Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                         Copyright 2016 tradeindia.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              7 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 11, 2016 Friday 12:01 AM GMT

Samsung Galaxy S7 prices revealed - all the tariffs explained as new smartphone
hits shelves in the UK;
Samsung's latest smartphone goes on sale today - here are all the prices and
tariffs you need to consider

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 648 words


The Samsung Galaxy S7 is one of the most hotly-anticipated smartphones of the
year, and the biggest announcement at this year's Mobile World Congress.

The Korean company has changed up the design for this year's phone and moved
into the premium territory enjoyed by Apple's iPhones.

That means if you want to get hold of one, you're going to have to dig deep.

The Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge will go on sale in the UK tomorrow, featuring a new
water-resistant design, an SD card slot for expandable memory, and a big enough
battery to watch 13 hours of HD video on a single charge.

The S7 is available SIM-free, from a price of £569, while the S7 Edge price will
start at £639 for a SIM-free handset.

If you don't fancy buying the phone outright, then there are a number of
different tariffs available from the UK's major networks:

Tesco Mobile is stocking the Galaxy S7 and the S7 Edge. All the supermarket's
tariffs include 4G as standard.

Here's a break-down of how Tesco Mobile's options stack up.

Virgin will be stocking both models and will pre-install its WiFi Buddy app on
the devices. That will give users the opportunity to access secure WiFi hotspots
across the country.

"Prices for the Samsung Galaxy S7 start at £34 a month for the 32GB version and
£38 per month for the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge," Virgin Media said in a statement.

"Virgin Media customers can get the Samsung Galaxy S7 in both Black and Gold.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge will be available in Black."

The Samsung Galaxy S7 is available to order with free delivery from the Virgin
Media store.

Giffgaff will be stocking the S7 and the S7 Edge. The network's prices are as
follows.

Samsung Galaxy S7

Samsung Galaxy S7 edge

Paying the phone off each month requires a £25 upfront phone deposit over 24
months.

Three has confirmed that the S7 and the S7 Edge are both available to pre-order
in store now.

Here are the list of prices on various tariffs for both phones on Three's
network.

If you're on EE, you can also pre-order the Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 Edge through
the company's website or in-store.

Here's how the network breaks down its pricing:

"The 32GB Galaxy S7 on EE is just £49.99 on a £44.49 a month, 24 month 4GEE
Extra plan, which comes with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 4GB of
mobile data a month.

"The 32GB Galaxy S7 edge is available for just £29.99 on a £49.99 a month, 24
month plan, and comes with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 4GB of mobile
data a month.

"Existing EE customers looking to upgrade to the same plans will receive 10GB of
mobile data per month for the same price."

Vodafone is not only stocking the S7 and S7 Edge but gave their customers a
chance to get hold of it early, with customers who pre-ordered before Sunday
receiving their phones on Tuesday- three days earlier than the official launch.

Vodafone's pricing is as follows:

"Customers can pre-order the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge and Samsung Galaxy S7 on a
Vodafone Red 10GB Bundle for £50 per month or £44 per month respectively.

"Both have an upfront cost of £29 and include unlimited texts, unlimited minutes
and 10GB of data. "Alternatively, customers can pre-order either device on a
Vodafone Red Value 15GB Bundle, at £55 per month for the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge
or £49 per month for the Samsung Galaxy S7.

"Again, both have a £29 upfront cost and include unlimited texts, unlimited
minutes and 15GB of data, as well as a choice of free access to Netflix for 12
months, or Sky Sports Mobile TV, Spotify Premium or a NOW TV Entertainment Pass
for 24 months."

Carphone Warehouse will be stocking the new phones as well.

The company says: "Both the Samsung Galaxy S7 and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge will be
available for an upfront cost of £79.99, and £129.99 across major networks from
just £36 per month for new and upgrading customers."

Samsung pledge to give away FREE VR headset with preorders of Galaxy S7

Is the Samsung Galaxy S7 too expensive?

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              8 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  My Republica

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung launches Galaxy S7, S7 Edge in Nepal

LENGTH: 825 words

DATELINE: Nepal


Nepal, March 9 -- Samsung Electronics Nepal Wednesday launched Samsung's new
flagship phones -- the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge -- priced at Rs 77,900 and
Rs 88,900 respectively in Nepal.

Addressing the launching ceremony, Pranaya Ratna Sthapit, HHP Division Head of
Samsung Electronics Nepal, said Samsung believed in a world which was brighter,
sharper and convenient, and strived to deliver on that vision with the Galaxy S7
and S7 Edge phones.

"Both the phones bring elegant design with functionality and provide seamless
mobile experience," Sthapit said.

Company officials also said the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge coupled sleek design with
powerful performance, including advanced camera features, water resistance and
external memory.

According to the company, both the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge introduce the
first dual-pixel camera on a smartphone, delivering brighter and sharper images
-- even in low-light conditions.

The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and the 5.5-inch Galaxy S7 Edge are constructed with '3D
glass' and metal, all in a sleek design, according to Samsung.

Importantly, both phones have increased utility with IP68 water and dust
resistance.

Both Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge are powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 820
processors. Likewise, both phones feature 12-megapixel main cameras and
5-megapixel front cameras.

While the Galaxy S7 runs on a 3,000 mAH battery, the Galaxy S7 Edge sports a
3,600 mAH battery.

Samsung Electronics Nepal also opened pre-booking of the phones on Thursday.
Pre-booked phones will be delivered in about two weeks' time, it said. Samsung
is also offering choices of free gifts for those who pre-book their phones now,
including the Samsung Gear VR virtual reality goggles (a collaboration with
Oculus VR) which works on which the Samsung mobile devices are mounted, and a
bag.

The company also unveiled a 'Limited Edition Pack', which includes the Gear 2 --
a smartwatch, and the Level U wireless earphones. Available for limited period,
the pack includes two packages. At Rs 122,000, Samsung is offering a Galaxy S7
Edge, a Gear S2 Classic and a Level U with a 'genuine leather bag worth Rs
20,000' free. Similarly, at Rs 108,000, Samsung is offering a Galaxy S7, a Gear
2 and a Level U plus the leather bag free.

Samsung mobile phone enjoys 55% share of the domestic mobile market

Samsung's flagship phones have always come with new and exciting features. What
is new on the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge?

Samsung has always tried to give a different taste to its customers in its
flagship as well as other phones.

In the case of the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge, we have made these phones
slimmer compared to our previous flagships.

Moreover, Samsung has incorporated the best camera in these devices. In fact,
these phones introduce the first dual-pixel cameras on smartphones. Similarly,
battery has been improved and size of maximum external memory has been extended.
Similarly, IP68 water and dust resistance features are also major attraction on
these devices.

Both Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge are high-end phones. Do you have any Equated
Monthly Installment (EMI) facility for customers?

Yes. Just a couple of days ago, we tied up with Laxmi Bank Ltd for this.
Customers can purchase both of these phones on installment and their installment
period will be a year. We are also seeking to tie up with other banks so that a
larger number of customers can benefit.

Though Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge share a number of common features, the Edge
costs a bit more. Why?

The basic features of both phones are quite the same. What makes them different
is screen-size and battery capacity. While the Galaxy S7 has a 5.1-inch QHD
Super Amoled display with 3,000 mAH battery, the Galaxy S7 Edge has a 5.5-inch
QHD Super Amoled display and a 3,600 mAH battery. We tried to offer two sizes of
smartphones with almost common features to address the needs of varied
customers.

Do you have any launching offer for these flagships?

We have announced pre-booking of both these smartphones from Wednesday itself.
As a launching offer, every pre-booker will get a genuine leather bag worth Rs
20,000 or a Samsung Gear VR worth Rs 13,900 for free.

A number of new mobile brands have come to Nepal. Has this not made the mobile
device market more competitive, especially for Samsung?

It is good that so many mobile brands exist in Nepal today because it offers
different options for customers.

However, this has affected Samsung a lot less and Samsung Mobile's market in
Nepal is growing every year.

Today Samsung enjoys a 55 percent share of Nepal's mobile device market. Samsung
Mobile's market is constantly growing because of different peculiar technologies
that Samsung has and because Samsung has always tried improving the benchmark it
set earlier.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Republica. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Nepal Republic Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              9 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                     February 23, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Samsung Unveils Next Generation Smartphones At The Core of Its Connected Galaxy
Experience

LENGTH: 705  words


Tuesday, February 23, 2016: Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd today announced the
newest additions to the Galaxy family of products, Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy
S7 edge. Created for today's consumer lifestyle, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge
lead the industry with a refined design, more advanced camera, streamlined
software functionality and unparalleled connectivity to a galaxy of products,
services, and experiences.

"We believe in a world that is brighter, sharper, more convenient, and more fun.
We strive to deliver on that vision with the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge by
marrying elegant design with functionality and providing a seamless mobile
experience," said DJ Koh, President of Mobile Communications Business, Samsung
Electronics. "We empower consumers with technology to help them get more out of
life and will continue to push the frontier of what's possible."

Advanced Camera: High Quality Images No Matter the Time of Day or Location

Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge introduce the first Dual Pixel camera on a
smartphone, delivering brighter and sharper images, even in low light. Thanks to
the revolutionary Dual Pixel technology, brighter lens with wider aperture, and
bigger pixel, the camera has a faster shutter speed and a more accurate
autofocus even in low-light conditions. Motion Panorama, a new camera mode,
brings movement to traditional panoramic photos, giving the user a completely
immersive visual experience.

Refined Design and Function

The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and 5.5-inch Galaxy S7 edge are constructed with 3D glass
and metal - all in a sleek design with durability and ergonomic curves for a
comfortable grip. From work to play, the device's new Always-On Display, gives
users a simplified, zero touch experience where they don't need to worry about
missing a call or important notification.

Without compromising design, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge both have increased
utility with IP68 water and dust resistance. Edge UX, the advanced edge
experience available on Galaxy S7 edge, provides convenience and increased
efficiency by creating easy shortcuts to users' most loved functions such as
email, selfie mode, panorama mode or third party applications.

Enhanced Performance: From Charging to Gaming

Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge deliver fast wired and wireless charging
technology. Additionally, the hybrid SIM card tray allows users to insert a
microSD card for up to 200GB of additional storage and in some select countries,
the tray can be used with a dual SIM card.

Samsung also made significant hardware and software updates to optimize gaming
performance on Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge. The powerful processer and bigger
battery capacity ensure longer playing time, and the internal cooling system
keeps the device from overheating. Game Launcher, a new add-on for gamers,
allows users to manage battery consumption and minimize notifications.
Additionally, users can record their gaming experience or share their screen to
play with others. Paired with Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge, Vulkan API gives
users the ability to play high-performance graphic games with lower battery
consumption.

The Galaxy Experience

Samsung continues to push the boundaries of hardware, software and services to
create devices that are designed to improve how consumers connect, share,
organize and get more out of life. The company is redefining what is possible,
beyond the limits of today's technology, by introducing a constellation of
seamless mobile experiences.

Whether it's the seamless connection between Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge and
the new Gear S2 Classic to monitor fitness, or connecting with Gear VR to
"travel" the world - Samsung redefines what's possible for the mobile experience
and beyond.

Beyond the phone, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge users can also get the best
mobile payment service with Samsung Pay; it's secure, easy-to-use and accepted
almost anywhere. Protected by Samsung KNOX, fingerprint scanning and advanced
tokenization, Samsung Pay works with NFC (Near Field Communication), MST
(Magnetic Secure Transmission) and Barcode technology, making mobile payments
available to more merchants and consumers than ever before.

Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge will be available starting mid-March 2016.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2016 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung unveils next generation Smartphones

SECTION: Vol. 39 No. 54

LENGTH: 657  words


Samsung Electronics announced the newest additions to the Galaxy family of
products, Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge.

Created for today's consumer lifestyle, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge lead the
industry with a refined design, more advanced camera, streamlined software
functionality and unparalleled connectivity to a galaxy of products, services,
and experiences.

We believe in a world that is brighter, sharper, more convenient, and more fun.
We strive to deliver on that vision with the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge by
marrying elegant design with functionality and providing a seamless mobile
experience, said DJ Koh, President of Mobile Communications Business, Samsung
Electronics. We empower consumers with technology to help them get more out of
life and will continue to push the frontier of what's possible.

Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge introduce the first Dual Pixel camera on a
smartphone, delivering brighter and sharper images, even in low light. Thanks to
the revolutionary Dual Pixel technology, brighter lens with wider aperture, and
bigger pixel, the camera has a faster shutter speed and a more accurate
autofocus even in low-light conditions. Motion Panorama, a new camera mode,
brings movement to traditional panoramic photos, giving the user a completely
immersive visual experience.

The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and 5.5-inch Galaxy S7 edge are constructed with 3D glass
and metal - all in a sleek design with durability and ergonomic curves for a
comfortable grip. From work to play, the device's new Always-On Display, gives
users a simplified, zero touch experience where they don't need to worry about
missing a call or important notification.

Without compromising design, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge both have increased
utility with IP68 water and dust resistance. Edge UX, the advanced edge
experience available on Galaxy S7 edge, provides convenience and increased
efficiency by creating easy shortcuts to users' most loved functions such as
email, selfie mode, panorama mode or third party applications.

Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge deliver fast wired and wireless charging
technology. Additionally, the hybrid SIM card tray allows users to insert a
microSD card for up to 200GB of additional storage and in some select countries,
the tray can be used with a dual SIM card.

Samsung also made significant hardware and software updates to optimize gaming
performance on Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge. The powerful processer and bigger
battery capacity ensure longer playing time, and the internal cooling system
keeps the device from overheating. Game Launcher, a new add-on for gamers,
allows users to manage battery consumption and minimize notifications.
Additionally, users can record their gaming experience or share their screen to
play with others. Paired with Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge, Vulkan API gives
users the ability to play high-performance graphic games with lower battery
consumption.

Samsung continues to push the boundaries of hardware, software and services to
create devices that are designed to improve how consumers connect, share,
organize and get more out of life. The company is redefining what is possible,
beyond the limits of today's technology, by introducing a constellation of
seamless mobile experiences.

Whether it's the seamless connection between Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge and
the new Gear S2 Classic to monitor fitness, or connecting with Gear VR to travel
the world - Samsung redefines what's possible for the mobile experience and
beyond.

Beyond the phone, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge users can also get the best
mobile payment service with Samsung Pay; it's secure, easy-to-use and accepted
almost anywhere. Protected by Samsung KNOX, fingerprint scanning and advanced
tokenization, Samsung Pay works with NFC (Near Field Communication), MST
(Magnetic Secure Transmission) and Barcode technology, making mobile payments
available to more merchants and consumers than ever before.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Lanka Business Report

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Samsung unveils Galaxy S7 and S7 edge next generation smartphones

LENGTH: 566 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Feb. 22 -- Samsung Electronics on Monday announced the newest
additions to the Galaxy family of products, Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7
edge.

Created for today's consumer lifestyle, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge lead the
industry with a refined design, more advanced camera, streamlined software
functionality and unparalleled connectivity to a galaxy of products, services,
and experiences.

"We believe in a world that is brighter, sharper, more convenient, and more fun.
We strive to deliver on that vision with the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge by
marrying elegant design with functionality and providing a seamless mobile
experience," said DJ Koh, President of Mobile Communications Business, Samsung
Electronics.

"We empower consumers with technology to help them get more out of life and will
continue to push the frontier of what's possible."

Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge will be available starting mid-March 2016.

New Features:

Advanced Camera: High Quality Images No Matter the Time of Day or Location

Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge introduce the first Dual Pixel camera on a
smartphone, delivering brighter and sharper images, even in low light. Thanks to
the revolutionary Dual Pixel technology, brighter lens with wider aperture, and
bigger pixel, the camera has a faster shutter speed and a more accurate
autofocus even in low-light conditions. Motion Panorama, a new camera mode,
brings movement to traditional panoramic photos, giving the user a completely
immersive visual experience.

Refined Design and Function

The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and 5.5-inch Galaxy S7 edge are constructed with 3D glass
and metal - all in a sleek design with durability and ergonomic curves for a
comfortable grip. From work to play, the device's new Always-On Display, gives
users a simplified, zero touch experience where they don't need to worry about
missing a call or important notification.

Without compromising design, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge both have increased
utility with IP68 water and dust resistance. Edge UX, the advanced edge
experience available on Galaxy S7 edge, provides convenience and increased
efficiency by creating easy shortcuts to users' most loved functions such as
email, selfie mode, panorama mode or third party applications.

Enhanced Performance: From Charging to Gaming

Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge deliver fast wired and wireless charging
technology. Additionally, the hybrid SIM card tray allows users to insert a
microSD card for up to 200GB of additional storage and in some select countries,
the tray can be used with a dual SIM card.

Samsung also made significant hardware and software updates to optimize gaming
performance on Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge. The powerful processer and bigger
battery capacity ensure longer playing time, and the internal cooling system
keeps the device from overheating. Game Launcher, a new add-on for gamers,
allows users to manage battery consumption and minimize notifications.
Additionally, users can record their gaming experience or share their screen to
play with others. Paired with Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge, Vulkan API gives
users the ability to play high-performance graphic games with lower battery
consumption.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Lanka Business Report. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


             Copyright 2016 Vanguard Management Services (Pvt.) Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 11, 2016 Friday 2:19 PM GMT

Samsung Galaxy S7 prices revealed - all the tariffs explained as new smartphone
hits shelves in the UK;
Samsung's latest smartphone goes on sale today - here are all the prices and
tariffs you need to consider

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 681 words


The Samsung Galaxy S7 is one of the most hotly-anticipated smartphones of the
year, and the biggest announcement at this year's Mobile World Congress.

The Korean company has changed up the design for this year's phone and moved
into the premium territory enjoyed by Apple's iPhones.

That means if you want to get hold of one, you're going to have to dig deep.

The Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge will go on sale in the UK tomorrow, featuring a new
water-resistant design, an SD card slot for expandable memory, and a big enough
battery to watch 13 hours of HD video on a single charge.

The S7 is available SIM-free, from a price of £569, while the S7 Edge price will
start at £639 for a SIM-free handset.

If you don't fancy buying the phone outright, then there are a number of
different tariffs available from the UK's major networks:

Tesco Mobile is stocking the Galaxy S7 and the S7 Edge. All the supermarket's
tariffs include 4G as standard.

Here's a break-down of how Tesco Mobile's options stack up. To view the bundles
in more detail head to Shop.tescomobile.com.

Virgin will be stocking both models and will pre-install its WiFi Buddy app on
the devices. That will give users the opportunity to access secure WiFi hotspots
across the country.

"Prices for the Samsung Galaxy S7 start at £34 a month for the 32GB version and
£38 per month for the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge," Virgin Media said in a statement.

"Virgin Media customers can get the Samsung Galaxy S7 in both Black and Gold.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge will be available in Black."

The Samsung Galaxy S7 is available to order with free delivery from the Virgin
Media store.

Giffgaff will be stocking the S7 and the S7 Edge. The network's prices are as
follows. To find out more, visit www.giffgaff.com.

Samsung Galaxy S7

Samsung Galaxy S7 edge

Paying the phone off each month requires a £25 upfront phone deposit over 24
months.

Three has confirmed that the S7 and the S7 Edge are both available to pre-order
in store now.

Here are the list of prices on various tariffs for both phones on Three's
network.

If you're on EE, you can also pre-order the Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 Edge through
ee.co.uk or any UK store.

Here's how the network breaks down its pricing:

"The 32GB Galaxy S7 on EE is just £49.99 on a £44.49 a month, 24 month 4GEE
Extra plan, which comes with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 4GB of
mobile data a month.

"The 32GB Galaxy S7 edge is available for just £29.99 on a £49.99 a month, 24
month plan, and comes with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 4GB of mobile
data a month.

"Existing EE customers looking to upgrade to the same plans will receive 10GB of
mobile data per month for the same price."

Vodafone is not only stocking the S7 and S7 Edge but gave their customers a
chance to get hold of it early, with customers who pre-ordered before Sunday
receiving their phones on Tuesday- three days earlier than the official launch.

Vodafone's pricing is as follows: To find out more visit the Vodafone online
store.

"Customers can pre-order the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge and Samsung Galaxy S7 on a
Vodafone Red 10GB Bundle for £50 per month or £44 per month respectively.

"Both have an upfront cost of £29 and include unlimited texts, unlimited minutes
and 10GB of data. "Alternatively, customers can pre-order either device on a
Vodafone Red Value 15GB Bundle, at £55 per month for the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge
or £49 per month for the Samsung Galaxy S7.

"Again, both have a £29 upfront cost and include unlimited texts, unlimited
minutes and 15GB of data, as well as a choice of free access to Netflix for 12
months, or Sky Sports Mobile TV, Spotify Premium or a NOW TV Entertainment Pass
for 24 months."

Carphone Warehouse will be stocking the new phones as well in stores and online
at www.carphonewarehouse.com.

The company says: "Both the Samsung Galaxy S7 and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge will be
available for an upfront cost of £79.99, and £129.99 across major networks from
just £36 per month for new and upgrading customers."

Samsung pledge to give away FREE VR headset with preorders of Galaxy S7

Is the Samsung Galaxy S7 too expensive?

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 11, 2016 Friday 1:09 PM GMT

Samsung Galaxy S7 prices revealed - all the tariffs explained as new smartphone
hits shelves in the UK;
Samsung's latest smartphone goes on sale today - here are all the prices and
tariffs you need to consider

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 681 words


The Samsung Galaxy S7 is one of the most hotly-anticipated smartphones of the
year, and the biggest announcement at this year's Mobile World Congress.

The Korean company has changed up the design for this year's phone and moved
into the premium territory enjoyed by Apple's iPhones.

That means if you want to get hold of one, you're going to have to dig deep.

The Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge will go on sale in the UK tomorrow, featuring a new
water-resistant design, an SD card slot for expandable memory, and a big enough
battery to watch 13 hours of HD video on a single charge.

The S7 is available SIM-free, from a price of £569, while the S7 Edge price will
start at £639 for a SIM-free handset.

If you don't fancy buying the phone outright, then there are a number of
different tariffs available from the UK's major networks:

Tesco Mobile is stocking the Galaxy S7 and the S7 Edge. All the supermarket's
tariffs include 4G as standard.

Here's a break-down of how Tesco Mobile's options stack up. To view the bundles
in more detail head to Shop.tescomobile.com.

Virgin will be stocking both models and will pre-install its WiFi Buddy app on
the devices. That will give users the opportunity to access secure WiFi hotspots
across the country.

"Prices for the Samsung Galaxy S7 start at £34 a month for the 32GB version and
£38 per month for the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge," Virgin Media said in a statement.

"Virgin Media customers can get the Samsung Galaxy S7 in both Black and Gold.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge will be available in Black."

The Samsung Galaxy S7 is available to order with free delivery from the Virgin
Media store.

Giffgaff will be stocking the S7 and the S7 Edge. The network's prices are as
follows. To find out more, visit www.giffgaff.com.

Samsung Galaxy S7

Samsung Galaxy S7 edge

Paying the phone off each month requires a £25 upfront phone deposit over 24
months.

Three has confirmed that the S7 and the S7 Edge are both available to pre-order
in store now.

Here are the list of prices on various tariffs for both phones on Three's
network.

If you're on EE, you can also pre-order the Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 Edge through
ee.co.uk or any UK store.

Here's how the network breaks down its pricing:

"The 32GB Galaxy S7 on EE is just £49.99 on a £44.49 a month, 24 month 4GEE
Extra plan, which comes with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 4GB of
mobile data a month.

"The 32GB Galaxy S7 edge is available for just £29.99 on a £49.99 a month, 24
month plan, and comes with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 4GB of mobile
data a month.

"Existing EE customers looking to upgrade to the same plans will receive 10GB of
mobile data per month for the same price."

Vodafone is not only stocking the S7 and S7 Edge but gave their customers a
chance to get hold of it early, with customers who pre-ordered before Sunday
receiving their phones on Tuesday- three days earlier than the official launch.

Vodafone's pricing is as follows: To find out more visit the Vodafone online
store.

"Customers can pre-order the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge and Samsung Galaxy S7 on a
Vodafone Red 10GB Bundle for £50 per month or £44 per month respectively.

"Both have an upfront cost of £29 and include unlimited texts, unlimited minutes
and 10GB of data. "Alternatively, customers can pre-order either device on a
Vodafone Red Value 15GB Bundle, at £55 per month for the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge
or £49 per month for the Samsung Galaxy S7.

"Again, both have a £29 upfront cost and include unlimited texts, unlimited
minutes and 15GB of data, as well as a choice of free access to Netflix for 12
months, or Sky Sports Mobile TV, Spotify Premium or a NOW TV Entertainment Pass
for 24 months."

Carphone Warehouse will be stocking the new phones as well in stores and online
at www.carphonewarehouse.com.

The company says: "Both the Samsung Galaxy S7 and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge will be
available for an upfront cost of £79.99, and £129.99 across major networks from
just £36 per month for new and upgrading customers."

Samsung pledge to give away FREE VR headset with preorders of Galaxy S7

Is the Samsung Galaxy S7 too expensive?

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                The Week (Oman)

                                 March 16, 2016

GALAXY S7 AND S7 EDGE LAUNCHED IN OMAN

LENGTH: 645 words


New devices have refined design, advanced cameras and streamlined software
functionality


Samsung Electronics launched the newest additions to the Galaxy family of
products - the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge ­ in Oman last week. Created for
today's con­ sumer lifestyle, the two devices lead the industry with a refined
design, more advanced camera, streamlined software functionality and
unparalleled connectivity to a galaxy of products, services and experiences.



Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge introduce the first Dual Pixel cam­ era on a
smartphone, delivering brighter and sharper images, even in low light. Thanks to
Dual Pixel technology, brighter lens with wider aperture, and bigger pixel, the
camera has a faster shutter speed and a more accurate autofocus even in
low­light condi­ tions. Motion Panorama, a new camera mode, brings movement to
traditional panoramic photos, giv­ ing the user an immersive vis­ ual
experience.

Refined design and function
The 5.1­inch Galaxy S7 and 5.5­ inch Galaxy S7 edge are construct­ ed with 3D
glass and metal in a sleek design with durability and ergonomic curves for a
comfort­ able grip. From work to play, the devices' new Always­On Display gives
users a simplified, zero touch experience where they don't need to worry about
missing a call or important notification.

Without compromising design, both the devices have increased utility with IP68
water and dust resistance. Edge UX, the advanced edge experience available in
Galaxy S7 edge, provides conven­ ience and increased efficiency by creating easy
shortcuts to users' favourite functions such as email, selfie mode, panorama
mode or third party applications.

Enhanced performance
The Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge deliver fast wired and wireless charging
technology. Additionally, the hybrid SIM card tray allows users to insert a
microSD card for up to 200gb of additional storage and in some select coun­
tries, the tray can be used with a dual SIM card.

Samsung also made significant hardware and software updates to opti­ mise gaming
perform­ ance on Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge. The pow­ erful processor and big­
ger battery capacity ensure longer playing time, and the internal cooling system
keeps the device from overheating. Game Launcher, a new add­on for gamers,
allows users to manage battery consumption and minimise notifications.
Additionally, users can record their gaming experience or share their screen to
play with oth­ ers. Paired with Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge, Vulkan API gives
users the ability to play high­performance grap­ hic games with lower bat­ tery
consumption. The Galaxy experience
Samsung Gulf Electronics has also announced the launch of the Galaxy Entertainer
application in conjunction with the launch of the flagship Galaxy S7 and S7 edge
smartphones. The partner­ ship with the Entertainer max­ imises the user
experience for consumers in the Gulf region, by offering more than 1,000 'buy
one get one free' offers that pro­ vides unparalleled access to sev­ eral global
hotspots including restaurants, cafes, premium spas, leisure attractions, golf
courses, luxury hotels and more.

The Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge are now available at all major retailers in
Oman. The rec­ ommended retail price for Galaxy S7 is RO270, while the Galaxy S7
edge is available for RO300.

SPECIFICATIONS
GALAXY S7 AND S7 EDGE
OS ­ Android 6.0 (Marshmallow)
DIMENSION ­ 142.4 x 69.6 x 7.9mm, 152gm
150.9 x 72.6 x 7.7mm, 157gm
DISPLAY ­ 5.1" Quad HD Super AMOLED
2560 X 1440 (577ppi)
5.5" Quad HD Super AMOLED 2560 X 1440 (534ppi)
Edge Screen
CAMERA ­ REAR: Dual Pixel 12MP (F1.7), Smart OIS
FRONT: 5MP (F1.7)
BATTERY - 3,000mAh
3,600mAh
Fast Charging both on wired and wireless
Wireless Charging compatible with WPC and PMA
CONNECTIVITY
WiFi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac (2.4/5GHz), MIMO,
Bluetooth® v 4.2 LE, ANT+, USB 2.0, NFC, Location

(Syndigate.info).

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1


              Copyright 2016 The Week - Apex Press and Publishing.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 11, 2016 Friday 12:01 AM GMT

Samsung Galaxy S7 prices revealed - all the tariffs explained as new smartphone
hits shelves in the UK;
Samsung's latest smartphone goes on sale tomorrow - and here are all the prices
and tariffs you need to consider

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 665 words


The Samsung Galaxy S7 was one of the biggest announcements of this year's Mobile
World Congress.

The Korean company has changed up the design for this year's phone and moved
into the premium territory enjoyed by Apple's iPhones.

That means if you want to get hold of one, you're going to have to dig deep.

The Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge will go on sale in the UK tomorrow , featuring a new
water-resistant design, an SD card slot for expandable memory, and a big enough
battery to watch 13 hours of HD video on a single charge.

The S7 is available SIM-free, from a price of £569, while the S7 Edge price will
start at £639 for a SIM-free handset. A range of contract deals are available
from local operators.

If you don't fancy buying the phone outright, then there are a number of
different tariffs available from the UK's major networks:

Tesco Mobile is stocking the Galaxy S7 and the S7 Edge. All the supermarket's
tariffs include 4G as standard.

Here's a break-down of how Tesco Mobile's options stack up.

Virgin will be stocking both models and will pre-install its WiFi Buddy app on
the devices. That will give users the opportunity to access secure WiFi hotspots
across the country.

"Prices for the Samsung Galaxy S7 start at £34 a month for the 32GB version and
£38 per month for the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge," Virgin Media said in a statement.

"Virgin Media customers can get the Samsung Galaxy S7 in both Black and Gold.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge will be available in Black."

Giffgaff will be stocking the S7 and the S7 Edge and making both available from
tomorrow. The network's prices are as follows.

Samsung Galaxy S7

SIM Free: £569

Monthly: £26.97

Samsung Galaxy S7 edge

SIM Free: £629

Monthly: £29.94

Paying the phone off each month requires a £25 upfront phone deposit over 24
months.

Three has confirmed that the S7 and the S7 Edge are both available to pre-order
in store now.

Here are the list of prices on various tariffs for both phones on Three's
network.

If you're on EE, you can also pre-order the Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 Edge through
the company's website or in-store.

Here's how the network breaks down its pricing:

"The 32GB Galaxy S7 on EE is just £49.99 on a £44.49 a month, 24 month 4GEE
Extra plan, which comes with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 4GB of
mobile data a month.

"The 32GB Galaxy S7 edge is available for just £29.99 on a £49.99 a month, 24
month plan, and comes with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 4GB of mobile
data a month.

"Existing EE customers looking to upgrade to the same plans will receive 10GB of
mobile data per month for the same price."

Vodafone is not only stocking the S7 and S7 Edge but is also giving their
customers a chance to get hold of it early.

"Customers who pre-order before Sunday 6 March, 2016 will receive their device
on Tuesday 8 March, 2016 - 3 days earlier than the official launch," a
spokesperson told Mirror Online.

The rest of Vodafone's pricing is as follows:

"Customers can pre-order the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge and Samsung Galaxy S7 on a
Vodafone Red 10GB Bundle for £50 per month or £44 per month respectively.

"Both have an upfront cost of £29 and include unlimited texts, unlimited minutes
and 10GB of data.   "Alternatively, customers can pre-order either device on a
Vodafone Red Value 15GB Bundle, at £55 per month for the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge
or £49 per month for the Samsung Galaxy S7.

"Again, both have a £29 upfront cost and include unlimited texts, unlimited
minutes and 15GB of data, as well as a choice of free access to Netflix  for 12
months , or Sky Sports Mobile TV, Spotify Premium or a NOW TV Entertainment Pass
for 24 months."

Carphone Warehouse will be stocking the new phones as well .

The company says: "Both the Samsung Galaxy S7 and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge will be
available for an upfront cost of £79.99, and £129.99 across major networks from
just £36 per month for new and upgrading customers."

Samsung pledge to give away FREE VR headset with preorders of Galaxy S7

Is the Samsung Galaxy S7 too expensive?

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge launched in Colombo

LENGTH: 387 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, March 17 -- Taking the smartphone world by surprise, leading South
Korean smartphone maker Samsung on Tuesday launched its highly anticipated
flagship smartphones Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge in Colombo.

Both the phones come with smooth edges and big screens and are equipped with
bigger pixels and brighter lens.

The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and 5.5-inch Galaxy S7 Edge come with sleek designs and
are beautifully crafted from 3D glass and metal and given ergonomic curves for a
comfortable grip. Both the phones run on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) operating
system and come with innovations in design, software functionality, imaging and
connectivity with a host of other services.

Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge introduce the first Dual Pixel camera on a
smartphone, delivering brighter and sharper images, even in low light. Galaxy S7
and Galaxy S7 edge are powered with LTE Cat 9 connectivity.

Speaking at the launch, Youngmin Shin, Managing Director of Samsung Electronics,
Sri Lanka, said," With Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge, we bring to our consumers
devices that shape the future and meet their varied needs in the present. The
smartphones are powered by meaningful innovations that will make the lives of
people better."

Samsung Galaxy S 7 and S7 edge are equipped with the Galaxy S7 Edge features
curves on both sides and have "Always-On Display" that gives users a simplified,
zero touch experience to check about a missed call or SMS. Both the devices are
IP68 water and dust resistant. Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge deliver fast wired
and wireless charging technology and offers LTE Cat.9 connectivity.

The Samsung has also re-engineered the battery that is incredibly large in terms
of amps.

Both the new smartphones deliver powerful performance with the hybrid SIM card
slot. Adding to the convenience, it allows users to insert a microSD card up to
200GB of additional storage.

Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge will officially go on sale starting from
March 18 in BlackOnyx, Gold Platinum and Silver Titanium colours and are
available at a price of Rs 113,750 (32 GB) and Rs. 129,800 (32 GB),
respectively.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily News Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Chennai Online

                         February 22, 2016 6:30 AM EST

Samsung's Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge smartphones create global buzz

LENGTH: 621  words


Building the heat at the ongoing Mobile World Congress (MWC) in Barcelona,
Spain, the leading Korean smartphone maker Samsung released its flagship
smartphone Galaxy S7, its curved-screen companion Galaxy S7 Edge and Gear 360
camera that will take the high-end smartphone war to a new high.

According to the tech website www.igalaxys7.com, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge
will be available in India with a reported price of Rs.53000 and Rs.60000,
respectively. The smartphones are expected to hit the market by mid-March this
year.

"We believe in a world that is brighter, sharper, more convenient, and more fun.
We strive to deliver on that vision with the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge by
marrying elegant design with functionality and providing a seamless mobile
experience," DJ Koh, president of mobile communications business, Samsung
Electronics, said in a statement released on the first day of three-day MWC that
began on Sunday.

Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg also made a surprised appearance during
the launch, announcing that his company and Samsung are teaming up to push
virtual reality (VR) features in smartphones and social networking experience.

The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and 5.5-inch Galaxy S7 edge are constructed with 3D glass
and metal and given ergonomic curves for a comfortable grip.

The new Galaxy devices look similar to its predecessors Galaxy S6. The Galaxy S7
Edge features curves on all four sides.

The device's new Always-On Display gives users a simplified, zero touch
experience to check about a miss call or SMS. Both the devices are IP68 water
and dust resistant.

The new phones have advanced cameras for high-quality images.

The company has introduced the first dual pixel camera on Galaxy S7 and Galaxy
S7 edge smartphones, delivering brighter and sharper images even in low light.
The Dual Pixel technology gives clear photos with a brighter lens with wider
aperture and bigger pixel.

The camera has a faster shutter speed and a more accurate autofocus even in
low-light conditions.

Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge deliver fast wired and wireless charging
technology. Additionally, the hybrid SIM card tray allows users to insert a
microSD card for up to 200GB of additional storage.

Samsung also made significant hardware and software updates to optimise gaming
performance on Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge.

The Samsung Galaxy S7 runs on an Octa core (2.3GHz Quad + 1.6GHz Quad), 64 bit
processor and has a 4GB RAM.

It has a 2560 X 1440 (534ppi) 5.1-inch Quad HD Super AMOLED display with Dual
Pixel 12-megapixel (F1.7) rear and 5-megapixel (F1.7) cameras.

Meanwhile, Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge runs on an Quadcore (2.15GHz Dual + 1.6GHz
Dual), 64 bit processor and has a 4GB RAM.

It has a 2560 X 1440 (577ppi) 5.5-inch Quad HD Super AMOLED display with Dual
Pixel 12-megapixel (F1.7) rear and 5-megapixel (F1.7) cameras.

Both phones runs on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) operating system.

The powerful processer and bigger battery capacity (3,000mAh in Galaxy S7 and
3,600mAh in Galaxy S7 Edge ) ensure longer playing time, and the internal
cooling system keeps the device from overheating.

The smartphones have an enhanced Galaxy experience in VR apps and games.
"Together, this is by far the best mobile VR experience you can offer,"
Zuckerberg added.

The devices are protected by Samsung KNOX, fingerprint scanning and advanced
tokenization and have NFC (Near Field Communication), MST (Magnetic Secure
Transmission) and Barcode technology, making mobile payments easy.

Samsung also unveiled a new spherical camera called the Gear 360 that connects
to Samsung's phones to capture, view and share 360-degree video and still
images. The device is designed to supplement Samsung's Gear VR headset and
related software.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


 Copyright 2016 Chennai Interactive Business Services (P) Ltd., distributed by
                                  Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   Arab News

                          February 24, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung unveils new additions to Galaxy family products

LENGTH: 302 words


ARAB NEWS


Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. has announced the newest additions to its Galaxy
family products -- Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge.
"Created for today's consumer lifestyle, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge lead the
industry with a refined design, more advanced camera, streamlined software
functionality and unparalleled connectivity to a galaxy of products, services,
and experiences," the company stated.


"We believe in a world that is brighter, sharper, more convenient, and more fun.
We strive to deliver on that vision with the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge by
marrying elegant design with functionality and providing a seamless mobile
experience," said D.J. Koh, president of mobile communications business, Samsung
Electronics.
"We empower consumers with technology to help them get more out of life and will
continue to push the frontier of what's possible," he added.
Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge introduce the first Dual Pixel camera on a smart
phone, delivering brighter and sharper images, even in low light.
The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and 5.5-inch Galaxy S7 edge are constructed with 3D glass
and metal -- all in a sleek design with durability and ergonomic curves for a
comfortable grip.
Without compromising design, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge both have increased
utility with IP68 water and dust resistance.
Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge deliver fast wired and wireless charging
technology.
Samsung also made significant hardware and software updates to optimize gaming
performance on Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge.
Samsung continues to push the boundaries of hardware, software and services to
create devices that are designed to improve how consumers connect, share,
organize and get more out of life.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/7/9/90/145629506808.jpg

Samsung unveils new additions to Galaxy family products

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 9


           Copyright 2016 Arab News - Saudi Research & Publishing Co.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                              June 3, 2016 Friday

Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge launched; to hit market by mid-March

LENGTH: 628  words

DATELINE: Barcelona


Barcelona, June 3 -- Building the heat at the ongoing Mobile World Congress
(MWC) in Barcelona, Spain, the leading Korean smartphone maker Samsung released
its flagship smartphone Galaxy S7, its curved-screen companion Galaxy S7 Edge
and Gear 360 camera that will take the high-end smartphone war to a new high.


 According to the tech website www.igalaxys7.com, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge
will be available in India with a reported price of Rs 53000 and Rs 60000,
respectively. The smartphones are expected to hit the market by mid-March this
year.
 "We believe in a world that is brighter, sharper, more convenient, and more
fun. We strive to deliver on that vision with the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge
by marrying elegant design with functionality and providing a seamless mobile
experience," DJ Koh, president of mobile communications business, Samsung
Electronics, said in a statement released on the first day of three-day MWC that
began on Sunday.
 Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg also made a surprised appearance
during the launch, announcing that his company and Samsung are teaming up to
push virtual reality (VR) features in smartphones and social networking
experience.
 The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and 5.5-inch Galaxy S7 edge are constructed with 3D
glass and metal and given ergonomic curves for a comfortable grip.
 The new Galaxy devices look similar to its predecessors Galaxy S6. The Galaxy
S7 Edge features curves on all four sides.
 The device's new Always-On Display gives users a simplified, zero touch
experience to check about a miss call or SMS. Both the devices are IP68 water
and dust resistant.
 The new phones have advanced cameras for high-quality images.
 The company has introduced the first dual pixel camera on Galaxy S7 and Galaxy
S7 edge smartphones, delivering brighter and sharper images even in low light.
The Dual Pixel technology gives clear photos with a brighter lens with wider
aperture and bigger pixel.
 The camera has a faster shutter speed and a more accurate autofocus even in
low-light conditions.
 Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge deliver fast wired and wireless charging
technology. Additionally, the hybrid SIM card tray allows users to insert a
microSD card for up to 200GB of additional storage.
 Samsung also made significant hardware and software updates to optimise gaming
performance on Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge.
 The Samsung Galaxy S7 runs on an Octa core (2.3GHz Quad + 1.6GHz Quad), 64 bit
processor and has a 4GB RAM.
 It has a 2560 X 1440 (534ppi) 5.1-inch Quad HD Super AMOLED display with Dual
Pixel 12-megapixel (F1.7) rear and 5-megapixel (F1.7) cameras.
 Meanwhile, Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge runs on an Quadcore (2.15GHz Dual + 1.6GHz
Dual), 64 bit processor and has a 4GB RAM.
 It has a 2560 X 1440 (577ppi) 5.5-inch Quad HD Super AMOLED display with Dual
Pixel 12-megapixel (F1.7) rear and 5-megapixel (F1.7) cameras.
 Both phones runs on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) operating system.
 The powerful processer and bigger battery capacity (3,000mAh in Galaxy S7 and
3,600mAh in Galaxy S7 Edge ) ensure longer playing time, and the internal
cooling system keeps the device from overheating.
 The smartphones have an enhanced Galaxy experience in VR apps and games.
"Together, this is by far the best mobile VR experience you can offer,"
Zuckerberg added.
 The devices are protected by Samsung KNOX, fingerprint scanning and advanced
tokenization and have NFC (Near Field Communication), MST (Magnetic Secure
Transmission) and Barcode technology, making mobile payments easy.
 Samsung also unveiled a new spherical camera called the Gear 360 that connects
to Samsung's phones to capture, view and share 360-degree video and still
images. The device is designed to supplement Samsung's Gear VR headset and
related software.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge launched; to hit market by mid-March

LENGTH: 628  words

DATELINE: Barcelona


Barcelona, Feb. 23 -- Building the heat at the ongoing Mobile World Congress
(MWC) in Barcelona, Spain, the leading Korean smartphone maker Samsung released
its flagship smartphone Galaxy S7, its curved-screen companion Galaxy S7 Edge
and Gear 360 camera that will take the high-end smartphone war to a new high.


 According to the tech website www.igalaxys7.com, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge
will be available in India with a reported price of Rs 53000 and Rs 60000,
respectively. The smartphones are expected to hit the market by mid-March this
year.
 "We believe in a world that is brighter, sharper, more convenient, and more
fun. We strive to deliver on that vision with the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge
by marrying elegant design with functionality and providing a seamless mobile
experience," DJ Koh, president of mobile communications business, Samsung
Electronics, said in a statement released on the first day of three-day MWC that
began on Sunday.
 Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg also made a surprised appearance
during the launch, announcing that his company and Samsung are teaming up to
push virtual reality (VR) features in smartphones and social networking
experience.
 The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and 5.5-inch Galaxy S7 edge are constructed with 3D
glass and metal and given ergonomic curves for a comfortable grip.
 The new Galaxy devices look similar to its predecessors Galaxy S6. The Galaxy
S7 Edge features curves on all four sides.
 The device's new Always-On Display gives users a simplified, zero touch
experience to check about a miss call or SMS. Both the devices are IP68 water
and dust resistant.
 The new phones have advanced cameras for high-quality images.
 The company has introduced the first dual pixel camera on Galaxy S7 and Galaxy
S7 edge smartphones, delivering brighter and sharper images even in low light.
The Dual Pixel technology gives clear photos with a brighter lens with wider
aperture and bigger pixel.
 The camera has a faster shutter speed and a more accurate autofocus even in
low-light conditions.
 Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge deliver fast wired and wireless charging
technology. Additionally, the hybrid SIM card tray allows users to insert a
microSD card for up to 200GB of additional storage.
 Samsung also made significant hardware and software updates to optimise gaming
performance on Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge.
 The Samsung Galaxy S7 runs on an Octa core (2.3GHz Quad + 1.6GHz Quad), 64 bit
processor and has a 4GB RAM.
 It has a 2560 X 1440 (534ppi) 5.1-inch Quad HD Super AMOLED display with Dual
Pixel 12-megapixel (F1.7) rear and 5-megapixel (F1.7) cameras.
 Meanwhile, Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge runs on an Quadcore (2.15GHz Dual + 1.6GHz
Dual), 64 bit processor and has a 4GB RAM.
 It has a 2560 X 1440 (577ppi) 5.5-inch Quad HD Super AMOLED display with Dual
Pixel 12-megapixel (F1.7) rear and 5-megapixel (F1.7) cameras.
 Both phones runs on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) operating system.
 The powerful processer and bigger battery capacity (3,000mAh in Galaxy S7 and
3,600mAh in Galaxy S7 Edge ) ensure longer playing time, and the internal
cooling system keeps the device from overheating.
 The smartphones have an enhanced Galaxy experience in VR apps and games.
"Together, this is by far the best mobile VR experience you can offer,"
Zuckerberg added.
 The devices are protected by Samsung KNOX, fingerprint scanning and advanced
tokenization and have NFC (Near Field Communication), MST (Magnetic Secure
Transmission) and Barcode technology, making mobile payments easy.
 Samsung also unveiled a new spherical camera called the Gear 360 that connects
to Samsung's phones to capture, view and share 360-degree video and still
images. The device is designed to supplement Samsung's Gear VR headset and
related software.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                        May 23, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Buy or lease Samsung Galaxy S7 and get 32-inch Samsung LED Smart HDTV for free
at Best Buy

BYLINE: John DiPietro

LENGTH: 618  words


Best Buy has come up a new offer in which customers will get a free 32-inch
Samsung LED Smart HDTV worth $219.99 with Samsung Galaxy S7. To avail the offer
customer either needs to buy or lease and activate a Samsung Galaxy S7 or Galaxy
S7 edge with a two-year contract.

In order to have the offer, customers will be required to add the Galaxy S7 or
Galaxy S7 edge into their cart on Best Buy's online store. By doing so, free TV
will be automatically added to the customer's cart.

The offer also allows customers to upgrade the smart TV by signing up for
Samsung's latest flagship smartphones. By paying additional $250, customers can
see the packaged Samsung LED Smart HDTV bumped into a 48-inch one.

In order to take advantage of the upgrade, customers will have to purchase
Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 Edge through one of Best Buy's physical retail stores.
You can avail the offer until June 4, which means that customers have less than
two weeks time period.

It should be noted that interested buyers need to be bit quick as there are only
a limited quantity of the Samsung LED Smart HDTVs. As per experts, the Galaxy S7
and Galaxy S7 edge are expected to be top sellers in the United States this
quarter.

The Galaxy S7 has been ranked at the fifth position in sales for the first
quarter and now, it has been expected that the device will fare better in the
second quarter as well. Those who have been planning to buy Galaxy S7 can go
through these configurations, including a 5.1-inch AMOLED display, complemented
by 2,560 x 1,440 pixels resolution and Corning Gorilla Glass 4 protection.

Other features include a 12-megapixel rear-facing camera unit, a 5-megapixel
front-facing snapper and 32 GB or 64 GB of native storage space.

According to a report in Tech Times by  Aaron Mamiit, "Best Buy has released a
deal that will give customers a free 32-inch Samsung LED Smart HDTV, worth
$219.99, by buying or leasing and activating a Samsung Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7
edge with a two-year contract, a Sprint lease or a monthly installment plan for
Sprint, Verizon and AT&T.;"

According to data from Kantar Worldpanel, the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge are
expected to rule the United States market this quarter, with sales booming right
from the launch of the smartphones on March 11. The Galaxy S7 was ranked fifth
among smartphones in sales for the first quarter despite only being available
for a few weeks, and so it is anticipated that the device will fare even better
for the second quarter.

"Starting yesterday and running through June 4th, Best Buy is running a deal on
the Samsung Galaxy S7 and Samsung Galaxy S7 edge. Purchase or lease either
handset with a signed two-year contract, Sprint Lease or EIP via Verizon, AT&T
or Sprint, and you'll be receiving a free Samsung  32-inch Class LED Smart HDTV.
The set is valued at $219.99. This deal is available online or in the stores,"
according to a news report published by Phone Arena.

Or, if you don't mind putting up some extra cash, you can buy or lease the
Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 edge, activate the phone, and buy the Samsung 48-inch
Class LED Smart HDTV for just $250. This deal is available in Best Buy stores
only.

A report published in CNET said, "Customers who buy or lease a Samsung Galaxy S7
or S7 Edge at the retailer will also get a free 32-inch Samsung Smart HDTV, Best
Buy said Sunday. For another $250, buyers can upgrade to a 48-inch Samsung Smart
HDTV. Activation is required."

The new flagship phones, which launched last month, are dramatically different
from their predecessors. They feature expandable storage (which was missing from
the previous models) and are water-resistant again. They also sport bigger
batteries and more powerful processors.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Afternoon Voice (India)

                             March 8, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung Galaxy S7 launched at Rs 48,900, S7 Edge at Rs 56,900 in India

LENGTH: 476 words

DATELINE: India


India, March 8 -- Taking the smartphone world by surprise, leading South Korean
smartphone maker Samsung on Tuesday launched its flagship smartphone Galaxy S7
and its curved-screen companion Galaxy S7 Edge at an irresistible price of
Rs.48,900 and Rs.56,900, respectively.

The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and 5.5-inch Galaxy S7 Edge are constructed with 3D glass
and metal and given ergonomic curves for a comfortable grip.

The smartphones come with innovations in design, imaging, software functionality
and connectivity with a host of other services.

The company is also giving away free Gear virtual reality (VR) to it customers
who pre-order the devices between March 8-18.

"I feel proud when I see the evolution of mobile devices that we have brought
from our first mobile phone in 1988 to the current series of Galaxy S
smartphones. Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge take a bigger leap by re-imagining
what a smartphone can be," Ken Kang, managing director, mobile & IT, Samsung
India Electronics, said in a statement.

The new Galaxy devices look similar to its predecessors Galaxy S6. The Galaxy S7
Edge features curves on both sides and have "Always-On Display" that gives users
a simplified, zero touch experience to check about a missed call or SMS.

Both the devices are IP68 water and dust resistant. The new phones have advanced
cameras for high-quality images.

The company has introduced the first dual pixel camera on Galaxy S7 and Galaxy
S7 Edge smartphones, delivering brighter and sharper images even in low light.

Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge deliver fast wired and wireless charging technology
and offers LTE Cat.9 connectivity.

Additionally, the company brought back its expandable memory feature with the
hybrid SIM card that allows users to insert a microSD card for up to 200GB of
additional storage.

Samsung also made significant hardware and software updates to optimise gaming
performance on Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge.

Both the phones run on an Octa core (2.3GHz Quad + 1.6GHz Quad), 64 bit
processor and has a 4GB RAM.

Samsung Galaxy S7 has a 2560 X 1440 (534ppi) 5.1-inch Quad HD Super AMOLED
display with Dual Pixel 12-megapixel (F1.7) rear and 5-megapixel (F1.7) cameras.

The Galaxy S7 Edge has a 2560 X 1440 (577ppi) 5.5-inch Quad HD Super AMOLED
display with Dual Pixel 12-megapixel (F1.7) rear and 5-megapixel (F1.7) cameras.

Both phones run on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) operating system.

The powerful processer and bigger battery capacity (3,000mAh in Galaxy S7 and
3,600mAh in Galaxy S7 Edge) ensure longer playing time, and the internal cooling
system keeps the device from overheating.

The devices will be available in the open market from March 18.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Afternoon Voice. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 afternoonvoice.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Saudi Gazette

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung rolls out next generation smartphones at MWC '16 in Barcelona

LENGTH: 514  words


BARCELONA - Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd announced the newest additions to the
Galaxy family of products, Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge at the ongoing
Mobile World Congress (MWC) in Spain on Sunday. Created for today's consumer
lifestyle, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge lead the industry with a refined design,
more advanced camera, streamlined software functionality and unparalleled
connectivity to a galaxy of products, services, and experiences.

"We believe in a world that is brighter, sharper, more convenient, and more fun.
We strive to deliver on that vision with the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge by
marrying elegant design with functionality and providing a seamless mobile
experience," said DJ Koh, President of Mobile Communications Business, Samsung
Electronics. "We empower consumers with technology to help them get more out of
life and will continue to push the frontier of what's possible."

Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge introduce the first Dual Pixel camera on a
smartphone, delivering brighter and sharper images, even in low light. Thanks to
the revolutionary Dual Pixel technology, brighter lens with wider aperture, and
bigger pixel, the camera has a faster shutter speed and a more accurate
autofocus even in low-light conditions. Motion Panorama, a new camera mode,
brings movement to traditional panoramic photos, giving the user a completely
immersive visual experience.

The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and 5.5-inch Galaxy S7 edge are constructed with 3D glass
and metal - all in a sleek design with durability and ergonomic curves for a
comfortable grip. From work to play, the device's new Always-On Display, gives
users a simplified, zero touch experience where they don't need to worry about
missing a call or important notification.

Without compromising design, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge both have increased
utility with IP68 water and dust resistance. Edge UX, the advanced edge
experience available on Galaxy S7 edge, provides convenience and increased
efficiency by creating easy shortcuts to users' most loved functions such as
email, selfie mode, panorama mode or third party applications.

Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge deliver fast wired and wireless charging
technology. Additionally, the hybrid SIM card tray allows users to insert a
microSD card for up to 200GB of additional storage and in some select countries,
the tray can be used with a dual SIM card.

Samsung also made significant hardware and software updates to optimize gaming
performance on Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge. The powerful processor and bigger
battery capacity ensure longer playing time, and the internal cooling system
keeps the device from overheating. Game Launcher, a new add-on for gamers,
allows users to manage battery consumption and minimize notifications.
Additionally, users can record their gaming experience or share their screen to
play with others. Paired with Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge, Vulkan API gives
users the ability to play high-performance graphic games with lower battery
consumption. - SG

http://imgs.syndigate.info/511/1526/19/145622542856.jpg

Galaxy S7 edge

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1526


                       Copyright 2016 The Saudi Gazette.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge phone specifications

LENGTH: 729  words

DATELINE: Barcelona


Barcelona, Feb. 22 -- Building the heat at the ongoing Mobile World Congress
(MWC) in Barcelona, Spain, the leading Korean smartphone maker Samsung released
its flagship smartphone Galaxy S7, its curved-screen companion Galaxy S7 Edge
and Gear 360 camera that will take the high-end smartphone war to a new high.


 According to the tech website www.igalaxys7.com, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge
will be available in India with a reported price of Rs. 53,000 and Rs. 60,000,
respectively. The smartphones are expected to hit the market by mid-March this
year.
 "We believe in a world that is brighter, sharper, more convenient, and more
fun. We strive to deliver on that vision with the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge
by marrying elegant design with functionality and providing a seamless mobile
experience," D.J. Koh, president of mobile communications business, Samsung
Electronics, said in a statement released on the first day of three-day MWC that
began on Sunday.
 Anshul Gupta, research director at Gartner said that Samsung is at a juncture
where it needed a device which can turn around its fate of slowing smartphone
sales.
 "Its new Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge are much better and a refined version of its
previous version. There are some really nice enhancements like camera, dual
SIM/expandable memory. However, with similar look & feel and changes mostly
inside it will be difficult to draw customer to retail for replacement," he
added.
 Facebook and Samsung team up
 Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg also made a surprise appearance during
the launch, announcing that his company and Samsung are teaming up to push
virtual reality (VR) features in smartphones and social networking experience.
 The phones:
 The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and 5.5-inch Galaxy S7 Edge are constructed with 3D
glass and metal and given ergonomic curves for a comfortable grip.
 The new Galaxy devices look similar to its predecessors Galaxy S6. The Galaxy
S7 Edge features curves on all four sides.
 Features
 The device's new Always-On Display gives users a simplified, zero touch
experience to check about a missed call or SMS. Both the devices are IP68 water
and dust resistant.
 Photo: samsung.com
 Camera
 The new phones have advanced cameras for high-quality images.
 The company has introduced the first dual pixel camera on Galaxy S7 and Galaxy
S7 Edge smartphones, delivering brighter and sharper images even in low light.
The Dual Pixel technology gives clear photos with a brighter lens with wider
aperture and bigger pixel.
 The camera has a faster shutter speed and a more accurate autofocus even in
low-light conditions.
 Optimised performance
 Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge deliver fast wired and wireless charging
technology. Additionally, the hybrid SIM card tray allows users to insert a
microSD card for up to 200GB of additional storage.
 Samsung also made significant hardware and software updates to optimise gaming
performance on Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge.
 Software
 * The Samsung Galaxy S7 runs on an Octa core (2.3GHz Quad + 1.6GHz Quad), 64
bit processor and has a 4GB RAM.
 * It has a 2560 X 1440 (534ppi) 5.1-inch Quad HD Super AMOLED display with Dual
Pixel 12-megapixel (F1.7) rear and 5-megapixel (F1.7) cameras.
 * Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge runs on an Quadcore (2.15GHz Dual + 1.6GHz Dual), 64
bit processor and has a 4GB RAM.
 * It has a 2560 X 1440 (577ppi) 5.5-inch Quad HD Super AMOLED display with Dual
Pixel 12-megapixel (F1.7) rear and 5-megapixel (F1.7) cameras.
 Both phones run on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) operating system.
 Enhanced experience
 The powerful processer and bigger battery capacity (3,000mAh in Galaxy S7 and
3,600mAh in Galaxy S7 Edge) ensure longer playing time, and the internal cooling
system keeps the device from overheating.
 The smartphones have an enhanced Galaxy experience in VR apps and games.
"Together, this is by far the best mobile VR experience you can offer," Mr.
Zuckerberg added.
 The devices are protected by Samsung KNOX, fingerprint scanning and advanced
tokenization and have NFC (Near Field Communication), MST (Magnetic Secure
Transmission) and Barcode technology, making mobile payments easy.
 Samsung also unveiled a new spherical camera called the Gear 360 that connects
to Samsung's phones to capture, view and share 360-degree video and still
images. The device is designed to supplement Samsung's Gear VR headset and
related software.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                      March 17, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Review: Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge offer significant improvements over previous
handsets

BYLINE: John DiPietro

LENGTH: 703  words


Samsung's latest flagship Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge smartphones are all about bright
and fast displays; spectacular cameras, adequate battery life and great overall
performance. Samsung has included some of the amazing features from its earlier
handsets in Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge smartphones.

To cite an example, removable microSD storage cards and water-resistance
features that were available in the former S5 model made a comeback to the
Galaxy S7 line. Spectacular cameras are another USP of both the S7 and the S7
Edge.

They posses 12-megapixel rear cameras and also include Samsung's first
dual-pixel technology that results into great images even in low light. Camera
performance by the newest Samsung cameras has been appreciated by experts and is
truly impressive.

The new 'always-on' displays featured on both models is an exciting feature
providing vital information to users without requiring them to activate a button
to view the main displays. Galaxy S7 has a 5.1-inch quad-HD Super AMOLED display
and the Galaxy S7 Edge features a 5.5-inch quad-HD Super AMOLED display.

Grip has been found to be an issue with both handsets. One cannot place the S7
or S7 Edge on an incline on any surface. In comparison with S7, S7 Edge is
larger and has curved side edges therefore is better than the former in this
case. If you want to own one of them then an immediate step after the purchase
would be to buy a protective thin rear skin or a case to keep the same safe from
sliding and potential damage.

Both the handsets have Qualcomm quad-core 2.15GHz and 1.6GHz processors for US
users and include 4GB of LPDDR4 memory. They have 32 GB inbuilt storage and
micro SD expansion slots that support storage cards of up to 200 GB.

Both the handsets have been built with metal chassis and run on the Android 6.0
Marshmallow operating system. The Galaxy S7 is 5.6 inches long, 2.74 inches
wide, 0.31 inches thick and weighs 5.36 ounces. The Galaxy S7 Edge is 5.94
inches long, 2.85 inches wide, 0.30 inches thick and weighs 5.53 ounces. They
are available in Black Onyx or Gold Platinum colors or Silver Titanium.

According to a report from the NYTimes News, "With two new flagship phones - the
Galaxy S7 and the Galaxy S7 Edge, which were released last week - Samsung is
hoping to overcome those criticisms. The phones, which cost roughly $700 to
$800, are water-resistant, equipped with fast cameras and capable of displaying
virtual-reality apps and games through Samsung's headset, the Gear VR. Samsung
also loaded the new phones with about a third less software than previous
versions."

"We know that one thing that our users want is a little bit less software, and
we've made a serious effort with this device to include less," said Philip
Berne, a Samsung marketing manager. "It's all about the ability to have the
choice to do whatever the heck you want with your phone," she said of the
Android system. "That's why I get so angry about carrier bloat."

In other news IBTimes reported, "Since Samsung has released its Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 Edge smartphones, the rumor mill is now talking about the purported
features of the Samsung Galaxy Note 6. It will be launched to replace the Galaxy
Note 5 from 2015."

Samsung is now aggressively marketing its Gear VR headset as it is offering it
free for Galaxy S7 preorder customers. If the Galaxy Note 6 arrives with support
or 4K resolution, it will be able to deliver topnotch gameplay, video playback
and image viewing experience, Android Central reported.

In a statement provided to CNET News, "Samsung's newest members of its flagship
Galaxy phone family are now on sale. The S7 and S7 Edge aren't gigantic leaps
over the Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge, but they pack enough features to make them
worthy of the name. You'll find a better camera and a massively bigger battery
and such non-iPhone features as expandable storage (it's back!) and wireless
charging. And the S7 Edge, of course, has that lovely wraparound display."

We've spent the last week getting to know our phones better. Here's what you
need to know to get the most out of your devices. The Samsung Galaxy S7 is the
phone gamers have been waiting for: Samsung's Galaxy S7 packs amazing gaming
tools; here's how to use them.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   Arab Times

                             March 15, 2016 Tuesday

Zain offers new Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge

LENGTH: 569 words


KUWAIT CITY, March 15: Zain, the leading telecommunications company in Kuwait,
launched its latest Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge with plans for postpaid
customers with more talk time and more data starting from KD 21 monthly.

The new smartphone plans allow postpaid customers to enjoy exciting features,
including 50 GBs of monthly data, 500 local minutes, unlimited SMS messages, as
well as free Zain Wi-Fi at The Avenues and Souq Sharq.

Zain is committed to bringing its customers the latest and most advanced
products in the telecommunications world, as it strives to enrich their lives
with technology's most advanced solutions. A great number of Zain customers are
devoted Samsung Galaxy users who are keen to enjoy the latest technological
offers.

The Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge introduce the first Dual Pixel camera on a
smartphone, delivering brighter and sharper images, even in low light. Thanks to
the revolutionary Dual Pixel technology, brighter lens with wider aperture, and
bigger pixel, the camera has a faster shutter speed and a more accurate
autofocus even in low-light conditions. Motion Panorama, a new camera mode,
brings movement to traditional panoramic photos, giving the user a completely
immersive visual experience.

The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and 5.5-inch Galaxy S7 Edge are constructed with 3D glass
and metal -- all in a sleek design with durability and ergonomic curves for a
comfortable grip. From work to play, the device's new Always-On Display, gives
users a simplified, zero touch experience where they don't need to worry about
missing a call or important notification.

Without compromising design, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge both have increased
utility with IP68 water and dust resistance. Edge UX, the advanced edge
experience available on Galaxy S7 Edge, provides convenience and increased
efficiency by creating easy shortcuts to users' most loved functions such as
email, selfie mode, panorama mode or third party applications.

Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge deliver fast wired and wireless charging
technology. Additionally, the hybrid SIM card tray allows users to insert a
microSD card for up to 128GB of additional storage and in some select countries;
the tray can be used with a dual SIM card.

It's worth mentioning that every official Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge device will
include Galaxy Entertainer app, which provides over 1,000 buy 1 get 1 free
coupons that provides wide access to several global hotspots including luxury
hotels, cafes, premium spas, amusement parks, golf clubs and much more.

Samsung also made significant hardware and software updates to optimize gaming
performance on Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge. The powerful processer and bigger
battery capacity ensure longer playing time, and the internal cooling system
keeps the device from overheating. Game Launcher, a new add-on for gamers,
allows users to manage battery consumption and minimize notifications.
Additionally, users can record their gaming experience or share their screen to
play with others. Paired with Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge, Vulkan API gives
users the ability to play high-performance graphic games with lower battery
consumption.

Zain emphasizes its commitment to the needs of the largest customer base in
Kuwait, and will continuously look into expanding its horizons to keep customers
conveniently connected, to download content and stay in touch with their loved
ones throughout the day.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1143


                 Copyright 2016 Arab Times Kuwait English Daily
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                             March 8, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge to be launched in India today

LENGTH: 346  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, March 8 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Samsung's new flagship smartphones Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge will hit the
Indian market on Tuesday (March 8), as the company looks to bolster sales to
buck the slowdown in smartphone industry growth.


 The South Korean tech giant has, so far, not revealed the prices. However,
according to the tech website www.igalaxys7.com, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge
will be available in India with a reported price of Rs 53,000 and Rs 60,000,
respectively.
 With Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge, Samsung has introduced the first dual-pixel
camera on a smartphone, which delivers brighter and sharper images, even in low
light.
 MUST READ
 Samsung Galaxy S7 to cost Rs 53,000 in India
 The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and 5.5-inch Galaxy S7 edge are constructed with 3D
glass and metal and are water and dust resistance.
 The hybrid sim card tray allows users to insert a microSD card for up to 200GB
of additional storage and in some select countries, the tray can be used with
dual sim cards.
 MUST READ
 Samsung launches flagship Galaxy S7, S7 edge at MWC 2016
 The device's new Always-On Display gives users a simplified, zero touch
experience to check about a missed call or SMS.
 The Samsung Galaxy S7 runs on an Octa core (2.3GHz Quad + 1.6GHz Quad), 64 bit
processor and has a 4GB RAM. Both phones run on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow)
operating system.
 MUST READ
 Pre-registration for Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 edge begins in India
 India is an important market for handset makers as it is witnessing strong
sales growth rates at a time when global sales are waning.
 According to research firm IDC, the global smartphone market saw shipment
growing 10.1 percent to 1.43 billion units in 2015 from 1.30 million units in
2014.
 Shipments in India grew 28.8 percent in 2015 to 103.6 million units over the
previous year, making it one of the world's fastest growing markets globally.
 Samsung is a leader in both global and Indian market. At the end of December
2015 quarter, it had a global market share of 21.4%, while in India it had 26.8
percent share.
 With Agency Inputs

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                              March 7, 2016 Monday

Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 edge to be launched in India tomorrow

LENGTH: 346  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, March 7 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Samsung's new flagship smartphones Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge will hit the
Indian market on Tuesday (March 8), as the company looks to bolster sales to
buck the slowdown in smartphone industry growth.


 The South Korean tech giant has, so far, not revealed the prices. However,
according to the tech website www.igalaxys7.com, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge
will be available in India with a reported price of Rs 53,000 and Rs 60,000,
respectively.
 With Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge, Samsung has introduced the first dual-pixel
camera on a smartphone, which delivers brighter and sharper images, even in low
light.
 MUST READ
 Samsung Galaxy S7 to cost Rs 53,000 in India
 The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and 5.5-inch Galaxy S7 edge are constructed with 3D
glass and metal and are water and dust resistance.
 The hybrid sim card tray allows users to insert a microSD card for up to 200GB
of additional storage and in some select countries, the tray can be used with
dual sim cards.
 MUST READ
 Samsung launches flagship Galaxy S7, S7 edge at MWC 2016
 The device's new Always-On Display gives users a simplified, zero touch
experience to check about a missed call or SMS.
 The Samsung Galaxy S7 runs on an Octa core (2.3GHz Quad + 1.6GHz Quad), 64 bit
processor and has a 4GB RAM. Both phones run on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow)
operating system.
 MUST READ
 Pre-registration for Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 edge begins in India
 India is an important market for handset makers as it is witnessing strong
sales growth rates at a time when global sales are waning.
 According to research firm IDC, the global smartphone market saw shipment
growing 10.1 percent to 1.43 billion units in 2015 from 1.30 million units in
2014.
 Shipments in India grew 28.8 percent in 2015 to 103.6 million units over the
previous year, making it one of the world's fastest growing markets globally.
 Samsung is a leader in both global and Indian market. At the end of December
2015 quarter, it had a global market share of 21.4%, while in India it had 26.8
percent share.
 With Agency Inputs

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                            February 26, 2016 Friday

Samsung unveils next generation smartphones

SECTION: Vol. 14 No. 57

LENGTH: 379  words


Samsung Electronics announced the newest additions to the Galaxy family of
products, Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge. Created for today's consumer
lifestyle, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge lead the industry with a refined design,
more advanced camera, streamlined software functionality and unparalleled
connectivity to a galaxy of products, services, and experiences. "We believe in
a world that is brighter, sharper, more convenient, and more fun. We strive to
deliver on that vision with the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge by marrying elegant
design with functionality and providing a seamless mobile experience," said
Samsung Electronics Mobile Communications Business President DJ Koh. "We empower
consumers with technology to help them get more out of life and will continue to
push the frontier of what's possible." Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge introduce
the first dual pixel camera on a smartphone, delivering brighter and sharper
images, even in low light.

Thanks to the revolutionary dual pixel technology, brighter lens with wider
aperture, and bigger pixel, the camera has a faster shutter speed and a more
accurate autofocus even in low-light conditions. Motion Panorama, a new camera
mode, brings movement to traditional panoramic photos, giving the user a
completely immersive visual experience. The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and 5.5-inch
Galaxy S7 edge are constructed with 3D glass and metal all in a sleek design
with durability and ergonomic curves for a comfortable grip.

From work to play, the device's new Always-On Display, gives users a simplified,
zero touch experience where they don't need to worry about missing a call or
important notification. Without compromising design, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7
edge both have increased utility with IP68 water and dust resistance. Edge UX,
the advanced edge experience available on Galaxy S7 edge, provides convenience
and increased efficiency by creating easy shortcuts to users' most loved
functions such as email, selfie mode, panorama mode or third party applications.
Whether it's the seamless connection between Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge and
the new Gear S2 Classic to monitor fitness, or connecting with Gear VR to
"travel" the world Samsung redefines what's possible for the mobile experience
and beyond.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                            February 26, 2016 Friday

Samsung unveils next generation smartphones

SECTION: Vol. 14 No. 57

LENGTH: 379  words


Samsung Electronics announced the newest additions to the Galaxy family of
products, Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge. Created for today's consumer
lifestyle, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge lead the industry with a refined design,
more advanced camera, streamlined software functionality and unparalleled
connectivity to a galaxy of products, services, and experiences. "We believe in
a world that is brighter, sharper, more convenient, and more fun. We strive to
deliver on that vision with the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge by marrying elegant
design with functionality and providing a seamless mobile experience," said
Samsung Electronics Mobile Communications Business President DJ Koh. "We empower
consumers with technology to help them get more out of life and will continue to
push the frontier of what's possible." Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge introduce
the first dual pixel camera on a smartphone, delivering brighter and sharper
images, even in low light.

Thanks to the revolutionary dual pixel technology, brighter lens with wider
aperture, and bigger pixel, the camera has a faster shutter speed and a more
accurate autofocus even in low-light conditions. Motion Panorama, a new camera
mode, brings movement to traditional panoramic photos, giving the user a
completely immersive visual experience. The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and 5.5-inch
Galaxy S7 edge are constructed with 3D glass and metal all in a sleek design
with durability and ergonomic curves for a comfortable grip.

From work to play, the device's new Always-On Display, gives users a simplified,
zero touch experience where they don't need to worry about missing a call or
important notification. Without compromising design, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7
edge both have increased utility with IP68 water and dust resistance. Edge UX,
the advanced edge experience available on Galaxy S7 edge, provides convenience
and increased efficiency by creating easy shortcuts to users' most loved
functions such as email, selfie mode, panorama mode or third party applications.
Whether it's the seamless connection between Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge and
the new Gear S2 Classic to monitor fitness, or connecting with Gear VR to
"travel" the world Samsung redefines what's possible for the mobile experience
and beyond.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Saudi Gazette

                             March 21, 2016 Monday

Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge officially unveiled in KSA

LENGTH: 541  words


SAMSUNG Galaxy S7 and S7 edge were released in Saudi Arabia on March 17, while
Samsung gave the Saudi consumers the unique opportunity to meet and experience
the new devices including technologies that are part of an integrated ecosystem,
the Gear 360 camera and Gear VR. The unveiling was released in both of Granada
Mall in Riyadh and Al- Andalus Mall in Jeddah.

Feri Zekisson, Head of IT & Mobile Department at Samsung Electronics in Saudi
Arabia, said "we believe in a world that is brighter, sharper, more convenient
and fun and striving to deliver on that vision with the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7
edge by marrying elegant design with sheer performance and providing a seamless
mobile experience. We thank our loyal consumers for their trust and loyalty to
Samsung, allowing us to empower them with technology and continue to push the
frontier of what's possible."

"The new Galaxy S7 and S7 edge unleash the technology that has been long waited
for in the Saudi market and created for today's consumer lifestyle that leads
the industry with a refined design, advanced robust camera, streamlined software
functionality and unparalleled connectivity to a galaxy of products, services,
and experiences," Zekisson added.

The all new S7 and S7 edge feature a front 5MP and back 12MP camera and
introduces the first Dual Pixel camera on a smartphone, delivering brighter and
sharper images, even in low light. Thanks to the revolutionary Dual Pixel
technology, wider aperture (f1.7), and larger pixel, the camera has a faster
shutter speed and a more accurate autofocus even in low-light conditions. Motion
Panorama, a new camera mode, brings movement to traditional panoramic photos,
giving the user a completely immersive visual experience.

Samsung has also worked on giving the device longer battery time for the
consumer so that the battery capacity is now 3000mAH for the Galaxy S7 and
3600mAH for the Galaxy S7 edge. Both devices also easily deliver fast wired and
wireless charging technology. The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and 5.5-inch Galaxy S7 edge
are constructed with 3D glass and metal - all in a sleek design with durability
and ergonomic curves for a comfortable grip. From work to play, the device's new
Always-On Display, give users accessibility to the mobile's watch at all times.

Without compromising design, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge both have increased
utility with IP68 water and dust resistance. Edge UX, the advanced edge
experience available on Galaxy S7 edge, provides convenience and increased
efficiency by creating easy shortcuts to users' most loved functions such as
email, selfie mode, panorama mode or third party applications. Additionally, the
hybrid SIM card tray allows users to insert a microSD card for up to 200GB of
additional storage.

Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge can also be accessorized with the new Gear
360 camera that can take 360 degree videos in high resolution and still images.
The videos can be played back by utilizing the ability of the Gear VR,
transcending phone users into virtual reality, allowing consumers to relive the
moment in an adventurous and unique way. - SG

http://imgs.syndigate.info/511/1526/6/145854952606.jpg

Samsung creates for today's consumer lifestyle that leads the industry

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1526


                       Copyright 2016 The Saudi Gazette.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                      February 1, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Samsung to unveil Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge on February 21

BYLINE: Herb Ryder

LENGTH: 527  words


In an event titled 'Unpacked', Samsung is going to launch its next Galaxy
devices- S7 and S7 edge, on February 21 in Barcelona. The event has been
officially set for 7pm CET at the start of the annual Mobile World Congress show
in Barcelona, Spain.

People who would not be able to make to the event can watch the event on the
Samsung Mobile YouTube channel. Samsung has also launched a teaser trailer
featuring a guy that reaches out for a Galaxy cube through Gear VR goggles.

Galaxy S7 rumors going on include larger screen than Galaxy S6 and it could cost
less than Galaxy S6. There would be two versions of Galaxy S7 and that would be
one curved and one straight-sided. Galaxy S7 would be equipped with own version
of Apple's 3D Touch, pressure-sensitive screen. There are chances that Samsung
would reintroduce micro-SD card slot. One of the exciting rumored features is
that Galaxy S7 could unlock after scanning your eyes.

Before the event news came, an infamous leader Evan Blass unveiled the first
press shots of the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge. He mentioned that both the
devices will be water resistant and have larger batteries.

He even gave hint of the February 21 event by affirming that the Samsung has
plans to unveil the devices. On Sunday, Samsung confirmed the date and venue of
the event. Barcelona is considered to be the home of Mobile World Congress,
which is the world's biggest smartphone event. This year's edition is said to
take place between February 22 and February 25.

AndroidPolice reported that, Samsung has had its own dedicated Unpacked events
in recent years to talk about its new flagship phones, but this year it's doing
the deed at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona. Unpacked and the probable Galaxy
S7 announcement is now official for Sunday, February 21st at 7PM local time
(doors an hour earlier). That works out to 1PM on the east coast in the US for
the start of the event.

N4BB News report said, the Samsung Galaxy S7 and the S7 Edge will be the only
two flagship devices launched by Samsung this year, and here's what the Galaxy
S7 design looks like.

After several reports, leaks and rumors, we finally have the official press
renders of the S7 and S7 Edge. And by the looks of it, there aren't going to be
any substantial changes in design. The new smartphones will look like the Galaxy
S6. This year, though, Samsung will launch only two variants of the S7. There
were rumors that Samsung might go the Apple way and choose to release only two
major flagships. Last year, the Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge had the same screen size,
but there was an S6 Edge Plus with a larger display.

According to the IB Times, as far as the Galaxy S7 specifications go, this
device is expected to carry a 5.1-inch display and 1440p screen resolution,
12-megapixel BRITECELL main camera, 5-megapixel selfie-clicker and a killer 4 GB
of RAM. On the software front, it will run Android Marshmallow, out of the box.

This S7 will reportedly come equipped with 64 GB of native storage space. The
microSD card slot has also been rumored to make a comeback. In any case, readers
should note that Samsung has not confirmed any S7-related details thus far.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                            February 26, 2016 Friday

Samsung unveils next generation smartphones

LENGTH: 415  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, Feb. 26 -- Samsung Electronics announced the newest additions to the
Galaxy family of products, Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge. Created for
today's consumer lifestyle, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge lead the industry with
a refined design, more advanced camera, streamlined software functionality and
unparalleled connectivity to a galaxy of products, services, and experiences.

"We believe in a world that is brighter, sharper, more convenient, and more fun.
We strive to deliver on that vision with the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge by
marrying elegant design with functionality and providing a seamless mobile
experience," said Samsung Electronics Mobile Communications Business President
DJ Koh. "We empower consumers with technology to help them get more out of life
and will continue to push the frontier of what's possible." Galaxy S7 and Galaxy
S7 edge introduce the first dual pixel camera on a smartphone, delivering
brighter and sharper images, even in low light. Thanks to the revolutionary dual
pixel technology, brighter lens with wider aperture, and bigger pixel, the
camera has a faster shutter speed and a more accurate autofocus even in
low-light conditions. Motion Panorama, a new camera mode, brings movement to
traditional panoramic photos, giving the user a completely immersive visual
experience. The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and 5.5-inch Galaxy S7 edge are constructed
with 3D glass and metal - all in a sleek design with durability and ergonomic
curves for a comfortable grip. From work to play, the device's new Always-On
Display, gives users a simplified, zero touch experience where they don't need
to worry about missing a call or important notification. Without compromising
design, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge both have increased utility with IP68 water
and dust resistance. Edge UX, the advanced edge experience available on Galaxy
S7 edge, provides convenience and increased efficiency by creating easy
shortcuts to users' most loved functions such as email, selfie mode, panorama
mode or third party applications. Whether it's the seamless connection between
Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge and the new Gear S2 Classic to monitor fitness, or
connecting with Gear VR to "travel" the world - Samsung redefines what's
possible for the mobile experience and beyond.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                     February 16, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Report: Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge handsets will be unveiled on Feb.21

BYLINE: Annabel Tautou

LENGTH: 224  words


According to a new Android World report, bigwig South Korean device manufacturer
Samsung will unveil the next-generation versions of its flagship Galaxy handsets
-- Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge -- on February 21, in Barcelona, Spain.

The report has also revealed that both the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge
smartphones will be made available for pre-order on the day they are officially
unveiled by Samsung. The handsets will reportedly ship with a free Samsung Gear
VR headset.

The Android World report about the forthcoming introduction of the Samsung
Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge smartphones, at an event in Barcelona next week,
has been unofficially substantiation of prolific mobile leaker 'Evleaks' in a
recently released Twitter post.

Evleaks has also posted the supposed press images of the forthcoming Galaxy S7
and Galaxy S7 Edge smartphones, unfolding a clear look at the apparent features
coming to the two new Samsung Galaxy handsets. The images posted by Evleaks show
that the new Galaxy handsets will be available in three color options --- Black,
Gray, and Gold.

The Galaxy S7 handset will come with a 5.1-inch display; while the Galaxy S7
Edge smartphone will feature a curved 5.5-inch display. Both the displays will
be 1440 x 2560 quad HD displays with Super AMOLED, and will boast the inclusion
of a new technology called ClearForce.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          Daily Independent (Nigeria)

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

Samsung Redefines Mobile Experience, Unveils Galaxy S7 Edge and Galaxy S7

LENGTH: 556  words


As a testament to Samsung's commitment to developing best-in-class products to
meet the needs of its consumers, it recently launched into the Nigerian market
the most advanced smartphones in its stable, the Galaxy S7 Edge and S7. The
devices were formally unveiled at Hard Rock Cafe, Victoria Island, Lagos.

Successors to Galaxy S6 Edge and S6, Samsung Galaxy S7 edge and S7 are a blend
of premium components with the most advanced Samsung technology. They are imbued
with intelligent cameras, and have set a new industry standard for design,
craftsmanship and performance.

Mr. Paul Lee, Managing Director of Samsung Electronics West Africa, said that
the new Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge highlight the most refined phone experience ever
by combining the latest technology that users expect from Samsung's Galaxy
series. Mr. Lee reiterated the company's commitment to fulfilling its brand
promise of inspiring the world and the future by bringing new and outstanding
innovations to the doorstep of consumers. "Our innovative technology has
adequately captured customers' aspirations and desires," he said.

The Galaxy S7 has a 5.1-inch display screen, while the Galaxy S7 Edge has a
5.5-inch screen. They both feature Super AMOLED display, allowing for clearer
videos and images with a resolution of 2560 x 1440 (Quad HD).

Both devices have 200GB expendable memory augmenting their 32GB of internal
storage. The devices also feature IP68 water and dust resistance, which prevent
the devices from damage when submerged in up to 1.5 meters of water for 30
minutes at a time. The S7's waterproofing includes sealed ports.

The S7 series come imbued with longer lasting batteries. While the S7 comes with
an in-built battery of 3,000mAh, the S7 edge features 3,600mAh battery, large
enough for a day or more. Another new outstanding feature is the always-on
display where notifications, time, date or personalised screen are permanently
shown on the screen even when the phone is off. This feature does not
significantly impact the battery life.

Emmanouil Revmatas, Director of Samsung Electronics West Africa's Information
technology and Mobile Division, described the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge as devices
that draw the line between the smartphones that are currently available in the
market and what comes next.

"The all new Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge represent the new galaxy of unlimited
possibilities, and with these, Samsung is setting the bar higher for the entire
mobile industry. Our customers are the inspiration for any innovation and we are
aware that they spend more time with their phones than ever, these devices are
designed to not only look great, but feel great as well and very comfortable to
hold," added Revmatas.

The devices also feature a 'Dual Pixel' rear camera with large F1.7 aperture
with Smart OIS. The adoption of dual pixel technology means that the autofocus
on each of the Samsung Galaxy S7 series is much quicker, producing sharper and
brighter images- even when capturing precious memories in dimly lit environment.
Both devices run on the latest version of Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating
system, have 4GB of RAM for improved multitasking and 30 percent more powerful
processors with "thermal spreader" water-cooling technology to avoid the phones
overheating.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/633/1803/38/145941395387.jpg

samsung

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1803


                       Copyright 2016 Daily Independent.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           October 12, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung will increase Galaxy S7 production volume to make up for Note 7 losses

LENGTH: 318  words


Now that Note 7 is not going to be the bread and butter of Samsung, the company
is going to be increasing production volume of Galaxy S7

It's safe to say that Galaxy Note 7 isn't going to be the driving force of
Samsung's revenue for mobile devices, so the company is doing the next best
possible thing, at least when it is prepared to officially announce its next
flagship, Galaxy S8. According to sources close to the matter, Samsung has told
suppliers about its decision to increase the production of both Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 edge, which is a terrific decision, because there were very few
differences between these two and the Galaxy Note 7.

With Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge getting upgraded to run Samsung's Grace UX,
users will have plenty of features to look forward to. The hardware changes
definitely has us impressed when we look at both the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7
edge. Even though Samsung reduced the thickness of both its devices, they still
feature a much larger battery than its predecessors.

Additionally, both Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge sport one of the best cameras in
the entire smartphone industry. They can snap images immediately, and are ideal
for recording videos at extremely high resolutions, including 4K. Both Galaxy S7
and Galaxy S7 edge also provide support for expandable storage. If you want
something that will provide you with nearly the same amount of features as a
Galaxy Note 7, we highly recommend looking into the Galaxy S7 edge. It has a
5.5-inch QHD display, has a curved edge screen and even has a slightly larger
battery capacity than the Note 7, making it the perfect replacement for you
guys.

The only thing you will not gain access to is the S-Pen accessory and all the
features that come along with it. Still, you're getting the next best thing, but
if you want to wait even more, then you can always be patient till the company
announces its Galaxy S8.

Source

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           February 4, 2016 Thursday

Samsung accidentally leaks Galaxy S7 edge

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 179 words


South Korean giant Samsung seems to have accidentally spilled the beans on its
next Galaxy flagship, S7 edge. The smartphone, which is expected to launch in
the next few week, made a brief appearance on the company's developer website.

The listing spotted by 'galaxyclub.nl' shared details on how the curved edges of
Galaxy S7 edge's screen can be used. It also confirmed the name 'S7 Edge' for
the device and that the upgraded display functionality will be exclusive to the
Galaxy edge range.

However, the page did not confirm or reveal any other potential specs of the
phone.

Galaxy S7 edge is expected to release on the sidelines of Mobile World Congress
2016 to be held in Barcelona, Spain, from February 22 to 26.

According to earlier leaks, both Galaxy S7 and S7 edge will be IP68-rated, in
other words water and dust-resistant. There are also rumours that Galaxy S7 may
sport Exynos 8890 or Snapdragon 820 chipsets.

Samsung Galaxy S7 is likely to come in four variants: Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Plus,
Galaxy S7 edge, and Galaxy S7 edge Plus.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Arab Finance

                             March 28, 2016 Monday

Samsung unveils next generation smartphones in Egypt

LENGTH: 507  words


Arab Finance:  Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd on Friday launched the newest
additions to the Galaxy family of products Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge
in the beautiful city of Sharm El Sheikh during a grand event at the grand
Hyatt. Created for today's consumer lifestyle, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge lead
the industry with a refined design, more advanced camera, streamlined software
functionality and unparalleled connectivity to a galaxy of products, services,
and experiences.

"Samsung has been operating in the Egyptian market for more than 27 years.
During that time, we have seen big changes take place across every aspect of
Egyptian life. We have always recognized the vast potential of the Egyptian
market and remained fully committed to support it and realize its potential.
Whether in tourism or technology, Samsung believes in Egypt and its future" said
Seung-ho Yun's, CEO of Samsung Electronics Egypt. "We also believe in a world
that is brighter, sharper, more convenient, and more fun. We strive to deliver
on that vision with the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge by marrying elegant design
with functionality and providing a seamless mobile experience." Advanced Camera:
High Quality Images No Matter the Time of Day or Location Galaxy S7 and Galaxy
S7 edge introduce the first Dual Pixel camera on a smartphone, delivering
brighter and sharper images, even in low light. Thanks to the revolutionary Dual
Pixel technology, brighter lens with wider aperture, and bigger pixel, the
camera has a faster shutter speed and a more accurate autofocus even in
low-light conditions.

Refined Design and Function The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and 5.5-inch Galaxy S7 edge
are constructed with 3D glass and metal - all in a sleek design with durability
and ergonomic curves for a comfortable grip. From work to play, the device's new
Always-On Display, gives users a simplified, zero touch experience where they
don't need to worry about important notification. Without compromising design,
Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge both have increased utility with IP68 water and
dust resistance. Enhanced Performance: From Charging to Gaming Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 edge deliver fast wired and wireless charging technology.
Additionally, the hybrid SIM card tray allows users to insert a microSD card for
up to 200GB of additional storage. The powerful processer and bigger battery
capacity ensure longer playing time, and the internal cooling system keeps the
device from overheating. Game Launcher, a new add-on for gamers, allows users to
manage battery consumption and minimize notifications. Additionally, users can
record their gaming experience or share their screen to play with others. The
Galaxy Experience Whether it's the seamless connection between Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 edge and the new Gear S2 Classic to monitor fitness, or connecting
with Gear VR to "travel" the world - Samsung redefines what's possible for the
mobile experience and beyond, all of which is Protected by Samsung KNOX.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/195/598/14/145917427039.png



LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 598


                 Copyright 2016 Arab Finance Brokerage Company
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                             March 8, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung to launch Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 edge in India today

LENGTH: 324  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, March 8 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Samsung's new flagship smartphones Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge will hit the
Indian market on Tuesday, as the company looks to bolster sales to buck the
slowdown in smartphone industry growth.


 MUST READ
 Pre-registration for Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 edge begins in India
 The South Korean tech giant has, so far, not revealed the prices. However,
according to the tech website www.igalaxys7.com, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge
will be available in India with a reported price of Rs 53,000 and Rs 60,000,
respectively.
 With Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge, Samsung has introduced the first dual-pixel
camera on a smartphone, which delivers brighter and sharper images, even in low
light.
 The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and 5.5-inch Galaxy S7 edge are constructed with 3D
glass and metal and are water and dust resistance.
 The hybrid sim card tray allows users to insert a microSD card for up to 200GB
of additional storage and in some select countries, the tray can be used with
dual sim cards.
 The device's new Always-On Display gives users a simplified, zero touch
experience to check about a missed call or SMS.
 The Samsung Galaxy S7 runs on an Octa core (2.3GHz Quad + 1.6GHz Quad), 64 bit
processor and has a 4GB RAM. Both phones run on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow)
operating system.
 India is an important market for handset makers as it is witnessing strong
sales growth rates at a time when global sales are waning.
 According to research firm IDC, the global smartphone market saw shipment
growing 10.1 percent to 1.43 billion units in 2015 from 1.30 million units in
2014.
 Shipments in India grew 28.8 percent in 2015 to 103.6 million units over the
previous year, making it one of the world's fastest growing markets globally.
 Samsung is a leader in both global and Indian market. At the end of December
2015 quarter, it had a global market share of 21.4%, while in India it had 26.8
percent share.
 With Agency Inputs

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                       March 5, 2016 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Galaxy S7 will certainly be best Smartphone by Samsung till date: Reports

BYLINE: John DiPietro

LENGTH: 652  words


Galaxy S7 certainly looks like the best smartphone Samsung has ever made.
Samsung team has worked hard on refinement of initial design of Galaxy S7 after
Galaxy S6 series failed to impress consumers. Samsung received lower response
for its last smartphone compared to what the company management had expected.
All the new features and improvements in the Galaxy S7 are quite impressive.

One of the best features of Galaxy S7 is that it is water resistant, which means
it will survive most water accidents. Moisture sensor is a welcoming addition to
the phone. The Galaxy S7 has a 5.1-inch QHD Super AMOLED display with a
resolution of 2560 x 1440 pixels and 577 PPI.

It also boasts of 'Always On' display. Galaxy S7 uses one of two processors- new
Exynos 8890 octa-core processor or the new Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 quad-core
processor.

It uses 4GB of RAM and offers 32 GB or 64 GB of faster internal UFS 2.0 memory.
With a microSD card, it can be expanded to additional 200 GB. Some significant
changes have been made by Samsung in camera section, as it is using a new Dual
Pixel 12MP with a larger sensor, which will allow it to absorb more light and
information than its previous 16 MP sensor.

A larger aperture of f/1.7 has been added that will benefit in increasing the
speed of autofocus, live HDR and retained OIS will also be offered. The Galaxy
S7 battery comes with quick charge, and quick wireless charging.

The Galaxy S7 offers Samsung Pay and also Android Pay. The phone measures 142.4
x 69.6 x 7.9 mm and weighs at 152 grams. The beauty will be offered in Black
Onyx and Gold Platinum and would cost around $670 off-contract.

In comparison with Nexus 6P as well, Samsung Galaxy S7 has emerged as a winner.
Samsung Galaxy S7 has a beautiful metal and glass design with a strong build.

A report published in the HuffingtonPost said, "And knock it off its pedestal it
did. Arriving in June of 2012, the Galaxy S3 had a gorgeous 720p HD screen, was
very light (thanks to the plastic build, which would later be criticized), and
operated as a mobile media powerhouse. By December of 2012, you could see just
as many people carrying the Galaxy S3 as you could an iPhone. It looked like
Samsung was ready to take over the world."

"It took years of iPhone dominance and many months of Android market leadership
for a phone with Google's mobile operating system to knock the iPhone off its
pedestal."

"The all-metal Nexus 6P received rave reviews upon its arrival in September, but
does it still have the muscle to take on the metal and glass beauty that is the
Galaxy S7?  The Nexus 6P was all-new last year, as was the Galaxy S6, so this
rendition of the Galaxy S7 is more a refinement or evolution than any drastic
change.  Let's take a quick look at what these two devices have in common before
we take a careful look at each one," according to a news report published by
AndroidHeadlines.

The Nexus 6P and the Galaxy S7 share the AMOLED display technology and they both
have a QHD resolution of 2560 x 1440 pixels, although different sized displays.
They both are using a Qualcomm Snapdragon processor, but different models - the
Galaxy S7 can also be sporting the new Exynos 8890 processor as it all depends
in what country you make your purchase.

In a report published by the Business-Standard, "Korean company Samsung
Electronics is set to intensify its promotions in India by spending a record sum
on marketing and promotion for the new flagship Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge that will
be unveiled next week."

It has asked the dealers to ensure maximum mileage for the Samsung brand on shop
floors, senior industry executives said. Samsung India has issued an advisory
linking payments to dealers to the visibility of its branding on store fronts
and inside. Industry executives said Samsung may offer the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge
at a cheaper rate than the Rs. 50,000-plus launch price for last year's flagship
Galaxy S6.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Comparison: Apple iPhone 7 vs Samsung S7

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 237 words


NEW DELHI: Apple has announced its latest smartphones -- iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus. The smartphones will take on Samsung's current flagship devices Galaxy S7
and the recently-launched phablet Galaxy Note 7.While we have already compared
the big-screen iPhone 7 Plus with its closest competitors, including Galaxy Note
7 , here's a spec-to-spec comparison of iPhone 7 with its big rival Samsung
Galaxy S7.DisplayApple iPhone 7: 4.6-inch (750 x 1334 pixels)Samsung Galaxy S7:
5.1-inch (2560x1440 pixels) QHDOperating systemApple iPhone 7: iOS 10Samsung
Galaxy S7: Android 6.0 MarshmallowProcessorApple iPhone 7: Apple A10 chip
(64-bit)Samsung Galaxy S7: 2.15GHz + 1.6GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820
processor (or Exynos, depending on region)RAMApple iPhone 7: 2GBSamsung Galaxy
S7: 4GBStorageApple iPhone 7: 32GB/ 128GB/ 256GBSamsung Galaxy S7: 32GB/64GBRear
cameraApple iPhone 7: 12MP with LED flash Samsung Galaxy S7: 12MP with LED flash
Front cameraApple iPhone 7: 7MPSamsung Galaxy S7: 5MPSpecial featuresApple
iPhone 7: IP76, fingerprint sensorSamsung Galaxy S7: water-resistant, wireless
charging, fingerprint sensor, heart rate sensorBatteryApple iPhone 7: Not
Available (However, Apple CEO, Tim Cook has claimed that it offers longest
battery life ever)Samsung Galaxy S7: 3,000mAh (non-removable)Price Apple iPhone
7: Price to start at Rs 60,000Samsung Galaxy S7: Rs 59,990


For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                     February 23, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Samsung unveils Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge at Mobile World Congress

BYLINE: Belal Khan

LENGTH: 236  words


The two new smartphone offerings from Samsung, the Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy
S7 edge have sleek design with powerful performance, advanced camera features,
water resistance, and external memory.

Tuesday, February 23, 2016:  Samsung Electronics has added two new devices to
its Galaxy family. These are the Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge. The
devices were launched at the Mobile World Congress held in Barcelona on Monday,
22 February.

"We believe in a world that is brighter, sharper, more convenient, and more fun.
We strive to deliver on that vision with the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge by
marrying elegant design with functionality and providing a seamless mobile
experience," said DJ Koh, President of Mobile Communications Business, Samsung
Electronics.

Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge introduce the first dual pixel camera on a
smartphone, delivering brighter and sharper images, even in low light. The
camera has a faster shutter speed and a more accurate autofocus even in
low-light conditions.

Motion Panorama, a new camera mode, brings movement to traditional panoramic
photos, giving the user a completely immersive visual experience. Samsung also
made significant hardware and software updates to optimise gaming performance on
Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge.

The powerful processer and bigger battery capacity ensure longer playing time,
and the internal cooling system keeps the device from overheating.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2016 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           January 28, 2016 Thursday

Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 edge features leaked by employee

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 308 words


NEW DELHI: An alleged Samsung employee has leaked the details of the company's
upcoming flagship smartphones Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge on Korean website
Naver.

The Galaxy S7 smartphone will have a 5.1-inch display, while Galaxy S7 edge will
reportedly have a 5.5-inch screen with curved glass on both sides. This report
does not mention the rumoured Galaxy S7 edge+, which is said to have a bigger
screen.

The key feature of Galaxy S7 and S7 edge is said to be the camera, though the
resolution is 12MP; this is a decrease in the resolution as last year's Galaxy
S6 and S6 edge have 16MP camera.

READ ALSO:

More importantly, the upcoming smartphones' camera will have f/1.7 aperture,
among the lowest in the industry. This aperture allows the smartphone to capture
more light while taking photos, thus delivering better lowlight photos. For
colour reproduction and noise reduction, Samsung is using a dual-pixel
autofocus.

On the design front, Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge will look pretty similar to
S6 and S6 edge, but have a black chassis that reportedly give the smartphones a
more premium look. The smartphones will be dust- and water-resistant, a feature
missing in the predecessors (though Galaxy S5 had a rugged body). The company is
also doing away with the camera hump.

Samsung is also said to be providing a hybrid dual-sim setup so users can expand
storage by up to 128GB.

The smartphones will be available in four colours: gold, silver, black and
white.

Previous leaks have suggested that Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge will feature.
Other leaked features include USB Type C, fast-charging and retina scanner.

Samsung is expected to unveil Galaxy S7 and S7 edge on February 21, a day before
Mobile World Congress kicks off in Barcelona. It is expected that the company
maythan their respective predecessors.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge to be available in India starting March 18, pre-order
begins

LENGTH: 319  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, March 9 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Samsung newly launched Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge smartphones will be up for
sale in India from March 18.


 The company is also giving away free Gear virtual reality (VR) to it customers
who pre-order the devices between March 8 and 17.
 Taking the smartphone world by surprise, leading South Korean smartphone maker
Samsung on Tuesday launched its flagship smartphone Galaxy S7 and its
curved-screen companion Galaxy S7 Edge at an irresistible price of Rs 48,900 and
Rs 56,900, respectively.
 MUST READ
 Samsung Galaxy S7 launched in India at Rs 48,900, Galaxy S7 Edge at Rs 56,900
 The launch in India, which comes within two weeks of the global unveiling, will
help the company bolster sales to buck the slowdown in the global smartphone
industry growth.
 The Galaxy S7 features 5.1-inch display and 3,000 mAh battery, while the S7
edge has 5.5-inch display and 3,600 mAh battery. With Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7
edge, Samsung has introduced the first dual-pixel camera on a smartphone, which
delivers brighter and sharper images, even in low light.
 The 4GB RAM devices are constructed with 3D glass and metal and are water and
dust resistant. The devices can sustain up to 30 minutes submerged in a meter
and a half of water. The hybrid SIM card tray allows users to insert a microSD
card for up to 200GB of additional storage and in some select countries, the
tray can be used with dual SIM cards. Both have 32GB internal memory.
 The Galaxy S7 devices' CPU is about 44 percent more powerful than its
predecessor and the a dramatically enhanced GPU - which does the heavy lifting
for graphics - is about 60 percent more powerful than the one in Galaxy S6.
 Samsung Galaxy S7 has a 2560 X 1440 (534ppi) 5.1-inch Quad HD Super AMOLED
display while S7 Edge has a 2560 X 1440 (577ppi) 5.5-inch Quad HD Super AMOLED
display.
 Both phones run on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) operating system.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            January 31, 2016 Sunday

Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 edge features leaked by employee

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 320 words


NEW DELHI: An alleged Samsung employee has leaked the details of the company's
upcoming flagship smartphones Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge on Korean website
Naver.

The Galaxy S7 smartphone will have a 5.1-inch display, while Galaxy S7 edge will
reportedly have a 5.5-inch screen with curved glass on both sides. This report
does not mention the rumoured Galaxy S7 edge+, which is said to have a bigger
screen.

The key feature of Galaxy S7 and S7 edge is said to be the camera, though the
resolution is 12MP; this is a decrease in the resolution as last year's Galaxy
S6 and S6 edge have 16MP camera.

More importantly, the upcoming smartphones' camera will have f/1.7 aperture,
among the lowest in the industry. This aperture allows the smartphone to capture
more light while taking photos, thus delivering better lowlight photos. For
colour reproduction and noise reduction, Samsung is using a dual-pixel
autofocus.

On the design front, Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge will look pretty similar to
S6 and S6 edge, but have a black chassis that reportedly give the smartphones a
more premium look. The smartphones will be dust- and water-resistant, a feature
missing in the predecessors (though Galaxy S5 had a rugged body). The company is
also doing away with the camera hump.

Samsung is also said to be providing a hybrid dual-sim setup so users can expand
storage by up to 128GB.

The smartphones will be available in four colours: gold, silver, black and
white.

Previous leaks have suggested that Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge will feature a
display technology similar to iPhone 6S' 3D Touch. Other leaked features include
USB Type C, fast-charging and retina scanner.

Samsung is expected to unveil Galaxy S7 and S7 edge on February 21, a day before
Mobile World Congress kicks off in Barcelona. It is expected that the company
may price the two smartphones lower than their respective predecessors.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      February 1, 2016 Monday 3:45 PM GMT

Galaxy S7 release date announced: Will Samsung's new flagship smartphone be an
iPhone killer?;
Samsung's next flagship smartphone, the Galaxy S7, will be unveiled in Barcelona
ahead of Mobile World Congress

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 469 words


Samsung has announced a launch date for its next flagship smartphone, the Galaxy
S7, which is likely to be the biggest challenger to Apple's iPhone 6s this year.

The Galaxy S7 will be unveiled at the company's annual "Unpacked" event on 21
February 2016 - the day before the world's biggest mobile event, Mobile World
Congress , kicks off in Barcelona.

In a teaser video posted on YouTube, a man putting on one of Samsung's Gear VR
virtual reality headsets , and reaching forward with his hands.

"Get ready to rethink what a phone can do," Samsung said in the text
accompanying the video. "#TheNextGalaxy will be revealed at Unpacked on February
21."

The trailer adds fuel to rumours that the Galaxy S7 will feature a depth-sensing
camera, which could be used to provide a form of positional tracking for the
Gear VR headset.

Although the current Gear VR is a groundbreaking device, it lacks positional
tracking, which is absolutely vital for immersion and prevents nausea.

The Galaxy S7 has already been the subject of numerous rumours and leaks. Only
last week, prolific leaker Evan Blass - aka @evleaks - tweeted a picture of what
he claims is the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge.

EvLeaks tweet

Although the devices look almost identical to the Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge ,
released last year, the edges are more rounded, and the top and bottom bezels
appear to be fractionally thinner.

Samsung is expected to launch two versions of its new smartphone - a 5.1-inch
flat-screen version, and a 5.5-inch, curved-screen version called the Galaxy S7
Edge - which will replace both the 5.1-inch Galaxy S6 Edge and 5.7-inch Galaxy
S6 Edge+.

It will be made from metal and glass and will feature a pressure-sensitive
touchscreen, similar to the "3D Touch" screens Apple introduced with its iPhone
6s and 6s Plus last year.

The Galaxy S7's main camera is rumouted to have a 12.2-megapixel sensor - which
is much lower than the 16-megapixel camera on the Galaxy S6.

However, the camera is expected to feature Samsung's Britecell technology, which
is designed to be both better in low light and smaller in size than the camera
on the Galaxy S6, so it will not protrude from the back of the phone like the S6
camera does.

Some leaks suggest that the Galaxy S7 will include a retina scanner, which could
be used alongside the fingerprint sensors for added security.

It is also expected to be waterproof and dustproof, contain a bigger battery,
and a USB Type-C port with fast-charging capability. It will run the latest
version of Google's Android operating system, known as Marshmallow .

The price of the Galaxy S7 is hard to guess at this stage, but prices for the S6
started at £600 last year, so the S7 is likely to be around the same pricemark.

Read more: Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge release date, specs and price rumours

Is Samsung's Galaxy S7 an iPhone killer?

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      February 1, 2016 Monday 3:37 PM GMT

Galaxy S7 launch date announced: Will Samsung's new flagship smartphone be an
iPhone killer?;
Samsung's next flagship smartphone, the Galaxy S7, will be unveiled in Barcelona
ahead of Mobile World Congress

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 469 words


Samsung has announced a launch date for its next flagship smartphone, the Galaxy
S7, which is likely to be the biggest challenger to Apple's iPhone 6s this year.

The Galaxy S7 will be unveiled at the company's annual "Unpacked" event on 21
February 2016 - the day before the world's biggest mobile event, Mobile World
Congress , kicks off in Barcelona.

In a teaser video posted on YouTube, a man putting on one of Samsung's Gear VR
virtual reality headsets , and reaching forward with his hands.

"Get ready to rethink what a phone can do," Samsung said in the text
accompanying the video. "#TheNextGalaxy will be revealed at Unpacked on February
21."

The trailer adds fuel to rumours that the Galaxy S7 will feature a depth-sensing
camera, which could be used to provide a form of positional tracking for the
Gear VR headset.

Although the current Gear VR is a groundbreaking device, it lacks positional
tracking, which is absolutely vital for immersion and prevents nausea.

The Galaxy S7 has already been the subject of numerous rumours and leaks. Only
last week, prolific leaker Evan Blass - aka @evleaks - tweeted a picture of what
he claims is the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge.

EvLeaks tweet

Although the devices look almost identical to the Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge ,
released last year, the edges are more rounded, and the top and bottom bezels
appear to be fractionally thinner.

Samsung is expected to launch two versions of its new smartphone - a 5.1-inch
flat-screen version, and a 5.5-inch, curved-screen version called the Galaxy S7
Edge - which will replace both the 5.1-inch Galaxy S6 Edge and 5.7-inch Galaxy
S6 Edge+.

It will be made from metal and glass and will feature a pressure-sensitive
touchscreen, similar to the "3D Touch" screens Apple introduced with its iPhone
6s and 6s Plus last year.

The Galaxy S7's main camera is rumouted to have a 12.2-megapixel sensor - which
is much lower than the 16-megapixel camera on the Galaxy S6.

However, the camera is expected to feature Samsung's Britecell technology, which
is designed to be both better in low light and smaller in size than the camera
on the Galaxy S6, so it will not protrude from the back of the phone like the S6
camera does.

Some leaks suggest that the Galaxy S7 will include a retina scanner, which could
be used alongside the fingerprint sensors for added security.

It is also expected to be waterproof and dustproof, contain a bigger battery,
and a USB Type-C port with fast-charging capability. It will run the latest
version of Google's Android operating system, known as Marshmallow .

The price of the Galaxy S7 is hard to guess at this stage, but prices for the S6
started at £600 last year, so the S7 is likely to be around the same pricemark.

Read more: Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge release date, specs and price rumours

Is Samsung's Galaxy S7 an iPhone killer?

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      February 1, 2016 Monday 11:27 AM GMT

Galaxy S7 release date announced: Will Samsung's new flagship smartphone be an
iPhone killer?;
Samsung's next flagship smartphone, the Galaxy S7, will be unveiled in Barcelona
ahead of Mobile World Congress

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 469 words


Samsung has announced a launch date for its next flagship smartphone, the Galaxy
S7, which is likely to be the biggest challenger to Apple's iPhone 6s this year.

The Galaxy S7 will be unveiled at the company's annual "Unpacked" event on 21
February 2016 - the day before the world's biggest mobile event, Mobile World
Congress , kicks off in Barcelona.

In a teaser video posted on YouTube, a man putting on one of Samsung's Gear VR
virtual reality headsets , and reaching forward with his hands.

"Get ready to rethink what a phone can do," Samsung said in the text
accompanying the video. "#TheNextGalaxy will be revealed at Unpacked on February
21."

The trailer adds fuel to rumours that the Galaxy S7 will feature a depth-sensing
camera, which could be used to provide a form of positional tracking for the
Gear VR headset.

Although the current Gear VR is a groundbreaking device, it lacks positional
tracking, which is absolutely vital for immersion and prevents nausea.

The Galaxy S7 has already been the subject of numerous rumours and leaks. Only
last week, prolific leaker Evan Blass - aka @evleaks - tweeted a picture of what
he claims is the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge.

EvLeaks tweet

Although the devices look almost identical to the Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge ,
released last year, the edges are more rounded, and the top and bottom bezels
appear to be fractionally thinner.

Samsung is expected to launch two versions of its new smartphone - a 5.1-inch
flat-screen version, and a 5.5-inch, curved-screen version called the Galaxy S7
Edge - which will replace both the 5.1-inch Galaxy S6 Edge and 5.7-inch Galaxy
S6 Edge+.

It will be made from metal and glass and will feature a pressure-sensitive
touchscreen, similar to the "3D Touch" screens Apple introduced with its iPhone
6s and 6s Plus last year.

The Galaxy S7's main camera is rumouted to have a 12.2-megapixel sensor - which
is much lower than the 16-megapixel camera on the Galaxy S6.

However, the camera is expected to feature Samsung's Britecell technology, which
is designed to be both better in low light and smaller in size than the camera
on the Galaxy S6, so it will not protrude from the back of the phone like the S6
camera does.

Some leaks suggest that the Galaxy S7 will include a retina scanner, which could
be used alongside the fingerprint sensors for added security.

It is also expected to be waterproof and dustproof, contain a bigger battery,
and a USB Type-C port with fast-charging capability. It will run the latest
version of Google's Android operating system, known as Marshmallow .

The price of the Galaxy S7 is hard to guess at this stage, but prices for the S6
started at £600 last year, so the S7 is likely to be around the same pricemark.

Read more: Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge release date, specs and price rumours

Is Samsung's Galaxy S7 an iPhone killer?

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      March 9, 2016 Wednesday 2:29 PM GMT

Galaxy S7 release date announced: Will Samsung's new flagship smartphone be an
iPhone killer?;
Samsung's next flagship smartphone, the Galaxy S7, will be unveiled in Barcelona
ahead of Mobile World Congress

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 471 words


Samsung has announced a launch date for its next flagship smartphone, the Galaxy
S7, which is likely to be the biggest challenger to Apple's iPhone 6s this year.

The Samsung Galaxy S7 will be unveiled at the company's annual "Unpacked" event
on 21 February 2016 - the day before the world's biggest mobile event, Mobile
World Congress , kicks off in Barcelona.

In a teaser video posted on YouTube, a man putting on one of Samsung's Gear VR
virtual reality headsets , and reaching forward with his hands.

"Get ready to rethink what a phone can do," Samsung said in the text
accompanying the video. "#TheNextGalaxy will be revealed at Unpacked on February
21."

The trailer adds fuel to rumours that the Galaxy S7 will feature a depth-sensing
camera, which could be used to provide a form of positional tracking for the
Gear VR headset.

Although the current Gear VR is a groundbreaking device, it lacks positional
tracking, which is absolutely vital for immersion and prevents nausea.

The Galaxy S7 has already been the subject of numerous rumours and leaks. Only
last week, prolific leaker Evan Blass - aka @evleaks - tweeted a picture of what
he claims is the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge.

EvLeaks tweet

Although the devices look almost identical to the Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge ,
released last year, the edges are more rounded, and the top and bottom bezels
appear to be fractionally thinner.

Samsung is expected to launch two versions of its new smartphone - a 5.1-inch
flat-screen version, and a 5.5-inch, curved-screen version called the Galaxy S7
Edge - which will replace both the 5.1-inch Galaxy S6 Edge and 5.7-inch Galaxy
S6 Edge+.

It will be made from metal and glass and will feature a pressure-sensitive
touchscreen, similar to the "3D Touch" screens Apple introduced with its iPhone
6s and 6s Plus last year.

The Galaxy S7's main camera is rumouted to have a 12.2-megapixel sensor - which
is much lower than the 16-megapixel camera on the Galaxy S6.

However, the camera is expected to feature Samsung's Britecell technology, which
is designed to be both better in low light and smaller in size than the camera
on the Galaxy S6, so it will not protrude from the back of the phone like the S6
camera does.

Some leaks suggest that the Galaxy S7 will include a retina scanner, which could
be used alongside the fingerprint sensors for added security.

It is also expected to be waterproof and dustproof, contain a bigger battery,
and a USB Type-C port with fast-charging capability. It will run the latest
version of Google's Android operating system, known as Marshmallow .

The price of the Galaxy S7 is hard to guess at this stage, but prices for the S6
started at £600 last year, so the S7 is likely to be around the same pricemark.

Read more: Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge release date, specs and price rumours

Is Samsung's Galaxy S7 an iPhone killer?

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Daily Dispatch (South Africa)

                             March 15, 2016 Tuesday

Awkward kid Samsung scores solid A with S7

BYLINE: Geoffrey A Fowler

SECTION: SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 836 words


Great low-light camera, virtual reality efforts make for premium phone
 By
 SAMSUNG is that slightly awkward boy who's been studying very hard in school.
The Galaxy S7  which arrived in stores last week  is his first solid A.


  Yep  Samsung just moved to the head of the smartphone class.
  Would you be disappointed by buying a different phone? Probably not. There are
lots of phones that score nearly as high  many for hundreds less than the Galaxy
S7 can cost without a contract. Some might be sexier or eke out a little more
battery life.
  But after years of producing B+ phones  Samsung's now the one I'd want to
captain my mathlete squad.
  The Galaxy S7 and larger S7 Edge have a camera that beat the iPhone 6s Plus in
every low-light situation I've tested.
  Its screen is a stunner  packing in more than three times as many pixels as
the iPhone 6s.
  And its blazing fast processor is well suited for the new world of virtual
reality.
  Samsung earns extra credit for calling out some of the baloney that makes
smartphones annoying and costly.
  Instead of gouging you for built-in storage  the Galaxy S7 lets you add your
own.
  And if it takes a swan dive into the toilet  it'll live to tell the tale
thanks to the addition of water resistance.
  My concern: Samsung may have aced this year's test - but only by memorising
last year's study guide. That underwater trick? Samsung is just bringing back a
feature from the S5.
  There's no versatile USB Type-C port or pressure-sensitive screen like Apple's
3D Touch. There's nothing surprising like the two cameras LG put on the back of
its new G5.
  You can't even expect fresh Android updates: Samsung takes months to deliver
the capabilities that Google introduces each year.
  You will get a free (and impressive) Gear VR headset when you buy a Galaxy S7
but the phone itself doesn't point towards the future.
  The Galaxy S7 is everything you want in a smartphone - but nothing you didn't
know you wanted. I felt that way from the moment I first held the Galaxy S7.
  The Galaxy S7 has rounded edges that make its 5.1-inch screen feel slightly
smaller than last year's S6  and is almost as slender as the iPhone 6s with a
4.7-inch screen.
 The more expensive Galaxy S7 Edge has a 5.5-inch screen with curved glass that
slopes down on both sides. Call it phablet lite: The Edge is slimmer and lighter
than a 5.5-inch iPhone 6s Plus.
  The curved part of the screen also comes with its own controls  which you can
use to access apps  people or news with one swipe.
  It's clear Samsung was brutal in its self-assessment of past Galaxy design
failings. Many of us turned up our noses at the Galaxy S4 and S5's plasticky
finish and clumsy design.
  This year's model carries over the Apple-esque glass and metal makeover from
the Galaxy S6  and smooths down edges even further.
  The camera bulge that marred the backside of the Galaxy S6 has been tailored
down to just a hair.
  Samsung's design reckoning includes reviving a few actually useful features it
had killed off too soon.
  I tripled my Galaxy S7's 32GB built-in storage by adding a 64GB MicroSD card.

  Shame on Apple (and  previously  Samsung) for charging hugely to up storage to
64GB.
  And I'm also glad Samsung brought back water resistance - up to 1.5m of water
for 30 minutes - without requiring a special USB plug.
  The Galaxy S7's camera is what wowed me most. The reason we take blurry shots
of city lights and people in dim restaurants is that phones' tiny sensors have a
hard time seeing in the dark.
  The Galaxy S7's new 12-megapixel camera is lower resolution than the Galaxy
S6's camera but that's a worthy trade-off because each pixel can now capture 95%
more light.
  We choose sides in the Android vs Apple divide based on how well all our stuff
plays together - and how difficult it would be to switch. But cluttered
confusing software is no longer Samsung's achilles heel.
  The Galaxy S7's version of the powerful Android 6.0 Marshmallow is the
cleanest Android version I've seen Samsung offer.
  There's now just one Web browser (Chrome)  and Samsung also kept many aspects
of Google's elegant design.
 The Galaxy S7's most mediocre quality is its battery. In my lab stress test
which cycles through a series of websites at uniform screen brightness  the
Galaxy S7 lasted more than seven hours  about 40 minutes short of the iPhone 6s.

 At eight hours  the Galaxy S7 Edge only slightly underperformed the iPhone 6s
Plus.
 The Galaxy S7 refined features that matter to become the best smartphone you
can buy. That's a giant feat.
 But a question haunts Samsung: in a world with lots of great smartphones  what
justifies the price premium?
  Samsung got out in front of the virtual reality race with the Gear VR. The
Galaxy S7 should have given us a bigger dose of the future  too. - Wall Street
Journal
 lFowler is a personal technology columnist
 CLASS CAPTAIN: The features of Samsung's new S7, like its megapixeled camera
and 'build-your-own' storage, push it to the top of the smartphone class

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Daily Dispatch


                    Copyright 2016 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            March 16, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung Galaxy S7 actually costs Rs 15,750 but priced at Rs 48,900

LENGTH: 219  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, March 16 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Samsung has recently launched its much anticipated flagship smartphones Galaxy
S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge in India.


 The Galaxy S7 is priced at Rs 48,900 for 32GB version while Galaxy S7 Edge is
available at a price of Rs 56,900 (32GB).
 MUST READ
 Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge to be available in India starting March 18,
pre-order begins
 However, a Times of India report, quoting market analyst IHS, said that the
actual price of the phone roughly comes at approximately Rs 15,750.
 This price is exclusive of "costs related to software research, R&D, marketing,
distribution among other taxes and charges" it said.
 MUST READ
 Over 100,000 units Samsung Galaxy S7 series sold in first two days
 The Samsung Galaxy S7 runs on an Octa core (2.3GHz Quad + 1.6GHz Quad), 64 bit
processor and has a 4GB RAM. As per the IHS report, the phone's Qualcomm's
Snapdragon 820 chipset is estimated to cost $62, camera module comes at around
$14 while the overall assembly charge is around $6.
 It states that Galaxy S7's total bill would not exceed $255.
 MUST READ
 Pre-registration for Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 edge begins in India
 The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 is constructed with 3D glass and metal and is water and
dust resistance. It can stay submerged for up to 30 minutes in a meter and a
half of water.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                             June 28, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge to hit Indian stores today

LENGTH: 275  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, June 28 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Samsung's newly launched Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge smartphones will be up
for sale in India from Friday.


 The company is also giving away free Gear virtual reality (VR) to it customers,
however these are only for the customers who have pre-ordered the devices
between March 8 and 17.
 Taking the smartphone world by surprise, Samsung launched its flagship
smartphone Galaxy S7 and its curved-screen companion Galaxy S7 Edge at an
irresistible price of Rs 48,900 and Rs 56,900, respectively.
 The Galaxy S7 features 5.1-inch display and 3,000 mAh battery, while the S7
edge has 5.5-inch display and 3,600 mAh battery. With Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7
edge, Samsung has introduced the first dual-pixel camera on a smartphone, which
delivers brighter and sharper images, even in low light.
 The 4GB RAM devices are constructed with 3D glass and metal and are water and
dust resistant. The devices can sustain up to 30 minutes submerged in a meter
and a half of water. The hybrid SIM card tray allows users to insert a microSD
card for up to 200GB of additional storage and in some select countries, the
tray can be used with dual SIM cards. Both have 32GB internal memory.
 The Galaxy S7 devices' CPU is about 44 percent more powerful than its
predecessor and the a dramatically enhanced GPU - which does the heavy lifting
for graphics - is about 60 percent more powerful than the one in Galaxy S6.
 Samsung Galaxy S7 has a 2560 X 1440 (534ppi) 5.1-inch Quad HD Super AMOLED
display while S7 Edge has a 2560 X 1440 (577ppi) 5.5-inch Quad HD Super AMOLED
display.
 Both phones run on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) operating system.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge to hit Indian stores tomorrow

LENGTH: 276  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, March 17 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Samsung's newly launched Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge smartphones will be up
for sale in India from Friday.


 The company is also giving away free Gear virtual reality (VR) to it customers,
however these are only for the customers who have pre-ordered the devices
between March 8 and 17.
 Taking the smartphone world by surprise, Samsung launched its flagship
smartphone Galaxy S7 and its curved-screen companion Galaxy S7 Edge at an
irresistible price of Rs 48,900 and Rs 56,900, respectively.
 The Galaxy S7 features 5.1-inch display and 3,000 mAh battery, while the S7
edge has 5.5-inch display and 3,600 mAh battery. With Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7
edge, Samsung has introduced the first dual-pixel camera on a smartphone, which
delivers brighter and sharper images, even in low light.
 The 4GB RAM devices are constructed with 3D glass and metal and are water and
dust resistant. The devices can sustain up to 30 minutes submerged in a meter
and a half of water. The hybrid SIM card tray allows users to insert a microSD
card for up to 200GB of additional storage and in some select countries, the
tray can be used with dual SIM cards. Both have 32GB internal memory.
 The Galaxy S7 devices' CPU is about 44 percent more powerful than its
predecessor and the a dramatically enhanced GPU - which does the heavy lifting
for graphics - is about 60 percent more powerful than the one in Galaxy S6.
 Samsung Galaxy S7 has a 2560 X 1440 (534ppi) 5.1-inch Quad HD Super AMOLED
display while S7 Edge has a 2560 X 1440 (577ppi) 5.5-inch Quad HD Super AMOLED
display.
 Both phones run on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) operating system.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                    February 17, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Samsung releases video offering more information about Galaxy S7 and its launch

BYLINE: John DiPietro

LENGTH: 606  words


Technology sector and smartphone enthusiasts are waiting for Samsung to launch
the next variants in Galaxy series, the Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge.
Samsung has teased about some of the features that could be included in the next
smartphone from Galaxy series but has escaped providing any concrete information
about the phone and its features.

Samsung has shared a video on Samsung Indonesia website with a tagline "Get
ready for #TheNextGalaxy." While Samsung has not revealed anything new about its
next Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge smartphones, the company has provided a teaser about
the features in the newer model from Galaxy line. Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge
weren't successful in grabbing the market share that Samsung had anticipated.

The video posted on Samsung Indonesia website shows Indonesian archer Dellie
Threesyadinda as she takes her Galaxy S phone during a training session. The
phone has a wireless charger, as the video indicated. The video also showcases
Threesyadinda using the phone while rain drops bounce on the screen of Samsung
smartphone. Samsung hasn't officially said anything about the features of the
new Galaxy S 7 smartphone.

At the bottom of the video, Samsung has indicated that the phone is not water
resistant and shouldn't be submerged in water. The company added that the video
is for dramatization purposes only. The video description added, "Success, not
only achieved with talent but also with hardwork and the right partner to bring
you to a higher level. #TheNextGalaxy."

Samsung is facing tough competition in the premium smartphone segment from
Apple. Apple has been successful in improving its market share in Chinese market
as well, an achievement which surprised technology market analysts. In the
budget phone segment, Samsung is facing competition from Chinese brands and many
other smartphone vendors like Motorola and Lenovo.

Samsung website announced that it will release the next Galaxy smartphone at
Mobile World Congress in Barcelona on February 21.

Rumors suggest that Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge will come with a larger 5.5
inch screen, matching the specifications of Apple's latest iPhone. It is still
not sure if Galaxy S7 will have force-touch technology. Apple already offers 3D
Touch in its latest iPhone.

Wireless charging and water resistance isn't anything that will entice buyers
towards Samsung Galaxy S7. Many other phones already offer these features and in
future, most of the phones will have them. Samsung will have to think out of the
box and still offer the smartphone with a competitive price tag. Pressure
sensitive touch will be a feature that most consumers will want to see it Galaxy
S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge.

Rumors suggest that Galaxy S7 will have an improved camera with better imaging
quality in low light as well. And, Galaxy S7 could also do away with rear camera
bulging out as in S6.

Samsung is possibly offering a stronger battery at 3,600 mAh in Galaxy S7 Edge
compared to 2,600 mAh in Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge.

According to a JD Power survey about smartphone owner satisfaction, "Nearly
one-third (31%) of customers select their phone based on its features, followed
by price at 22 percent; operating system at 17 percent; and style/design at 15
percent. Satisfaction is highest among customers who choose their phone based on
operating system, with 79 percent of these customers saying they 'strongly
agree' or 'somewhat agree' that they feel loyal to the smartphone brand."

A MacRumors report added, "Samsung's Galaxy S5 was IP67 water resistant, a
feature that didn't make it into the flagship Galaxy S6 but is expected to be
included in the Galaxy S7."

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             March 15, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung Galaxy S7: Should Galaxy S6 users upgrade?

BYLINE: Debashis Sarkar

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 556 words


The new flagships from Samsung -- Galaxy S7 and S7 edge -- willfrom March 18 in
India. Market experts have already stated that the timing and pricing of the new
S7 smartphones is a clever competitive move from Samsung. However, consumers --
many who are yet to get a hang of the earlier S6 series -- feel it is too early
to consider the new flagships. Also, those who already use any of the S6 series
smartphones might consider waiting a bit before upgrading.

So, is it too early to think about the Galaxy S7? Or should you really look at
upgrading now? Here are 4 things you need to keep in mind...Hardware: Hard to
gauge the real difference in experienceFor Galaxy S6 users, there is very little
meaning to upgrade to the plain Galaxy S7. While the new version offers a new
Exynos chipset, more RAM, better camera, a microSD card slot and water-resistant
body, these will not be enough to provide a differentiated experience, thanks to
the nearly identical Android Marshmallow-powered TouchWiz UI in the new
flagships. For someone using Galaxy S6, upgrading to the S7 edge makes more
sense as the Edge Screen adds more value.Consumers who are using the Galaxy S6
edge or S6 edge+ might look forward to the compact design, waterproofing and an
improved edge screen.As far as Gear VR is concerned, it is supported by all
Galaxy flagships -- S6, S6 edge, S6 edge+, Note 5, S7 and S7 edge.Software:
Android M update expectedSamsung is yet toall S6 series smartphones in the
country to Android Marshmallow. Once the upgrade is complete, there will hardly
be any differentiating factor when compared to S7 flagships which come with
Android Marshmallow-based TouchWiz out-of-the-box.There is a possibility that
Samsung might silently roll out an update for the older S6 edge and S6 edge+
later, offering the same Edge Screen features currently present in the S7 edge
only.Samsung had earlier done the same by introducing software features of the
S6 edge+ to the smaller S6 edge. Galaxy S7 or S7 edge?The new Galaxy S7 phones
appear to be an incremental upgrade when compared to the earlier S6 series,
featuring a similar glass and metal design. Both feature a familiar metal and
glass design.However, for people who have not used any S6 series smartphones, it
will be a delight. It is light and compact with a good build quality. Consumers
won't feel that they are actually using the 5.1-inch S7 smartphone.Even the
bigger 5.5-inch Galaxy S7 edge can be easily used with one hand. The new
flagship feels premium and can be called a polished version of the older S6
series.When it comes to choosing between the two, the S7 edge offers more value
any day.Price cuts and exchange offersSamsung is known for slashing prices of
its high end smartphones drastically. It had done the same with the early
flagships models as well. The Galaxy S6 and S6 edge started to sell for as low
as Rs 36,000 and Rs 40,000 within just six months of launch at a price of Rs
49,900 and 58,900, respectively.Samsung's free Gear VR bundle for consumers who
pre-ordered the new flagships is no doubt a good deal. But people who have not
opted to pre-order might want to wait for a couple months. While Samsung has no
plans to introduce any buy-back or exchange offers, there might be such offers
on leading e-commerce websites later.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                              May 30, 2016 Monday

7 reasons why you'll fall in love with this new smart device

SECTION: Vol. 30 No. 88

LENGTH: 988  words


A phone is no longer just a phone.

Today, many people see their smartphones as the center of their galaxy and
require a device that defies the barriers.

The recently launched Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge is inspired by the people
who have a passion for meaningful progress.

Samsung designed a phone that empowers users to break boundaries and do what
they love better, faster and easier.

In fact, reviews from around the world have lauded the Samsung Galaxy S7 as the
'best Android phone you can buy'1and 'the phone to beat'.

2

When considering smartphone technology in the market today, what is it that
makes the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge stand out from a sea of other devices in
the Middle East region?

Here are the seven clear distinctive reasons:

You'll own the night

Living in a region where the night is as vibrant as the day, you'll want to
capture memories in high quality images during the darkest hours, as you would
expect during the day.

The technology behind the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge ensures superlative image
quality, even in low-light conditions.

And with Ramadan fast approaching, the automatic HDR technology will enable you
to capture every memory in a higher range of colours and brightness.

You can forget blurry photos too, thanks to the optical image stabilisation and
if you're at the beach, with one simple tap on the screen, the phone will
automatically adjust the brightness to deliver a perfect image - every time.

Return of the expandable storage

Space is increasingly becoming a commodity when it comes to smartphones, as
consumers are doing more and more with their devices.

Nowadays mobile devices are expected to accommodate, not only higher resolution
video and images, but also an increased number of files ranging from work to
play, substantially increasing storage demands.

Samsung has addressed these requirements by resurrecting the micro SD card slot
on the latest Galaxy S7 and S7 edge devices, expanding your horizon and storage
up to 200GB.

Take mobile gaming to new heights

If you're passionate about gaming and want to stay ahead of your league,
challenge friends regardless of the hour and last longer - you can.

The Galaxy S7 and S7 edge battery is now bigger so you can play for hours and
hours longer.

And the enhanced RAM and processors keep everything running smoothly, at full
capacity - so there'll be no more lags.

The larger 5.1-inch screen of the Galaxy S7 and the 5.5-inch screen of the
Galaxy S7 edge, together with Quad HD and a higher pixel density mean that the
image is clearer and more defined, while Samsung's liquid cooling technology
ensures that you'll never have to worry about your game overheating.

Make a splash

Gaming isn't the only way we play in this region.

If you're lucky enough to live by the beach, or you like to spend your days by
the pool, the Galaxy S7 or S7 edge will be next to you, every time.

Water-resistant in up to 1.5 meters of water for up to 30 minutes means that you
can take underwater images by the pool, or even play your favorite game while
you're in the bath - without worrying about dropping your phone.

It also means small mishaps, such as dropping your phone in the kitchen sink or
even the toilet is no longer a pain point, as your Galaxy S7 or S7 edge will
simply continue to function normally.

You'll have the ultimate travel companion

If you have a passion for the outdoors, the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge is your
ultimate travel companion.

Having passed military specification testing against a subset of 20 specific
environmental conditions, including temperature, dust and sand, shock and
vibration, low pressure, and high altitude means that your smartphone is your
ultimate companion, wherever you go.

Play in the mud, spill on it, splash it, dunk it-then wipe it off and keep
going.

Functionality and craftsmanship come together

Samsung has taken high-end technology and encapsulated it in an inviting
comfortable design.

This perfect marriage has been brought about by paying attention to usability,
but also keeping a sharp eye on craftsmanship.

Using 3D Forming glass technology, Samsung has combined the curved glass and
metal to create a seamless singular smooth yet natural shape.

Paying close attention to detail, everything from the buttons to the rear camera
has been streamlined to not disrupt the contour of the device.

A slight sliver has been shaved off the sides to increase the sensation of
holding the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge in your hands.

A seamless experience

The large 5.1-inch screen size of the S7 and the phablet size of the S7edge at
5.5-inches makes it more difficult to use the device with one hand.

However, there is a way to adjust the device so it is easier to control - the
One-Handed operation feature reduces the home screen size and moves the
keyboards, making it easier to use the device with one hand.

And with the strengthening of this third party ecosystem, users can experience a
differentiated and richer edge experience through specialized news, sports, and
finance on the Galaxy S7 and S7-edge, as well as the mobile shopping apps on the
Galaxy S7-edge.

The rounded square icons create a more organized, visually pleasing appearance,
and the lock and home screens have also been simplified.

Quite simply, the Samsung Galaxy S7 range offers something more than simple
progress in mobile technologies.

It combines form and functionality without compromise.

What's more, the phone perfectly caters to people living in the Middle East.

This smooth, sleek, functional device is so much more than just a phone.

About Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.

Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. inspires the world and shapes the future with
transformative ideas and technologies.

The company is redefining the worlds of TVs, smartphones, wearable devices,
tablets, cameras, digital appliances, printers, medical equipment, network
systems, and semiconductor and LED solutions.

For the latest news, please visit the Samsung Newsroom at news.samsung.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            March 19, 2016 Saturday

Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge hit Indian stores; available at Rs 48,900 and
Rs 56,900

LENGTH: 282  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, March 19 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Samsung's newly launched Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge smartphones is up for
sale in India from Friday.


 The company is also giving away free Gear virtual reality (VR) to it customers,
however these are only for the customers who have pre-ordered the devices
between March 8 and 17.
 The company via its India Twitter page said:
 Taking the smartphone world by surprise, Samsung launched its flagship
smartphone Galaxy S7 and its curved-screen companion Galaxy S7 Edge at an
irresistible price of Rs 48,900 and Rs 56,900, respectively.
 The Galaxy S7 features 5.1-inch display and 3,000 mAh battery, while the S7
edge has 5.5-inch display and 3,600 mAh battery. With Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7
edge, Samsung has introduced the first dual-pixel camera on a smartphone, which
delivers brighter and sharper images, even in low light.
 The 4GB RAM devices are constructed with 3D glass and metal and are water and
dust resistant. The devices can sustain up to 30 minutes submerged in a meter
and a half of water. The hybrid SIM card tray allows users to insert a microSD
card for up to 200GB of additional storage and in some select countries, the
tray can be used with dual SIM cards. Both have 32GB internal memory.
 The Galaxy S7 devices' CPU is about 44 percent more powerful than its
predecessor and the a dramatically enhanced GPU - which does the heavy lifting
for graphics - is about 60 percent more powerful than the one in Galaxy S6.
 Samsung Galaxy S7 has a 2560 X 1440 (534ppi) 5.1-inch Quad HD Super AMOLED
display while S7 Edge has a 2560 X 1440 (577ppi) 5.5-inch Quad HD Super AMOLED
display.
 Both phones run on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) operating system.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

First look: how Samsung's new Galaxy S7 is different;
Digital Life

BYLINE: John Davidson - John Davidson is attending the Mobile World Congress in
Barcelona as a guest of Samsung.

SECTION: COMPUTERS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 832 words


Someone needs to write a guide on how to tell Samsung's new Galaxy S7 apart from
Samsung's old Galaxy S6.

For the Galaxy S7 does look an awful lot like the Galaxy S6, almost as much as
the iPhone 6s looks like the iPhone 6. Which does suggest that the similarity is
not a bad thing in itself. It has worked well for Apple, keeping the same
designs going for a couple of years, and having played with the Galaxy S7 and
its bigger sister phone, the S7 edge, for around an hour, just ahead of its
launch here at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, my guess is it will work
for Samsung, too.

When you're on to a good thing, as they say ... and the Galaxy S6 was certainly
a good thing, certainly the prettiest phone that Samsung had ever come up with
when it launched a year ago, and arguably the prettiest phone that anyone had
come up with in the short history of smartphones.

So it's hardly surprising that the S7 stays very faithful to its predecessor.
It's downright sensible, in fact.

Though of course it wouldn't be Samsung if the new model didn't have a few
design enhancements of its own, most notably a curve to its back (borrowed in
part from the curve on the back of the Galaxy Note 5) which makes the Galaxy S7
feel a little smaller in the hand than the Galaxy S6, even though, upon very
close inspection, the S7 is fractionally thicker.

So there's the slight curve to the back edges, the feel in the hand and the
thickness of the phone, as ways to distinguish the old phone from the new phone.
Also there's the thickness of the camera, which protrudes out the back of the
phone far less, which is an impressive feat considering how much more capable
the camera now is.

Not only does it have a faster, f1.7 lens, which usually makes a lens bigger,
not smaller, but it's also got bigger photosites in the light sensor, which also
should have made the camera bigger, but somehow hasn't. The camera unit is
significantly smaller, and is probably the easiest way to tell the S7 from the
S6.

That, and the photos themselves. In brief demos I've seen of the S7's camera
compared to the cameras in the Galaxy S6 and the iPhone 6s, photos from the S7
are easily the best, especially in low light where that faster lens and those
bigger photosites come into play. Focusing, too, is much faster in the S7 than
on either of those other phones, especially in low light.

But I hasten to point out that those demos were designed by Samsung, so who
knows what jiggery-pokery was happening? It's possible they were designed to
showcase only the rare examples where the S7 has the best camera, and hide the
more common examples where the S7 takes worse photos due to its undersized
camera. It's possible, though I doubt it.

Photos from the S7 were so much better than photos from the iPhone 6s, I expect
we'll find the same thing when we do a thorough review of the camera ourselves
in coming weeks, just as soon as we get our hands on one for more than an hour.

But getting back to the task at hand, which is telling the S7 apart from the S6
from external appearances.

What's most impressive about the similarities between the old Galaxy and the new
Galaxy is that, though they look almost identical, there really are some radical
changes under the hood.

When Samsung came up with its first pretty Galaxy phone, the S6, the price of
that prettiness was pretty steep. Users had to give up weather-proofing (the
Galaxy S5, for all its ugliness, was IP67 rated), they had to give up a microSD
card slot that gave them vital extra storage, and they had to give up a
removable battery, all in the name of marvellous good looks.

Yet in the space of just a year, Samsung has reversed two of those three losses,
in one case with interest. Without looking any different, the Galaxy S7 once
again has a microSD slot, this time built into the SIM tray the same way Oppo
did it, with a multi-purpose second slot that can hold either a second SIM card
or a microSD card.

In Australia we'll only have the option of the microSD card, which makes sense
when you consider the high price of the phone ($1149) and the fact that dual-SIM
phones mainly appeal to cost-conscious consumers.

Better than the return of the microSD card is the return of weather-proofing,
which has even been improved to an IP68 rating. IP68 means the phone is
completely dustproof, and can be submerged under 1.5 metres of fresh water for
30 minutes. I saw it submerged for perhaps 30 seconds, to no ill effect.

Even better than the improved waterproof rating is the fact that, when you don't
have the phone submerged in a vase of water, you can't even tell the
waterproofing is there. There are no ungainly plugs, no watertight seals you
have to wrestle with every time you want to plug your phone into something. All
the waterproofing is internal. Externally, the S7 is just like the S6.

Yes, someone needs to write a guide on how to tell Samsung's new Galaxy S7 apart
from Samsung's old Galaxy S6. It may as well be me. This may as well be that
guide.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Externally, the new Samsung Galaxy S7 is just like the old
Galaxy S6.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Smart Photography

                                 April 6, 2016

National: Samsung launches new flagship smartphones

LENGTH: 279  words


Samsung Electronics has presented its much touted flagship devices-the Galaxy S7
and Galaxy S7 Edge. Both the smartphones feature a thinner bezel. The Galaxy S7
Edge uses a 5.5 inch AMOLED display and the Galaxy S7, a 5.1 inch display.
Equipped with IP68 splash and dust resistance, both the devices can continue
functioning while submerged in water at a depth of one meter and half.



These smartphones also incorporate a dual pixel camera. Due to the dual pixel
technology, they can autofocus accurately even in low-light conditions. The
devices also incorporate a new camera mode Motion Panorama which gives movement
to traditional panoramic pictures, providing for a complete immersive visual
experience.

The Galaxy S7 and S7 edge use a battery of 3000 mAh and 3600 mAh respectively.
Introducing the new devices, Manu Sharma, Director, Mobile Business, Samsung
India Electronics said,"Galaxy S7 and S7 edge will offer consumers the ultimate
smartphone experience that sets new benchmarks in the global mobile space, with
cuttingedge design and extraordinary performance. Innovations such as dual pixel
technology in Galaxy S7 & Galaxy S7 edge camera delivers brighter and sharper
images even in low light, and Samsung Concierge offers a personalised experience
for users."

Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge are available at a price of Rs.48,900
(32GB) and Rs.56,900 (32GB) respectively. Both the smartphones are available in
three colours Black Onyx, Gold Platinum and Silver Titanium. Samsung is also
offering multiple accessories such as Clear cover, Battery pack, Flip wallet,
LED view cover, S View cover and a wireless charger stand on purchase of these
new smartphones.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


         Copyright 2016 Next Gen Publishing, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

A new Galaxy to explore...

LENGTH: 464 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Berkshire: Telef&oacute;nica UK Limited has issued the following news release:



 Sunday evenings are usually pretty 'blah' &ndash; the weekend's passed too
quickly and is drawing to a close; work begins again tomorrow. Blah.





 Today, however, is different &ndash; thanks to an exciting announcement from
Samsung at this year's Mobile World Congress: the Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy
S7 edge are coming. And they're coming to O2!



 Ever since the launch of the first Galaxy S back in 2010, Samsung have set the
benchmark for phone specs with innovative features that are often way ahead of
the curve. The Galaxy S7 and S7 edge are no exception, with some notable
upgrades from the vastly capable Galaxy S6.



 First up, the new camera on the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge boasts 2DP professional
SLR technology, which offers unprecedented speed and lowlight performance. And
with instant backup to Google Photos, you can always be sure that your photos
are safe.



 They're also pretty life-proof, being dust and water resistant to an IP68
rating. At the same time, the two newest Galaxy devices remain amongst the
best-looking phones on the market. Beauty *and* practicality &ndash; a winning
mix.



 The Galaxy S7 and S7 edge also see the return of the expandable memory slot, so
you can be sure that you'll always have enough space to store everything you
need. Add that to a battery that lasts longer and charges faster (you can get a
full charge wirelessly on the S7 range faster than you can from a wired charge
on the iPhone 6s) and you've got a truly winning combination.



 As you might expect, Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge are coming to O2 with some
great offers.



 For example, those who pre-order on a 3GB or higher will get a free pair of
Jabra Sport Pulse Wireless earbuds worth &pound;149.99. These aren't just any
earphones &ndash; as well as delivering sound to an incredible quality and
enabling you to make and receive calls, they also have an in-ear heart rate
monitor which offers clinical-grade accuracy.



 Another great reason to pre-order before Monday 7 March is that you'll be
amongst the first to experience the latest Galaxy phones; we'll send your phone
up to 3 days before the general release on Friday 11 March.



 Finally, O2 customers who get their Galaxy S7 or S7 edge on our new 30GB tariff
will be able to trade in and upgrade at no extra cost after 12 months.



 To preorder your new Samsung Galaxy S7 or S7 edge, click here to visit the O2
website. Oh, and don't worry about transferring all your personal stuff to your
new phone &ndash; Samsung's got that covered too, with a transfer kit in the box
to help you move in minutes, even if you're new to Android.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content, please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                       March 11, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Phone Arena: Galaxy S7 has inferior battery life compared to Galaxy S6

BYLINE: Anja Prohaska

LENGTH: 223  words


According to a Phone Arena report, the battery of Samsung newest Galaxy flagship
handset - Galaxy S7, and its bigger Galaxy S7 Edge counterpart - is bigger than
that of its predecessor, but the battery life of the new models is comparatively
inferior to the previous ones.

Specifically, Phone Arena has pointed out that the 3000 mAh battery of the
Galaxy S7 model and the 3600 mAh battery of the Galaxy S7 Edge version are
substantially bigger than the 2550 mAh battery of the Galaxy S6 model and the
2600 mAh battery of the Galaxy S6 Edge variant.

However, despite their bigger battery, the new Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge
handsets - as per Phone Arena's findings - have an inferior battery life in
comparison to the Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge handsets.

The battery performance of the new Galaxy handsets vis-a-vis their predecessors
was determined by Phone Arena on the basis of the results of its proprietary
test. The strenuous custom battery test designed by Phone Arena showed how long
the new and the previous Galaxy handsets lasted on a single charge.

With the battery test having revealed that the battery life of Galaxy S7 is 6
hours and 37 minutes, while that of Galaxy S6 is 7 hours and14 minutes, Phone
Arena said in a recent blog post: "Considering the larger cell of the Galaxy S7,
it's a bit weird to see such a notable delta."

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                            March 10, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

7 heaven;
StarTech

BYLINE: DAVE SNELLING

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 703 words


SAMSUNG GALAXY

S7 EDGE

*****

SAMSUNG'S Galaxy S6 SAMSUNG'S Galaxy S6 edge was by far the best phone of 2015.

Now the Korean tech firm is back with its refreshed and fully updated device,
the Galaxy S7 edge.

These two devices may look similar but there are plenty of tasty upgrades tucked
inside the shiny new handset.

The question is, should you buy the Galaxy S7 edge or grab a bargain and pick up
last year's S6?

THE DESIGN

ON the outside the S7 hasn't changed much, but that's no problem as this phone
is still as stunning - and as curvy - as a Page 3 beauty.

The curved edge display, metal frame and glass back means we're glad Samsung
hasn't tinkered too much with the design.

However there are a few welcome changes that set it apart from the older S6.

Firstly, Samsung has got rid of the unsightly camera hump which stuck out of the
S6 like a boil on its bottom, and the rear case has been slightly curved to make
it more comfortable to hold.

However, the best new design feature is surely the S7's waterproof case.

StarTech dropped the S7 in the drink and it emerged soggy, but totally
unscathed.

Our only criticism of the S7 Edge is the glass case is a magnet for fingerprints
and keeping it pristine is a full time mission. WINNER: Galaxy S7 Edge

THE SCREEN

WHEN it comes to what's on the screen there's one big difference between the S6
and S7 Edge and that's the size of the display.

Samsung has beefed up the S7 Edge with a new 5.5in Quad HD Super AMOLED screen
and this beast is a beauty.

The bigger display is brighter and sharper than before and features always-on
technology which allows time, date and notifications to be constantly displayed.
Just be warned. This is a big phablet-style phone and your pockets will feel
full once it's tucked in your jeans. WINNER: Galaxy S7 Edge

THE BATTERY

IT'S the news we've all been waiting for: finally a phone with a decent battery
that comes as standard.

In fact the S7 Edge has a whopping 3600mAh battery squeezed inside and our tests
have revealed it lasts around 10% longer than the S6 Edge.

The S7 can also be filled to 50% in just 10 minutes and has the ability to be
charged wirelessly. WINNER: Galaxy S7 Edge

SPEED & MEMORY

AS well as more brawn, the S7 also has more brains.

Samsung reckons its new smartphone is around 50% faster than the S6 and having
played with the S7 for a few days, it certainly feels packed with power.

From start-up to playing a memory-hungry racing sim, this device is slicker than
John Travolta on the dance floor.

The S7 also sees the return of expandable storage which will please the Samsung
faithful.

This means you can boost the S7's memory to 200GB with a MICROSD card, which is
handy as the S7 currently only ships with 32GB of in-built storage.

WINNER: Galaxy S7 Edge

CAMERA

SAMSUNG'S S6 Edge has one of the best cameras on a smartphone, but the S7 is
even better.

With a super fast focus and improved low light image quality, this phone could
give a DSLR a run for its money.

And the front-facing snapper is ideal for a celebrity selfie. You can also shoot
video footage in Ultra HD 4K quality, although, be warned, 20 seconds of footage
shot i4K will use a whopping 100MB of your precious disk space, so download
quickly. WINNER: Galaxy S7 Edge

PRICE

IF you fancy an S7 Edge you'd better clear the credit card as this smartphone is
not cheap.

Buying the device SIM-free will cost you a massive £639.

If you want the phone on contract, prices start from around £40 per month.

Meanwhile, with the S7 Edge taking centre stage, the older S6 has plummeted in
price and now costs £200 less than its shiny cousin. WINNER: Galaxy S6 Edge

EXTRAS

LIKE the S6, the S7 Edge comes packed with a fingerprint scanner, heartrate
sensor and quick access to your favourites via a swipe on the edge of the
screen.

The S7 also features a new Game Launcher which lets you play the latest apps
without getting interrupted by texts, calls and emails.

VERDICT

SAMSUNG has done it again and if you thought the S6 edge was good, wait until
you get the S7 in your hands. Everything the S6 can do the S7 does better.

With stunning looks, dazzling display, waterproof case and superior camera, this
is without doubt the smartphone to beat in 2016.

The competition should be very, very afraid.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SAY CHEESE: I give it my best look for a selfie FOCUSED: The S7's
camera is much improvedTHE FUTURE'S IN HAND: The new Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is a
winner

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DST


                       Copyright 2016 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            February 21, 2016 Sunday

Hands on with the Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge

LENGTH: 335  words


By Abbas Jaffar Ali -

As expected, Samsung has announced the update to the Samsung Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 right before the MWC event in Barcelona. Considering the massive
resign refresh that happened to the line-up last year, the Galaxy S7 retains a
very similar form factor to the Galaxy S6 but there are a few tweaks.

First of all, the Galaxy S7 now comes with a 5.1-inch screen while the Galaxy S7
Edge has a bigger 5.5-inch screen. Samsung has also brought back the MicroSD
slot in a hybrid tray that can either support dual SIM cards or a SIM card with
an SD card. The body is now IP68 certified meaning it's dust and water-proof for
30 minutes in 1.5 meters water.

The back of the Galaxy S7 Edge receives a slight curve which makes the phone a
bit nicer to hold. Samsung has also reduced the camera bump to just 46mm. The
camera itself has received the biggest update features a F.17 lens 1.4um pixels
image sensor. Samsung is also calling the Galaxy S7 as the world's first dual
pixel 12MP sensor with 100% phase detection. We tested the camera and it is
incredibly fast to focus.

Samsung claims the CPU is about 30% faster and the GPU is 60% faster on the
Galaxy S7 compared to the previous model. Battery capacity has also been
increased with the S7 featuring a 3000mAh battery and the S7 Edge a 3600mAh
battery.

Also new is an always-on screen that can display time, calendar or some built-in
images. Samsung claims that the battery drain is less than 1% per hour with the
always-on screen.

On the software side, the Edge panel is now wider and supports third party
integration so expect to see widgets for news and sports. Samsung also supports
folders like the iPhone now so you can drag and drop icons to create folders. A
Game launcher is also added that collects all your games in it's section while
game tools allow you to disable notifications and buttons without leaving a
game. You can also record gameplay video along with an overlay of the front cam
with voice recording for a running commentary.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                    February 17, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge to be launched at MWC Barcelona

BYLINE: Herb Ryder

LENGTH: 557  words


Samsung has shared a video on Samsung Indonesia website with a tagline "Get
ready for #TheNextGalaxy." While Samsung has not revealed anything new about its
next Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge smartphones, the company has provided a teaser about
the features in the newer model from Galaxy line. Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge
weren't successful in grabbing the market share that Samsung had anticipated.

The video posted on Samsung Indonesia website shows Indonesian archer Dellie
Threesyadinda as she takes her Galaxy S phone during a training session. The
phone has a wireless charger, as the video indicated. The video also showcases
Threesyadinda using the phone while rain drops bounce on the screen of Samsung
smartphone. Samsung hasn't officially said anything about the features of the
new Galaxy S 7 smartphone.

At the bottom of the video, Samsung has indicated that the phone is not water
resistant and shouldn't be submerged in water. The company added that the video
is for dramatization purposes only. The video description added, "Success, not
only achieved with talent but also with hardwork and the right partner to bring
you to a higher level. #TheNextGalaxy."

Samsung is facing tough competition in the premium smartphone segment from
Apple. Apple has been successful in improving its market share in Chinese market
as well, an achievement which surprised technology market analysts. In the
budget phone segment, Samsung is facing competition from Chinese brands and many
other smartphone vendors like Motorola and Lenovo.

Samsung website announced that it will release the next Galaxy smartphone at
Mobile World Congress in Barcelona on February 21.

Rumors suggest that Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge will come with a larger 5.5
inch screen, matching the specifications of Apple's latest iPhone. It is still
not sure if Galaxy S7 will have force-touch technology. Apple already offers 3D
Touch in its latest iPhone.

Wireless charging and water resistance isn't anything that will entice buyers
towards Samsung Galaxy S7. Many other phones already offer these features and in
future, most of the phones will have them. Samsung will have to think out of the
box and still offer the smartphone with a competitive price tag. Pressure
sensitive touch will be a feature that most consumers will want to see it Galaxy
S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge.

Rumors suggest that Galaxy S7 will have an improved camera with better imaging
quality in low light as well. And, Galaxy S7 could also do away with rear camera
bulging out as in S6.

Samsung is possibly offering a stronger battery at 3,600 mAh in Galaxy S7 Edge
compared to 2,600 mAh in Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge.

According to a JD Power survey about smartphone owner satisfaction, "Nearly
one-third (31%) of customers select their phone based on its features, followed
by price at 22 percent; operating system at 17 percent; and style/design at 15
percent. Satisfaction is highest among customers who choose their phone based on
operating system, with 79 percent of these customers saying they 'strongly
agree' or 'somewhat agree' that they feel loyal to the smartphone brand."

A MacRumors report added, "Samsung's Galaxy S5 was IP67 water resistant, a
feature that didn't make it into the flagship Galaxy S6 but is expected to be
included in the Galaxy S7."

Samsung will also launch Galaxy Note 5 at MWC Barcelona.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge review: A glamorous smartphone that will serve you well

BYLINE: Bodhisatwa Ray

SECTION: REVIEWS

LENGTH: 1139 words


Every year around this time Samsung and other smartphone makers launch their
flagship devices. This year too, many including Samsung have started to roll out
the flagship devices. One of the first to come to India is the Samsung Galaxy S7
Edge. This is one of the most awaited phones of early 2016 and we got our hands
on it for a review. Let's take a closer look and see if this smartphone is worth
the shiny penny.

Design and display

Let's admit it; the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is a gorgeous device. The curve on
the back panel has been borrowed from the successful Samsung Note 5 from last
year. The front screen panel curves into the aluminium frame not just on the
sides but at the top and bottom as well. This gives the phone a seamless
ergonomic body which sits perfect in the hand. Last year's Samsung Galaxy S6
Edge had only one design flaw, which was the edges cutting into the palms of the
person holding it for a while. This has been fixed in the Samsung Galaxy S7
Edge, as the edges are smoother than before.

Moving further the phone's curved Gorilla Glass 4 is held together by space
grade aluminium, which enables the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge to privode an IP68
rating. Simply put, the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is waterproof and dust-proof.
Samsung has brought back the expandable storage option in this smartphone, too.
The credit for pushing Samsung to re-introduce the expandable storage goes to
the people who made the company feel just how important a feature it is for a
flagship mobile to have.

On the flipside, the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge can hold just one sim card and a
memory card or two sim cards. One can't have both sim cards and the SD card on
at the same time. Samsung has decided to retain the single button design below
the display, which again serves as the fingerprint scanner.

The Samsung Galaxy S7 fingerprint scanner has seen some major improvements and
can now be considered the fastest fingerprint scanner on any smartphone. We
tested it out and yes it is quite fast to react.

The placement of the sim slot, 3.5 mm audio-jack, USB connector and the volume
and the power buttons are the same as seen on the S6. The Samsung Galaxy S7
Edge's now sits almost flat on a table with the significantly reduced camera
module at the back.

The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge's excels in the display department. The screen is
absolutely stunning and displays lively colours. The quad-HD screen with a
resolution of 2,560 x 1,440 pixel density reproduces brilliant hues using the
super AMOLED technology. The best part of the screen is that it can be viewed
from the most difficult angles without any distortion of the image, and this
cannot be said for some of the best LED TV's in the market right now.

Camera and performance

Samsung has scaled down the megapixels for the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge and now
uses a 12 MP rear camera. This just proves that a high megapixel is no longer a
relevant criterion for a good camera. Instead they are now employing a new Dual
Pixel technology with a bigger aperture size of f/1.7 and larger pixel sensors.
The larger pixels enable lightning fast focussing on the target. The Dual Pixel
technology makes all the pixels a possible sensor for focussing and not just
certain pixels.

The camera app now launches even faster than before and the shutter speeds on
auto are very impressive. The 'pro' mode in the camera app now has support for
controlling the shutter speed and an even greater ISO range. Ofcourse you cannot
get a DLSR like shot from the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, however Samsung has got a
sure winner when it comes to picture quality (indoors and outdoors) and low
light shots.

The front 5MP camera is as impressive as the rear one and now boasts a
wide-angle lens, which simply means more faces can fit in your selfies. This
time Samsung borrowed the front screen flash from Apple and has incorporated it
to the Galaxy S7 Edge.

Samsung's own Exynos 7420 processor was a hit last year with their Galaxy S6
phones in India and topped the benchmarking tests while other phones with the
Snapdragon 810 came second. This time Samsung has used the Snapdragon 820 in
some regions and their own Exynos 8890 processor in the rest. The phones in
India will feature the Exynos 8890 variant and comes with an internal storage of
32GB.

The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge processor runs eight-cores, with four of them running
at 2.6GHz and the other four at 1.59GHz. This works in tandem with a Mali T880
GPU and 4GB DDR4 RAM to demolish any app or game lag. It aced the benchmarking
tests and scored a blazing 1,14,575 on AnTuTu benchmark leaving every other
device biting the dust.

Even though Samsung is now using liquid cooling technology in the Galaxy S7
Edge, it does heat up while installing apps or charging. The speakers are at the
bottom like the last phone and are loud enough to be heard while walking on the
street with the phone in your pocket. An area where Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge has
seen a big improvement is the battery life. It now sports a bigger 3,600mAh
battery that lasts almost 24 hours under nominal-extensive use.

We could not try out the Samsung Pay as it is not available in India yet, but
the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge now offers concierge services in its 'My Galaxy' app
with special discounts and services like an assistant, cabs, grocery, recharge,
phone pick-up and drop services, et al. Samsung has also added a new method
where the app drawer can be eliminated altogether and the apps can be brought
out to the main screen. This can be accessed in a section called 'Galaxy Labs'
in the settings.

Inside the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is the custom TouchWiz user interface, which
is almost identical to the S6 Edge (that just received the Marshmallow update).
The Edge screens now have a variety of accessibility and apps ready. This does
help locate important apps quickly, but the double rows mean that the look is
slightly cluttered. There have been some new additions to the Edge screens too
with Yahoo news, weather, scale, compass, etc.

Verdict

The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge has taken a leap ahead of all the other flagships
this year and the closest to it in specs is the LG G5. We gave this phone a nice
bath as well and it survived the dip. When it comes to the purchase, it is a
gorgeous phone that is worth buying if you do not mind spending the extra penny.

The Galaxy S6 Edge with the Marshmallow update has almost similar user interface
features now and is retailing for much lower than what the Samsung Galaxy S7
Edge is at. The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge launched at a gap of 11 months from the
last Galaxy phone and shows little promise in terms of a rapid upgrade. But, it
is a great buy for a first time Galaxy user. The new Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is
available for Rs 56,900 and is a worthy competitor to phones like the Apple
iPhone 6S Plus.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             April 9, 2016 Saturday

With record sale of Galaxy S7 & S7 Edge, Samsung may trump Apple in India

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 508 words


NEW DELHI: Mobile phone retailers and industry insiders reveal Samsung's Galaxy
S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge models have had massive success in India just after
launch, which can potentially catapult the South Korean company to the front of
the premium devices segment, outpacing rival and pack leader Apple.

Retail channels said Samsung has sold over 60,000 S7 models within a month of
launch - roughly twice the number of its predecessor S6 in the same time.

Analysts said the strong initial demand could well put Samsung in the lead in
the April-June quarter in the premium segment, outpacing current leader Apple.
Cupertino-based Apple, which held the No 1spot in the October-December quarter,
launches a smaller screen rival, iPhone SE, on April 8, but that hasn't
generated any buzz among consumers, retailers told ET.

"We believe S7 series, in the April-June quarter, will help Samsung strengthen
and occupy pole-position in the Indian premium smartphone market, looking into
the seasonality cycle of iPhone 6s series and lukewarm response to new Apple
iPhone SE," said Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at Counterpoint Research.

The research firm's initial estimates for sell-in (stocks going to distributors)
for initial two weeks suggest a 65% on-year increase for Galaxy S7 series in
India, compared with Galaxy S6 series last year.

According to some large format retailers, the demand for S7 series has soared
since launch, far higher than what they saw for the S6, which was launched last
year. Some said their stocks have dried up due to high demand.

The sales spurt will help Samsung cement its position against Apple, and as a
result, the segment is expect to grow 60% on-year in the second quarter this
year, Pathak said.

Industry executives aware of the demand-supply gap said orders for about 20,000
phones are in the pipeline, and of the total sales so far, about 80% belong to
the higher quoting Galaxy S7 Edge. "Galaxy S7 and S7 edge are receiving a great
response from our customers with pre-orders which are almost double than that of
the Galaxy S6 and S6 edge," said Manu Sharma, VP-product marketing at Samsung
India Electronics.

The strong pre-order performance for the new Galaxy S7 and S7 edge illustrates
strong customer appetite for our premium smartphones in India, he added.
Industry executives, who did not wish to be named, said the company was doubling
shifts at its Noida plant to ramp up supplies. Samsung didn't comment on this.

"Demand for the Galaxy S7 has been very good and we don't have enough stock to
meet orders," said Subhash Chandra, managing director of Bengaluru-based
Sangeetha Mobiles.

Samsung launched the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge in India on March 18, priced
.`48,900 and.`56,900, respectively. The company has been bundling or giving
sharp discounts on VR headsets along with the devices.

Sales of the iPhone SE are set to begin on April 8. although Apple has started
taking pre-orders, retailers in Delhi said the pace at which inquiries were
coming in indicated tepid demand.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                               September 13, 2016

NTEL Announces Network Compatibility With Samsung Galaxy Devices

BYLINE: Emma Okonji

LENGTH: 442 words


Ntel, which recently launched with the most advanced 4G/LTE broadband
technology, has announced its network's compatibility with two high-quality
devices, the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge.

According to ntel, following months of compatibility tests, its network is now
compatible with Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge making it possible for owners and
users of the devices to call and browse at superfast speeds on the ntel network.

With this feat, ntel becomes the first 4G/LTE provider in Africa to achieve
device and network compatibility that will enable VoLTE capable calls,

ntel's network supports crystal-clear HD Voice calling (VoLTE), as well as key
LTE-Advanced features: Carrier Aggregation (CA); and Multiple In, Multiple Out
(MIMO) Antennae technology. These features combine to enable downlink data
speeds of up to 230Megabits per second and are both supported on Samsung Galaxy
S7 and S7 Edge devices.

Speaking on the new development, the CEO of ntel, Mr. Kamar Abass, said:
"Samsung is the leader in the Nigerian smart phone market and news of the Galaxy
S7 and S7 Edge compatibility with our 4G/LTE Advanced network is fantastic news
for our customers who have been eagerly waiting to use their high-end Samsung
devices on our network. As Nigeria's first pure-play 4G/LTE-Advanced network,
ntel is committed to ensuring its customers have the widest possible range of
devices to choose from."

The Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge devices are top of the range devices from Samsung with
enhanced design, high-quality cameras, water resistance, wireless charging, and
connectivity to an unparalleled galaxy of services, products and experiences.

Director and Business Leader, Information Technology and Mobile, Samsung
Electronics West Africa, Mr. Emmanouil Revmatas, expressed delight at the
partnership with ntel while adding that Samsung will continue to defy boundaries
of engineering to perfect the user experience through innovative designs and
envelope-pushing solutions as exemplified by the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge.

"Samsung is very particular about its customers' mobile experience and committed
to ensuring that users get the best of their mobile devices. The S7 and S7 Edge
smartphones were designed to usher consumers into a whole new galaxy with
impeccable features," Revmatas said.

"We have further cemented our brand's promise with this partnership that allows
users make calls and browse at super fast speeds without interruption. This is
definitely a great value added experience," Revmatas added.

With a sleek, curved-glass back and slim ergonomic body, the Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 edge are easy to hold in one hand and fit in your pocket or purse.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                            March 10, 2016 Thursday

Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 edge rolled out

LENGTH: 424 words

DATELINE: Kathmandu


Kathmandu, March 10 -- Samsung Electronics Nepal on Wednesday launched the
Samsung Galaxy S7 edge and the Galaxy S7, the newest additions to the Galaxy
family of smartphones amid a function

The newly launched Galaxy phones have a sleek design with powerful performance
including advanced camera features, water resistant technology and external
memory, the company said.

"We believe in a world that is brighter, sharper, more convenient and more fun,"
said Pranaya Ratna Sthapit, head HHP division, Samsung Electronics Nepal.

"We strive to deliver on that vision with the Galaxy S7 edge and Galaxy S7 by
marrying elegant design with functionality and providing a seamless mobile
experience."

The Samsung Galaxy S7 edge is priced at Rs88,900 while the Samsung Galaxy S7
costs Rs77,900. Both the phones will be available in the Nepali market from
mid-March, according to the company. Samsung Electronic Nepal has launched a
pre-booking offer starting March 10 under which everyone placing an advance
order will get a leather bag worth Rs20,000 or a Samsung gear worth Rs13,900
free, the company said.

Both the phones have Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) operating system and dual pixel
camera delivering brighter and sharper images, even in low light.

The smartphone distributor claims that dual pixel technology allows a brighter
lens with a wider aperture, bigger pixel, faster shutter speed and more accurate
autofocus even in low light. The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and the 5.5-inch Galaxy S7
edge are constructed with 3D glass and metal-all in a sleek design with
durability and ergonomic curves for a comfortable grip.

Both the phones deliver fast wired and wireless charging technology, the company
said. Additionally, the hybrid SIM card tray allows users to insert a micro SD
card for up to 200 GB of additional storage.

According to the company, it has also made significant hardware and software
updates to optimize gaming performance on the Galaxy S7 and the Galaxy S7 edge.

The powerful processor and bigger battery capacity ensure longer playing time,
and the internal cooling system keeps the device from overheating.

Game launcher, a new add-on for game lovers, allows users to manage battery
consumption and minimize notifications. Additionally, users can record their
gaming experience or share their screen to play with others.

Published: 10-03-2016 08:54

Published by HT Syndication with permission from EKantipur.com. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            March 24, 2016 Thursday

Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge review: A glamorous smartphone that will serve you well

BYLINE: Bodhisatwa Ray

SECTION: REVIEWS

LENGTH: 1121 words


Every year around this time Samsung and other smartphone makers launch their
flagship devices. This year too, many including Samsung have started to roll out
the flagship devices. One of the first to come to India is the Samsung Galaxy S7
Edge. This is one of the much awaited phones of early 2016 and we got our hands
on it to review. Let's take a closer look and see if this mobile phone is worth
the shiny penny.

Design and display

Let's admit it; the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is a gorgeous device. The curve on
the back panel has been borrowed from the successful Samsung Note 5 from last
year and the front screen panel curves into the aluminium frame not just on the
sides but at the top and bottom as well. This gives the phone a seamless
ergonomic feel. Last years Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge had only one design flaw,
which was the edges cutting into the palms of the person holding it for a while.
This has been fixed in the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, as the edges are smoother
than before.

Moving further the phone's curved Gorilla Glass 4 is held together by space
grade aluminium, which now provides the IP68 rating. Simply put, the Samsung
Galaxy S7 Edge is waterproof. Samsung has brought back the expandable storage
option in this smartphone, too. The credit for the re-introduction of the
expandable storage goes to the people who made Samsung feel just how important
for a flagship mobile to have this option in it.

On the flipside, the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge can hold just one sim card and a
memory card or two sim cards. One can't have both sim cards and the SD card on
at the same time. Samsung has decided to retain the single button design below
the display, which again serves as the fingerprint scanner.

READ ALSO:

The Samsung Galaxy S7 fingerprint scanner has seen some major improvements and
is said to be fastest fingerprint scanner on any smartphone. We tested it out
and yes it is quite fast to react.

The placement of the sim slot, 3.5 mm audio-jack, USB connector and the volume
and the power buttons are the same as seen on the S6. The Samsung Galaxy S7
Edge's now sits almost flat on a table with the significantly reduced camera
module at the back.

The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge's excels in the display department. The screen is
absolutely stunning and displays lively colours. The quad-HD screen with a
resolution of 2,560 x 1,440 pixels reproduces brilliant hues using the super
AMOLED technology. The best part of the screen is that it can be viewed from the
most difficult angles without any distortion of the image. This some of the best
LED TV's are not able to produce.

Camera and performance

Samsung has scaled down the megapixels for the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge and now
uses a 12 MP rear camera. This just proves that a high megapixel is no longer a
relevant criterion for a good camera. Instead they are employing a new Dual
Pixel technology with a bigger aperture size of f/1.7 and larger pixel sensors.
The larger pixels enable lightning fast focussing on the target. The Dual Pixel
technology makes all the pixels a possible sensor for focussing and not just one
individual pixel.

The camera app now launches even faster than before and the shutter speeds on
auto are very impressive. The 'pro' mode in the camera app now has support for
controlling the shutter speed and an even greater ISO range. Ofcourse you cannot
get a DLSR like shot from the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, however Samsung has got a
sure winner when it comes to picture quality (indoors and outdoors) and low
light shots.

READ ALSO:

The front 5MP camera is as impressive as the rear one and now boasts of a
wide-angle lens, which simply means more faces can fit in your selfies. This
time Samsung borrowed the front screen flash from Apple and has incorporated it
to the Galaxy S7 Edge.

Samsung's ownExynos 7420 processor was a hit last year with their Galaxy S6
phones in India and topped the benchmarking tests while other phones with the
Snapdragon 810 came second. This time Samsung has used the Snapdragon 820 in
some regions and their own Exynos 8890 processor in the rest. The phones in
India will feature the Exynos 8890 variant and comes with an internal storage of
32GB.

The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge processor runs eight-cores, with four of them running
at 2.6GHz and the other four at 1.59GHz. This works in tandem with a Mali T880
GPU and 4GB DDR4 RAM to demolish any app or game lag. It aced the benchmarking
tests and scored a blazing 1,14,575 on AnTuTu benchmark leaving everyone else
biting the dust.

Even though Samsung is now using liquid cooling technology in the Galaxy S7 Edge
it still does heat up while installing apps or charging. The speakers are at the
bottom like the last phone and are loud enough to be heard while walking on the
street with the phone in your pocket. An area where Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge has
seen a big improvement is the battery life. It now sports a bigger 3,600mAh
battery that lasts almost 24 hours under nominal-extensive use.

We could not try out the Samsung Pay as it is not available in India yet, but
the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge now offers concierge services in its 'My Galaxy' app
with special discounts, services like an assistant, cabs, grocery, recharge,
phone pick-up and drop services et al. Samsung has also added a new method where
the app drawer can be eliminated altogether and the apps can be brought out to
the main screen. This can be accessed in a section called 'Galaxy Labs' in the
settings.

Inside the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is the custom TouchWiz user interface, which
is almost identical to the S6 Edge (that just received the Marshmallow update).
The Edge screens now have a variety of accessibility and apps ready. This does
help locate important apps quickly, but the double rows mean that the look is
slightly cluttered. There have been some new additions to the Edge screens too
with Yahoo news, weather, scale, compass, etc.

Verdict

The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge has taken a leap ahead of all the other flagships
this year and the closest to it in specs is the LG G5. We gave this phone a nice
bath as well and it survived the dip. When it comes to the purchase, it is a
gorgeous phone that is worth buying if you do not mind spending the extra penny.

The Galaxy S6 Edge with the Marshmallow update has almost similar user interface
features now and is retailing for much lower than what the Samsung Galaxy S7
Edge is at. The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge launched at a gap of 11 months from the
last Galaxy phone and shows little promise in terms of a rapid upgrade. But, it
is a great buy for a first time Galaxy user. The new Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is
available for Rs 56,900 and is a worthy competitor to phones like the Apple
iPhone 6S Plus.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                      December 28, 2015 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Samsung planning Five Million Galaxy S7 Smartphones before Launch

BYLINE: Matt Hensley

LENGTH: 401  words


Samsung Galaxy S7 is currently the most-awaited smartphone on any technology
expert or market analyst's list of things to look forward to. Samsung has
remained tight-lipped on the latest Galaxy smartphone, rumors have been making
rounds on technology websites about S7, its features. A new report published in
South Korea's Electronic Times suggests that Samsung has already planned
production of five million Galaxy S7 smartphones before its launch in February
(tentative).

Electronic Times has cited unnamed sources in its report. Samsung has declined
to comment on the report. The Electronic Times report suggests that Samsung will
produce 3.3 million flat screen devices and 1.6 million Galaxy S7 edge.

Galaxy series has been the flagship smartphone series for Samsung and S7 will be
the seventh model in the series. According to reports, Samsung could launch two
versions of S7, Galaxy S7 (5.2 inch flat screen smartphone) and Galaxy S7 Edge
(5.5 inch curved screen).

Samsung faced inventory issues and wasn't able to meet demand for Galaxy S6
edge. Surely, Samsung management is preparing itself for the major launch event.
According to some reports, Samsung could share more details about Galaxy S7 on
January 19.

According to a Forbes report, "Production issues on the S6 Edge depressed
availability on the more technically advanced handsets and consumers did not
take to the vanilla S6 as strongly as Samsung had predicted. The impact of the
Galaxy S7 will not be seen unit the Q2 2016 earnings, which is more than six
months away."

According to past trends followed by Samsung, the Galaxy smartphones have been
announced by the company before the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona.

After Apple's iPhone 6 and 6S launched, the company has received tremendous
response in the Chinese market. As the demand for high-end smartphones has
increased in China, the market has become even more important for smartphone
vendors. Samsung has been challenged by Apple in many of its key markets.

Samsung has a tough task to deal with the cut-throat competition in the
smartphone market. Only with impressive features and an affordable price tag,
the battle can be won.

Topics: Featured (http://wtexas.com/topics/featured)Business: Technology
(http://wtexas.com/business/technology)Company: Samsung
(http://wtexas.com/company/samsung)

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

A new Galaxy to explore...

LENGTH: 389 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Berkshire: Telef&oacute;nica UK Limited has issued the following news release:


 Today, however, is different &ndash; thanks to an exciting announcement from
Samsung at this year's Mobile World Congress: the Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy
S7 edge are coming. And they're coming to O2!


 Ever since the launch of the first Galaxy S back in 2010, Samsung have set the
benchmark for phone specs with innovative features that are often way ahead of
the curve. The Galaxy S7 and S7 edge are no exception, with some notable
upgrades from the vastly capable Galaxy S6.
 First up, the new camera on the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge boasts 2DP professional
SLR technology, which offers unprecedented speed and lowlight performance. And
with instant backup to Google Photos, you can always be sure that your photos
are safe.
 They're also pretty life-proof, being dust and water resistant to an IP68
rating. At the same time, the two newest Galaxy devices remain amongst the
best-looking phones on the market. Beauty *and* practicality &ndash; a winning
mix.
 The Galaxy S7 and S7 edge also see the return of the expandable memory slot, so
you can be sure that you'll always have enough space to store everything you
need. Add that to a battery that lasts longer and charges faster (you can get a
full charge wirelessly on the S7 range faster than you can from a wired charge
on the iPhone 6s) and you've got a truly winning combination.
 As you might expect, Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge are coming to O2 with some
great offers.
 For example, those who pre-order on a 3GB or higher will get a free pair of
Jabra Sport Pulse Wireless earbuds worth &pound;149.99. These aren't just any
earphones &ndash; as well as delivering sound to an incredible quality and
enabling you to make and receive calls, they also have an in-ear heart rate
monitor which offers clinical-grade accuracy.
 Another great reason to pre-order before Monday 7 March is that you'll be
amongst the first to experience the latest Galaxy phones; we'll send your phone
up to 3 days before the general release on Friday 11 March.
 Finally, O2 customers who get their Galaxy S7 or S7 edge on our new 30GB tariff
will be able to trade in and upgrade at no extra cost after 12 months.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content, please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

O2 customers to always have the latest Galaxy thanks to ground breaking new
tariff

LENGTH: 537 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Berkshire: Telef&oacute;nica UK Limited has issued the following news release:



 O2 today announces that pre-orders for Samsung's newest flagship smartphones,
the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge, are now open &ndash; and that customers who take O2's
latest tariff will be guaranteed an upgrade at no extra cost after twelve
months. To pre-order now, visit o2.co.uk/shop.



 Samsung Galaxy S7



 Samsung Galaxy S7



 Furthermore, customers who pre-order either device before Monday 7 March will
have their order sent to them on Tuesday 8 March, three days before the phone
goes on general sale on Friday 11 March. Meanwhile any customer who purchases
either phone before Wednes-day 27 April will also receive a free pair of Jabra
Sport Pulse headphones.



 500MB to 30GB tariffs



 The Galaxy S7 and S7 edge come in Black Onyx and Gold Platinum and are the
latest members of Samsung's range of Galaxy S smartphones. With water
resistance, fast charging and expandable storage, it's got all the features
customers know and love. Plus the S7 and S7 edge's camera technology means
perfect photos every time, even in low light.



 Both phones are available on a range of O2 Refresh tariffs, offering customers
between 500MB and 30GB data, and up to unlimited minutes and texts.



 Tariffs on offer for the Galaxy S7 include unlimited minutes, texts and 3GB
data for &pound;46 per month with an upfront cost of &pound;29.99. Those opting
for the Galaxy S7 edge can choose from options such as paying &pound;51 per
month for unlimited minutes, texts and 3GB data with an upfront cost of
&pound;9.99.



 Extra flexibility, only with O2

 "We know that there's nothing better than always having the latest phone, which
is why we've created a tariff to always keep Samsung fans ahead of the curve"

 Nina Bibby, O2's Marketing and Consumer Director



 Customers who choose O2's 30GB tariff will also have extra flexibility when it
comes to up-grading their S7 or S7 edge.



 While O2's current Refresh tariff gives customers complete control over their
monthly spend and the ability to upgrade at any time by simply paying off what's
left of the cost of their phone, customers taking the new 30GB tariff will have
that payment made for them by O2 when they trade their phone in.



 Tariffs on offer with 30GB data include &pound;59 per month and a &pound;9.99
upfront cost for the Galaxy S7 and &pound;64 per month with a &pound;9.99
upfront cost for the Galaxy S7 edge. All tariffs with 30GB data offer unlimited
minutes and texts.





 Customers who take this option and trade in their S7 or S7 edge at an O2 store
after twelve months will have any outstanding Phone Plan payments waived and be
able to walk straight out with their new phone and new O2 Refresh tariff.



 "We know that there's nothing better than always having the latest phone, which
is why we've created a tariff to always keep Samsung fans ahead of the curve,"
said Nina Bibby, O2's Marketing and Consumer Director. "Plus, with data
allowances of up to 30GB, our customers will have complete flexibility with how
they use their new Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 edge and how they upgrade it too."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content, please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                              April 8, 2016 Friday
                                Kolkata Edition

With S7, Samsung All Set to Trump Apple in India

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 531 words


Mobile phone retailers and industry insiders reveal Samsung's Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 Edge models have had massive success in India just after launch, which
can potentially catapult the South Korean company to the front of the premium
devices segment, outpacing rival and pack leader Apple.

Retail channels said Samsung has sold over 60,000 S7 models within a month of
launch -roughly twice the number of its predecessor S6 in the same time.Analysts
said the strong initial demand could well put Samsung in the lead in the
April-June quarter in the premium segment, outpacing current leader Apple.

Cupertino-based Apple, which held the No 1spot in the OctoberDecember quarter,
launches a smaller screen rival, iPhone SE, on April 8, but that hasn't
generated any buzz among consumers, retailers told ET.

"We believe S7 series, in the April-June quarter, will help Samsung strengthen
and occupy pole-position in the Indian premium smartphone market, looking into
the seasonality cycle of iPhone 6s series and lukewarm response to new Apple iP

hone SE," said Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at Counterpoint Research.

The research firm's initial estimates for sell-in (stocks going to distributors)
for initial two weeks suggest a 65% on-year increase for Galaxy S7 series in
India, compared with Galaxy S6 series last year.

According to some large format retailers, the demand for S7 series has soared
since launch, far higher than what they saw

for the S6, which was launched last year. Some said their stocks have dried up
due to high demand. The sales spurt will help Samsung cement its position
against Apple, and as a

result, the segment is expect to grow 60% on-year in the second quarter this
year, Pathak said.

Industry executives aware of the demand-supply gap said orders for about 20,000
phones are in the pipeline, and of the total sales so far, about 80% belong to
the higher quoting Galaxy S7 Edge.

"Galaxy S7 and S7 edge are receiving a great response from

our customers with pre-orders which are almost double than that of the Galaxy S6
and S6 edge," said Manu Sharma, VPproduct marketing at Samsung India
Electronics.

The strong pre-order performance for the new Galaxy S7 and S7 edge illustrates
strong customer appetite for our premium smartphones in India, he added.
Industry executives, who did not wish to be named, said the company was doubling
shifts at its Noida plant to ramp up supplies. Samsung didn't comment on this.

"Demand for the Galaxy S7 has been very good and we don't have enough stock to
meet orders," said Subhash Chandra,

managing director of Bengaluru-based Sangeetha Mobiles.

Samsung launched the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge in India on March 18, priced '
. 48,900 and . 56,900, respectively. The com' pany has been bundling or giving
sharp discounts on VR headsets along with the devices.

On the other hand, sales of the iPhone SE are set to begin on April 8. The
models are priced at . 39,000 for 16 GB and ' ' . 49,000 for 64 GB. Although
Apple has started taking pre-orders, retailers in Delhi said the pace at which
inquiries were coming in indicated tepid demand. "The response has been very
lukewarm, unlike what we usually see," a Delhi-based retailer said.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Samsung unveils Galaxy S7, taps deeper into VR '

LENGTH: 620 words


Samsung Electronics Co. officially introduced new flagship smartphones on Sunday
(Spain time), along with a virtual reality (VR) device, in an effort to tap
deeper into the segment as the next growth engine for the mobile business.

During Samsung Electronics' "Unpacked" event held ahead of the Mobile World
Congress that runs in Barcelona this week, the company unveiled two smartphones:
the Galaxy S7 and its sister Galaxy S7 Edge.

The two Galaxies come with metal cases, while the curved lines of the Galaxy S7
Edge make it easier to hold. The Galaxy boasts a 5.1-inch display, while that of
the quirky sister stands at 5.5 inches.

During the showcase event, Samsung also introduced the Gear 360, the company's
first camera made exclusively for virtual reality (VR) content, in line with its
bid to take the lead in creating the segment's ecosystem.

The round Gear 360 allows users to take videos through two lenses that cover 180
degrees. It links to not only the Galaxy S7 series but previous high-end
smartphones released since the Galaxy S6 as well.

The photos taken via the Gear 360 can be shared using Google Inc.'s Street View
and other social network services through an application.

LG Electronics Inc., meanwhile, also showcased its own VR camera, as well as a
VR headset that connects with smartphones through a cable.

Mark Zuckerberg, co-founder of the social network service Facebook, also
attended the showcase event, adding the company aims to forge deeper ties with
Samsung, allowing more users to share 360-degree video content online.

The Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge, meanwhile, will come in four colors: black, gold,
white and silver.

Samsung said it has adopted what it calls a "dual pixel sensor" for the cameras
of the two models for the first time in the industry, which will enhance the
quality of photos to the level of high-end cameras. The technology allows users
to take vivid photos even in dark conditions.

The camera also took a step further than the Galaxy S6 series, as users are now
allowed to take not only photos but videos as well.

In terms of battery, the Galaxy S7 boasts a capacity of 3,000 mAh, up 18 percent
from the predecessor. That of the Galaxy S7 Edge jumped 38 percent to 3,600 mAh,
the company said. They can all be charged wirelessly.

While Samsung Electronics maintained the built-in battery system for the two
smartphones, it allowed users to expand the data capacity by up to 200 gigabytes
through micro secure digital cards, a feature that had disappeared for Galaxy S6
models and been missed by Samsung fans.

Also as shown in teaser advertisements, the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge boasts
what it calls IP68-level water-and-dust resistance, allowing smartphones to
still function after being completely submerged in water, even with USB slots
open, for up to 30 minutes.

The Galaxy S7 series also come with an "Always On Display," as shown on LG
Electronics Inc.'s flagship G5, which displays core information, such as battery
status continuously.

The new devices reflect Samsung's bid to tap deeper into the mobile gaming
industry. A user set up an interruption-free mode that optimizes the phone for
playing games, while making it easier to take snapshots of the screen.

The Galaxy S7 series also aims to further promote the company's mobile payment
platform, Samsung Pay, around the globe, with the service scheduled to reach
more countries this year.

Samsung Pay supports magnetic secure transmission technology that works on
traditional credit card machines. Like rivals Apple Pay and Android Pay, it also
supports near field communication technology that requires a separate
transaction device.

Sales of the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge will begin around mid-March, Samsung added.

(Yonhap)

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Himalayan Times

                             March 14, 2016 Monday

7 reasons to own the new Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge

BYLINE: Tht hi-tech plus

LENGTH: 353  words


KATHMANDU: Introduced in the Nepali market on March 9, the latest offerings from
Samsung - the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge, incorporate some never seen before features
both in terms of performance and design.

THT Hi-Tech Pluslists seven reasons why you should update with these latest
high-end smartphones.

With Galaxy S7 and S7 edge, Samsung has introduced the first dual pixel camera
on a smartphone delivering brighter and sharper images even in low light. Both
smartphones are equipped with 12MP primary and 5MP secondary cameras.

The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and 5.5-inch Galaxy S7 Edge are made with 3D glass and
metal - all in a sleek design with durability and egronomic curves for a
comfortable grip. Edge UX, the advanced edge experience available on Galaxy S7
Edge provides convenience and increased efficiency by creating easy shortcuts to
users' most loved functions such as email, selfie mode, panaroma mode or third
party applications.

With these latest offerings, Samsung has made significant hardware and software
updates. The smartphones are powered by Octa core (2.3GHz Quad plus 1.6GHz
Quad), 64bit, 14 nm processor and Quad Core (2.15GHz Dual plus 1.6GHz Dual), 64
bit, 14 nm processor and run Android 6.0 (Marshmallow). The phones have 4GB RAM
and 32GB or 64GB ROM which can be expanded up to 200GB via microSD card.

Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge pack powerful 3000 mAh and 3600 mAh battery respectively.
The handsets incorporates fast charging techno-logy - both via wire and
wireless.

Without compromising design, Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge both have increased utility
with IP68 water and dust resistance.

Mobile gaming just got a whole lot better with Game Launcher, a new add-on for
gamers that allows users to manage battery consumption and minimise
notifications. The users can store the latest gaming titles they have
downloaded, and access a suite of tools to improve your gaming experience.

Whether it's the seamless connection between Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge and the new
Gear S2 Classic to monitor fitness orconnecting with Gear VR to travel the world
- Samsung redefines what is possible for the mobile experience and beyond.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Himalayan Times, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  News Tonight

                      October 25, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Phone Arena reports explosion of an exchanged Galaxy S7 Edge handset

BYLINE: Naledi Nyamambi

LENGTH: 202  words


In a recently released report, mobile phone site Phone Arena has revealed that
an exchanged Samsung Galaxy S7 handset of an employee of one of the four leading
US wireless carriers -- AT&T, Verizon, Sprint, T-Mobile -- has exploded.

According to the report, the owner of the exploded Galaxy S7 handset -- the
Galaxy S7 Edge model, to be specific -- had got the handset barely two weeks
back, after exchanging a potentially explosive Galaxy Note 7, which has been
discontinued by Samsung.

Reporting the explosion of the Galaxy S7 Edge handset, Phone Arena - which has
been briefed on the incident - said that the handset's owner revealed that while
the Galaxy Note 7 had not exploded, the Galaxy S7 Edge received in exchange for
the handset exploded after normal use. The nature of the explosion of Galaxy S7
Edge is still unknown.

The Galaxy S7 Edge owner's claim that the handset had exploded will evidently
come as a surprise because the device has been available for the past few months
and has not been widely panned as being potentially explosive.

Nonetheless, in the last couple of months, some of the owners of Galaxy S7
handsets have apparently complained about the device getting overheated and
catching fire.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2016 S. G. Infotech Enterprises Pvt. Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                              April 8, 2016 Friday
                                 Mumbai Edition

With S7 Range, Samsung may Trump Apple in India

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 468 words


Mobile phone retailers and industry insiders reveal Samsung's Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 Edge models have had massive success in India just after launch, which
can potentially catapult the South Korean company to the front of the premium
devices segment, outpacing rival and pack leader Apple.

Retail channels said Samsung has sold over 60,000 S7 models within a month of
launch -roughly twice the number of its predecessor S6 in the same time.Analysts
said the strong initial demand could well put Samsung in the lead in the
April-June quarter in the premium segment, outpacing current leader Apple.

Cupertino-based Apple, which held the No 1spot in the OctoberDecember quarter,
launches a smaller screen rival, iPhone SE, on April 8, but that hasn't
generated any buzz among consumers, retailers told ET.

"We believe S7 series, in the April-June quarter, will help Samsung strengthen
and occupy pole-position in the Indian premium smartphone market,

looking into the seasonality cycle of iPhone 6s series and lukewarm response to
new Apple iPhone SE," said Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at Counterpoint
Research.

The research firm's initial estimates for sell-in (stocks going to distributors)
for initial two weeks suggest a 65% on-year increase for Galaxy S7 series in
India, compared with Galaxy S6 series last year.

According to some large for

mat retailers, the demand for S7 series has soared since launch, far higher than
what they saw for the S6, which was launched last year. Some said their stocks
have dried up due to high de

mand. The sales spurt will help Samsung cement its position against Apple, and
as a result, the segment is expect to grow 60% on-year in the second quarter
this year, Pathak said.

Industry executives aware of the demand-supply gap said orders for about 20,000
phones

are in the pipeline, and of the total sales so far, about 80% belong to the
higher quoting Galaxy S7 Edge.

"Galaxy S7 and S7 edge are receiving a great response from our customers with
pre-orders which are almost double than that of the Galaxy S6 and S6 edge," said
Manu Sharma, VPproduct marketing at Samsung India Electronics.

The strong pre-order performance for the new Galaxy S7 and S7 edge illustrates
strong customer appetite for our premium smartphones in India, he added.
Industry executives,

who did not wish to be named, said the company was doubling shifts at its Noida
plant to ramp up supplies. Samsung didn't comment on this.

"Demand for the Galaxy S7 has been very good and we don't have enough stock to
meet orders," said Subhash Chandra, managing director of Bengaluru-based
Sangeetha Mobiles.

Samsung launched the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge in India on March 18, priced '
. 48,900 and . 56,900, respectively. The com' pany has been bundling or giving
sharp discounts on VR headsets along with the devices.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                              April 8, 2016 Friday
                               Bangalore Edition

With S7 Range, Samsung may Trump Apple in India

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 468 words


Mobile phone retailers and industry insiders reveal Samsung's Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 Edge models have had massive success in India just after launch, which
can potentially catapult the South Korean company to the front of the premium
devices segment, outpacing rival and pack leader Apple.

Retail channels said Samsung has sold over 60,000 S7 models within a month of
launch -roughly twice the number of its predecessor S6 in the same time.Analysts
said the strong initial demand could well put Samsung in the lead in the
April-June quarter in the premium segment, outpacing current leader Apple.

Cupertino-based Apple, which held the No 1spot in the OctoberDecember quarter,
launches a smaller screen rival, iPhone SE, on April 8, but that hasn't
generated any buzz among consumers, retailers told ET.

"We believe S7 series, in the April-June quarter, will help Samsung strengthen
and occupy pole-position in the Indian premium smartphone market,

looking into the seasonality cycle of iPhone 6s series and lukewarm response to
new Apple iPhone SE," said Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at Counterpoint
Research.

The research firm's initial estimates for sell-in (stocks going to distributors)
for initial two weeks suggest a 65% on-year increase for Galaxy S7 series in
India, compared with Galaxy S6 series last year.

According to some large for

mat retailers, the demand for S7 series has soared since launch, far higher than
what they saw for the S6, which was launched last year. Some said their stocks
have dried up due to high de

mand. The sales spurt will help Samsung cement its position against Apple, and
as a result, the segment is expect to grow 60% on-year in the second quarter
this year, Pathak said.

Industry executives aware of the demand-supply gap said orders for about 20,000
phones

are in the pipeline, and of the total sales so far, about 80% belong to the
higher quoting Galaxy S7 Edge.

"Galaxy S7 and S7 edge are receiving a great response from our customers with
pre-orders which are almost double than that of the Galaxy S6 and S6 edge," said
Manu Sharma, VPproduct marketing at Samsung India Electronics.

The strong pre-order performance for the new Galaxy S7 and S7 edge illustrates
strong customer appetite for our premium smartphones in India, he added.
Industry executives,

who did not wish to be named, said the company was doubling shifts at its Noida
plant to ramp up supplies. Samsung didn't comment on this.

"Demand for the Galaxy S7 has been very good and we don't have enough stock to
meet orders," said Subhash Chandra, managing director of Bengaluru-based
Sangeetha Mobiles.

Samsung launched the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge in India on March 18, priced '
. 48,900 and . 56,900, respectively. The com' pany has been bundling or giving
sharp discounts on VR headsets along with the devices.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                              April 8, 2016 Friday
                                 Delhi Edition

With S7 Range, Samsung may Trump Apple in India

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 503 words


: Mobile phone retailers and industry insiders reveal Samsung's Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 Edge models have had massive success in India just after launch, which
can potentially catapult the South Korean company to the front of the premium
devices segment, outpacing rival and pack leader Apple.

Retail channels said Samsung has sold over 60,000 S7 models within a month of
launch -roughly twice the number of its predecessor S6 in the same time.Analysts
said the strong initial demand could well put Samsung in the lead in the
April-June quarter in the premium segment, outpacing current leader Apple.

Cupertino-based Apple, which held the No 1spot in the OctoberDecember quarter,
launches a smaller screen rival, iPhone SE, on April 8, but that hasn't
generated any buzz among consumers, retailers told ET.

"We believe S7 series, in the April-June quarter, will help Samsung strengthen
and occupy pole-position in the Indian premium smartphone market, looking into
the seasonality cycle of

iPhone 6s series and lukewarm response to new Apple iPhone SE," said Tarun
Pathak, senior analyst at Counterpoint Research. The research firm's initial
estimates for sell-in (stocks going to distributors) for initial two weeks
suggest a 65% on-year increase for Galaxy S7 series in India, compared with
Galaxy S6 series last year.

According to some large format retailers, the demand for S7 series has soared
since launch, far higher than

far higher than what they saw for the S6, which was launched last year. Some
said their stocks have dried up due to high demand. The sales spurt will help
Samsung cement its posi

tion against Apple, and as a result, the segment is expect to grow 60% on-year
in the second quarter this year, Pathak said.

Industry executives aware of the demand-supply gap said orders for about 20,000
phones are in the pipeline, and of the total sales so far, about 80% belong to
the higher quoting Galaxy S7

Edge. "Galaxy S7 and S7 edge are receiving a great response from our customers
with pre-orders which are almost double than that of the Galaxy S6 and S6 edge,"
said Manu Sharma, VP-product marketing at Samsung India Electronics.

The strong pre-order performance for the new Galaxy S7 and S7 edge illustrates
strong customer appetite for our premium smartphones in India, he added.
Industry executives, who did not wish to be named, said the company was doubling
shifts at its Noida plant to ramp up supplies. Samsung didn't comment on this.

"Demand for the Galaxy S7 has been very good and we don't have enough stock to
meet orders," said Subhash Chandra, managing director of Bengaluru-based
Sangeetha Mobiles.

Samsung launched the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge in India on March 18, priced '
. 48,900 and . 56,900, respectively. The com' pany has been bundling or giving
sharp discounts on VR headsets along with the devices.

Sales of the iPhone SE are set to begin on April 8. although Apple has started
taking pre-orders, retailers in Delhi said the pace at which inquiries were
coming in indicated tepid demand.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                             March 11, 2016 Friday

Samsung announces closure of pre-booking of S7, S7 Edge

SECTION: Vol. 52 No. 71

LENGTH: 119  words


As Samsung Pakistan had recently begun the pre-booking for the Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 Edge - the most anticipated smartphones of 2016, both the devices have
received an overwhelming response from the consumers. Samsung had also promised
a 'Free' Galaxy Gear VR with each confirmed pre-booking in Pakistan. Over the
past three days, Samsung stores were crowded with spirited buyers to pre-order
their favourite new galaxy devices.

The Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge have smashed many pre-order records. Internationally,
Samsung is expected to ship well over 17.2 million Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge
units within a month. In many countries, including Russia, the S7 Edge has
gained even more popularity than the Flat Galaxy S7.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                      October 25, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

After Galaxy Note 7, Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Explodes

BYLINE: Phalgunn Maharishi

LENGTH: 239  words


Just when the company recalled Galaxy Note 7 devices, it looks like Galaxy S7
Edge units are exploding!

It looks like the number of smartphone explosion cases are increasing every day,
and the most being reported are Samsung smartphones! While the recently launched
in-famous Galaxy Note 7 was pulled back for the same reason, it looks like a
recent report points at a Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge being exploded.

It is being said that the user had put his smartphone to charge with the
original Samsung charger overnight, when this incident occurred. The Galaxy S7
caught fire automatically, according to the sources.

Adding to this, PhoneArena has reported that the same user had settled for
Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge after replacing his Galaxy Note 7 after the company
announced to kill the device permanently. The images of the burnt Galaxy S7 have
been published on PhoneArena, and it looks like, it is definitely not
repairable.

However, this is not the first that that a report about the explosion of Galaxy
S7 has surfaced. In-fact, last month, we came across a report that alleged about
a Galaxy S7 Edge being exploded inside the pocket of a Ohio resident, resulting
in burn injuries to him.

While the company has sent out pop-up messages that the Galaxy S7 units are safe
and no devices will be recalled, it seems to high time for the company to
investigate once again seriously, especially after the rise of the recent
explosion incident.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Samsung unveils its next generation smartphones: Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge

LENGTH: 361  words


By tbreak Staff -

Alongside LG G5, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge are the next devices that were
showcased by the tech giant. Both smartphones are stacked with extremely
impressive hardware, and despite the fact that both of them differ in terms of
dimensions, both are mobile houses in terms of specifications.

First of all, the Galaxy S7 now comes with a 5.1-inch screen while the Galaxy S7
Edge has a bigger 5.5-inch screen. Samsung has also brought back the MicroSD
slot in a hybrid tray that can either support dual SIM cards or a SIM card with
an SD card. The body is now IP68 certified meaning it's dust and water-proof for
30 minutes in 1.5 meters water.

The back of the Galaxy S7 Edge receives a slight curve which makes the phone a
bit nicer to hold. Samsung has also reduced the camera bump to just 46mm. The
camera itself has received the biggest update features a F.17 lens 1.4um pixels
image sensor. Samsung is also calling the Galaxy S7 as the world's first dual
pixel 12MP sensor with 100 percent phase detection.

We tested the camera and it is incredibly fast to focus. Samsung claims the CPU
is about 30 percent faster and the GPU is 60 percent faster on the Galaxy S7
compared to the previous model. Battery capacity has also been increased with
the S7 featuring a 3000mAh battery and the S7 Edge a 3600mAh battery.

Also new is an always-on screen that can display time, calendar or some built-in
images. Samsung claims that the battery drain is less than 1 percent per hour
with the always-on screen. On the software side, the Edge panel is now wider and
supports third party integration so expect to see widgets for news and sports.
Samsung also supports folders like the iPhone now so you can drag and drop icons
to create folders. A Game launcher is also added that collects all your games in
its section while game tools allow you to disable notifications and buttons
without leaving a game.

If you want, you can check out our hands-on video with both handsets and tell us
what you thought.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/20/145618479195.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/78/145618479258.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/83/145618479273.jpg



LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                     December 15, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Samsung Galaxy S7 specifications leaked online; S7 might support Pressure
Sensitive Screen

BYLINE: Joseph Garcia

LENGTH: 397  words


Samsung Galaxy S7 specifications have appeared online and a Wall Street Journal
report suggests that the latest Galaxy smartphone from Samsung could support
pressure sensitive display and fast charging. According to reports, ClearForce
pressure- feedback technology will be used in Samsung Galaxy S7.

After Apple's latest iPhone model came up with many innovative features, South
Korean electronics major Samsung is under pressure to release its new smartphone
with pressure sensitive screen. Samsung Galaxy S7 is expected to launch in March
2016. Samsung has declined to comment on WSJ report.

The WSJ report has cited Samsung's touch controller supplier Synaptics as the
company might supply the controller for the latest Galaxy variant. Samsung
Galaxy S7 could also support fast charging. Under fast charging, customers might
be able to get a full-day charge within 30 minutes.

According to 'people familiar with the matter', the new smartphone could also
feature high-speed charging USB Type-C port.

The curved variant of Samsung Galaxy S7, the S7 Edge could bring back the focus
on Samsung. Samsung has been working hard to grab the market share back from
Apple after the company managed to pick up pace in major markets including China
after its recent iPhone launch.

Samsung Galaxy S7 could also offer external memory card slot.

A TechCrunch report informed, "The S7 is also set to include an improved camera
optimized for low light photography and with hardware that is flush with the
back of the phone, rather than a lens that bulges out. Other possible additions
for the S7 line include a retina scanner, and the return of an external memory
card slot (in the S7, not the S7 Edge)."

The WSJ report added, "The new devices will go on sale in the U.S. in mid-March,
these people said, after its expected announcement on the sidelines of the
Mobile World Congress trade show in Barcelona in late February. By comparison,
the Galaxy S6 was available in stores only about six weeks after its
announcement earlier this year."

Seeking Alpha has estimated that Samsung could improve its shipments with new
Galaxy smartphone, "IDC estimates Samsung had a 23.8% Q3 smartphone unit share
(down 10 bps Y/Y) via 84.5M shipments (+6.1% Y/Y). The company saw healthy
initial sales for the S6 earlier this year, but underestimated demand for the S6
Edge and overestimated demand for the standard S6."

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Siasat Daily (India)

                           February 16, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge pricing, new pictures disclosed

LENGTH: 184 words

DATELINE: Hyderabad


Hyderabad, Feb. 16 -- Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge are speculated to be
starting from 699 Euros and 799 Euros respectively. Samsung will launch the new
phones one day ahead of MWC 2016 on February 21.

As usual, leaks around the new Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge show no signs of
stopping. Not only price, but also press pictures of the new phones have also
been leaked. Tipster Evan Blass tweeted the new images of Galaxy S7 and S7 edge.

Grey, black and gold version of the S7 edge and a black and gold coloured
version of the Galaxy S7 are seen in the tweet images.

Samsung S7 is expected to come with two different chipset variants: the new
Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 SoC and its own Exynos chipset.

A new report on 9to5google also claims that Samsung Galaxy S7 will come with a
huge 3,600mAh battery. The website also posted a screenshot from the smartphone
containing FCC certification id and battery details.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Siasat Daily. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Siasat.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                             March 20, 2016 Sunday

The New S: Samsung Galaxy S7 review

LENGTH: 821 words


by Faisal Mohammed Naim faisal@timesofoman.com  The new S7 has bigger battery,
extendable memory, is waterproof and packs a bigger current generation processor
than the S6.


Back in time gone by, 'New' used to be really new: it possessed novelty. The new
didn't need to be cross examined to validate or actually discover its newness;
it could do that on its own. Today, however things have changed quite much ever
since the definition of new took a whole new dimension. From being a state,
'New' has morphed to being a trend.



The trend is hot in electronics, and even hotter in the smartphone market.
Around this time every year mobile phone biggies have to come up with a new
flagship model, even if there isn't anything actually new to offer. Leading the
bandwagon is Samsung, which religiously offers a new model every year for its
smartphone crown jewel; the 'Galaxy S' series. Since its initiation in June
2010, the 'S' series has seen seven instalments (in six years), with the latest,
the S7 launched just recently.

So how does the phone add up while many are still relishing the newness of the
S6 (which actually was something new with a total design overhaul)? Does it
really have something to fascinate further or just another hasty attempt to
remain on top? The honest answer is: "Not much really".

Compared to the S6, the S7 is almost identical. Just like the S6, the S7 also
has two avatars; the Flat and Edge, wearing the same stylish glass and metal
construction which did away with the Samsung's plastic affair. There is
difference in the size game though this time. While both S6 versions; flat and
Edge shared the same 5.1-inch QHD Super AMOLED screen, only that one screen was
flat and the other screen was curved-- this year the curved Galaxy S7 Edge jumps
up to 5.5-inches, while the flat Galaxy S7 stays at 5.1 inches. The bigger phone
also comes with a bigger battery -- 3600mAh versus the 3000mAh battery on the
S7.

The edges of the new S7's rear panel curving towards the frame make the phone
less slippery and more ergonomic, fitting into the palm of hand much better than
the S6. The rear camera sensor bump is also significantly reduced (almost
four-fold), allowing the device to look more compact and smoothly constructed.

On the technical front, the Galaxy S7 packs a Snapdragon 820 processor, while
the Galaxy S6 houses the Exynos 7420 processor, slightly lower but still very
much comparable to the Snapdragon 810. With a current generation processor and
an extra gigabyte of RAM - 4GB compared with 3GB -- the S7 is certain to be
faster than the S6. But the S6 is already a pretty speedy gadget and how
practical would the further increment be is a thing to wait and watch. For most
users it would probably be negligible. However, it is the camera where the S7
improves significantly. That is not at all to say the S6 camera lacked in any
manner. It is just that S7 has bettered the best. The S7 camera has lower specs:
12MP on the back, compared to the S6's 16MP, and 5MP on the front.

While the new camera may produce a lower number of pixels, it makes up for this
with dual-pixel technology; a feature that promises a substantial increase in
image clarity despite the lower pixel numbers.

At F/1.7, the lower camera aperture (rule of thumb: lower the better), means
even better low-light performance. Combined, the S7 focuses up to four times
faster in low-light conditions and twice as fast in daylight.

Chastised for reducing the battery size on the Galaxy Note 5 and S6, Samsung has
aptly responded to critics packing the S7 with a 3,000mAh battery, which is
bigger than even that of the Galaxy S5. However, Samsung still hasn't adopted
USB Type-C; the S7 remains on MicroUSB.

With the Galaxy S6's launch many users complained losing the MicroSD slot,
removable battery, water resistance, and MicroUSB 3.0 port of the S5. Samsung
has re-introduced some features from the Galaxy S5 with the S7, with MicroSD
slot supporting an upto 200GB expansion and much improved and very practical
IP68 certified water resistance; no clunky, unreliable external port covers to
protect the innards. The protection is all on the inside now.

The heart-rate monitor and fingerprint scanner remain as before, but the one
catchy feature you might dearly miss is the IR blaster. While both S5 and S6 had
the TV remote capabilities, we wonder why the S7 is bereft of it.

So finally is the Galaxy S7 a go or no go? Of course for the Galaxy devout it's
definitely a go-go, and it is also among the best options for someone looking to
buy their first top end smartphone.

And even if it doesn't sound good enough to the real smart smartphone user, who
cares? 'Latest is the best' is the buzzword in the smartphone arena, until some
real technological breakthroughs like augmented reality, flexible screen, or 3D
playback maybe.


© Muscat Press and Publishing House SAOC 2016 Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
(Syndigate.info).

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2016 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            August 23, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge get a price cut of Rs 5,000 each

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 347 words


NEW DELHI: Samsung has slashed the prices of its flagship smartphones - Galaxy
S7 and S7 Edge, in India. Both the devices have recieved a reduction of Rs 5,000
each in their prices, according to Mumbai-based retailer Mahesh Telecom.Samsung
Galaxy S7, which was launched at a price of Rs 48,900, is now available at Rs
43,400. On the other hand, the Galaxy S7 Edge is now available at Rs 50,900,
having been launched at Rs 56,900.For those unaware, Both Galaxy S7 and S7 edge
sport similar hardware. Galaxy S7 offers a 5.1-inch display, weighs 152 grams
and is powered by a 3,000mAh battery.

As for the Galaxy S7 edge, it sports a 5.5-inch display, has a 3,600mAh battery
and weighs 157 grams. The two new high-end smartphones have a Quad HD Super
AMOLED display with a resolution of 2560 x 1440 pixel.In terms of software, the
major difference between S7 and S7 edge is in the new improved App Edge display
on the right side of the latter. Both run the latest version of Google's Android
operating system, 6.0 Marshmallow. Both devices support microSD cards of up to
200GB in size.Other specs of the Galaxy smartphones include Exynos 8890 64-bit
octa-core processor with 4GB RAM, 12MP dual pixel f/1.7rear camera setup with
smart OIS, 5MP selfie camera, 4G support and fast charging, along with all
regular connectivity options. Samsung has also incorporated liquid cooling
technology to counter heating issues in these phones.Last week, Samsung launched
its flagship phablet Galaxy Note 7 in India. Priced at Rs 59,900, the handset
runs Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow out-of-the-box and sports a 5.7-inch Quad HD
dual-edge SuperAmoled display of 1440x2560 pixel resolution. It's protected by
Corning Gorilla Glass 5.Samsung Galaxy Note 7 houses 64GB of in-built storage
which can be further expanded by microSD cards of up to 256GB capacity. Users
will also receive 15GB free cloud storage on Samsung Cloud. For imaging duties,
the premium phablet has a 12MP dual-pixel rear-camera with Optical Image
Stabilization, along with a 5MP front-facing shooter.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            August 23, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge get a price cut of Rs 5,000 each

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 347 words


NEW DELHI: Samsung has slashed the prices of its flagship smartphones - Galaxy
S7 and S7 Edge, in India. Both the devices have recieved a reduction of Rs 5,000
each in their prices, according to Mumbai-based retailer Mahesh Telecom.Samsung
Galaxy S7, which was launched at a price of Rs 48,900, is now available at Rs
43,400. On the other hand, the Galaxy S7 Edge is now available at Rs 50,900,
having been launched at Rs 56,900.For those unaware, Both Galaxy S7 and S7 edge
sport similar hardware. Galaxy S7 offers a 5.1-inch display, weighs 152 grams
and is powered by a 3,000mAh battery.

As for the Galaxy S7 edge, it sports a 5.5-inch display, has a 3,600mAh battery
and weighs 157 grams. The two new high-end smartphones have a Quad HD Super
AMOLED display with a resolution of 2560 x 1440 pixel.In terms of software, the
major difference between S7 and S7 edge is in the new improved App Edge display
on the right side of the latter. Both run the latest version of Google's Android
operating system, 6.0 Marshmallow. Both devices support microSD cards of up to
200GB in size.Other specs of the Galaxy smartphones include Exynos 8890 64-bit
octa-core processor with 4GB RAM, 12MP dual pixel f/1.7rear camera setup with
smart OIS, 5MP selfie camera, 4G support and fast charging, along with all
regular connectivity options. Samsung has also incorporated liquid cooling
technology to counter heating issues in these phones.Last week, Samsung launched
its flagship phablet Galaxy Note 7 in India. Priced at Rs 59,900, the handset
runs Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow out-of-the-box and sports a 5.7-inch Quad HD
dual-edge SuperAmoled display of 1440x2560 pixel resolution. It's protected by
Corning Gorilla Glass 5.Samsung Galaxy Note 7 houses 64GB of in-built storage
which can be further expanded by microSD cards of up to 256GB capacity. Users
will also receive 15GB free cloud storage on Samsung Cloud. For imaging duties,
the premium phablet has a 12MP dual-pixel rear-camera with Optical Image
Stabilization, along with a 5MP front-facing shooter.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                             March 11, 2016 Friday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Samsung Galaxy S7 goes on sale worldwide, promising boosted performance and a
new camera

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 378 words


After presenting its new flagship smartphone at this year's Mobile World
Congress in Barcelona, Spain, the Samsung Galaxy S7 goes on sale worldwide on
Friday, March 11, 2016.

Samsung kept things pretty classic for this 2016 upgrade to its flagship
handset. The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and 5.5-inch Galaxy S7 edge (with rounded edges)
are similar in design to the current S6 and S6 edge, but get improved processing
performance of around 30% and 4GB of RAM. Both models run the latest version of
the Android operating system, Android 6.0 (Marshmallow), with Samsung's TouchWiz
interface.

Upgraded camera, fast autofocus

The real innovation in the Galaxy S7 (and S7 edge) comes in the camera. The
main, rear-facing camera sees its pixel-count drop from 16 to 12 megapixels, in
turn promising improved image quality, particularly in low-light conditions and
with moving subjects. This is thanks to Dual Pixel technology, which sees the
camera take two pictures at once and then fuse them into one final super-sharp
image. A 5-megapixel, wide-angle, front-facing camera is also on hand for selfie
fans.

The Galaxy S7and S7 edge are water-resistant handsets that mark the return of
the microSD memory card slot, dropped from Samsung's S6. The smartphones also
have a new "AlwaysOn" function to display certain information constantly
onscreen (time, calendar, meetings, etc.) while keeping power use extremely low.
In fact, Samsung promises over 10 hours of battery life.

Samsung is busy building a whole product ecosystem around its Galaxy S7, with
current add-ons including the Gear S2 smartwatch, the Gear VR virtual reality
headset and the new Gear 360 camera, which films 360-degree footage.

Not an essential upgrade for Samsung Galaxy S6 owners

In the end, the Samsung Galaxy S7 isn't necessarily the most stylish or the most
innovative smartphone of the moment (check out the LG G5 with its modular
design), but it's still in the running as one of the best smartphones on the
market thanks to its performances and its camera.

So while upgrading from a Galaxy S6 to an S7 doesn't seem essential, this
smartphone is sure to suit users looking to invest in a good-quality high-end
handset.

Check out the Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge in this promotional video:
youtu.be/cyohHyQl-kc

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2016 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

The new Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge best enjoyed with Globe plans

LENGTH: 382  words


As the leader in the digital lifestyle, Globe Telecom is gearing up to welcome
the newest Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge to the Philippines. With this, the
mobile savvy will now be able to take their digital lifestyle to the next level
as they complement these latest devices with the topnotch Globe myLifestyle
plans.

Designed to cater to the evolving digital lifestyles of Filipinos, myLifestyle
plans allow customers to personalize their plans to fit their interests and
bring them closer to what they love.

With the launch of the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge, Globe customers will be
able to fully enjoy the best content from Globe such as movies from online
entertainment service HOOQ or the latest game updates from your favorite teams
in the NBA.

Over the next few days, our customers will find out why it is best to get the
Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge as we introduce our unbeaten myLifestyle Plan
offers soon. True to our commitment to provide nothing but the best content and
service, and as the leader in postpaid and preferred telco carrier of the latest
smartphones, our loyal customers can be assured that the Globe myLifestyle plans
will let them maximize what the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge can offer, says Erli
Magtubo-Valdez, Vice President for Postpaid Business at Globe.

At the recent Samsung unpacking event in Barcelona, Spain lead by its CEO D.J.
Kho, Samsung showcased the innovative new features of Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge.

Both models are IP68 water and dust resistant in up to 1.5 meters of water and
for up to 30 minutes protection against dust ingress. It carries a DSLR like
Real Pixel Camera that is the world's 1st dual photodiode sensor (2PD) in mobile
that provides superfast autofocus. The new models promise brighter and clearer
images with f/1.7 lens and faster shutter speed that minimizes motion blur.

Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge has an expandable memory up to 200GB and faster processor,
smoother graphics, 4GB RAM and a larger battery and faster charging. The S7 Edge
also enhanced its Dual Edge display with the all new task edge that provides
shortcuts to the most used functions.

Finally both phones allow users to experience an expanded Galaxy Ecosystem with
Gear VR compatibility for a virtual reality experience and Gear S2 compatibility
for on-the-go convenience.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                          February 24, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung unveils next generation smartphones

SECTION: Vol. XXIX No. 354

LENGTH: 219  words


Samsung Electronics has announced the newest additions to the Galaxy family of
products, Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge. Created for today's consumer
lifestyle, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge lead the industry with a refined design,
more advanced camera, streamlined software functionality and unparalleled
connectivity to a galaxy of products, services, and experiences.

We believe in a world that is brighter, sharper, more convenient, and more fun.
We strive to deliver on that vision with the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge by
marrying elegant design with functionality and providing a seamless mobile
experience, said DJ Koh, President of Mobile Communications Business, Samsung
Electronics. We empower consumers with technology to help them get more out of
life and will continue to push the frontier of what's possible.

Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge introduce the first Dual Pixel camera on a
smartphone, delivering brighter and sharper images, even in low light. Thanks to
the revolutionary Dual Pixel technology, brighter lens with wider aperture, and
bigger pixel, the camera has a faster shutter speed and a more accurate
autofocus even in low-light conditions. Motion Panorama, a new camera mode,
brings movement to traditional panoramic photos, giving the user a completely
immersive visual experience.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                             August 12, 2016 Friday

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 vs S7 edge: Which one should you go for?;
Samsung Galaxy Note 7 or Galaxy S7 edge? For consumers, the choice will boil
down to productivity.

BYLINE: Karthekayan Iyer

LENGTH: 538  words


Samsung Galaxy Note 7 or Galaxy S7 edge? For consumers, the choice will boil
down to productivity.

Samsung has officially launched Galaxy Note 7 in India at Rs 59,900. The Galaxy
Note 7 is the first in the Note series to feature a dual curved edge display,
which also makes it more like a Galaxy S7 edge.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 will be available in India starting September 2, but the
biggest issue for any consumer will be deciding which one to buy. Having used
both Galaxy Note 7 and Galaxy S7 edge, we help you make that decision easier.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 and Galaxy S7 edge are similar not just in terms of
design, but in specifications as well. Samsung Galaxy Note 7 and S7 edge, both
are powered by the company's own Exynos 8890 processor coupled with 4GB RAM.
While Samsung Galaxy S7 edge's base memory is 32GB, the Note 7 comes in only one
variant with double the base storage at 64GB. Samsung says consumers really
demand higher storage, and it was natural for the company to go with this extra
space. Plus in case of the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 the expandable storage stands
at 256GB.

If you are someone clicking lots of pictures and shooting 4K videos, every extra
gigabyte of data matters, and Samsung's decision to double the storage is a step
in the right direction.

While Samsung Galaxy S7 edge features a 5.5-inch QHD display, Note 7 has a
slightly bigger 5.7-inch display. While Note 7 may not be as pixel dense as the
Galaxy S7 edge, the device surely makes up for it with HDR mode. Samsung Galaxy
Note 7 is the first smartphone to HDR mode enabled display.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7's HDR mode enables the display offer better contrast
ratio, and wider colour gamut. While the HDR mode won't have much effect in
normal day to day stuff, it will be extremely useful while binge watching on
Netflix.

Another first for Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is the Iris Scanner, which allows device
unlock with facial recognition. Samsung says it plans to make Iris Scanner the
only recognition method for device unlock, app unlock and even authorising
banking transaction. Samsung Galaxy Note7's iris scanner is really quick. It
unlocks device in a flash and is really useful.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 stays true to its name with the new S Pen. The S Pen now
features a 0.7mm tip which offers superior inking. The responsiveness of the S
Pen has been improved remarkably and it also comes with new features like -
Translate, Magnify and Glance. With Translate, Note 7 users can directly
translate any text to any language. Since the translation tool here is powered
by Google Translate, there is rich access to many languages. Samsung S Pen's
Translate feature also natively supports 13 Indian languages, which will be
extremely useful if you are taking a cross country road trip.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 starts at Rs 59,900, while Galaxy S7 edge with 32GB
storage is priced at Rs 55,900. At Rs 4,000 extra, Galaxy Note 7 packs that same
incredible display with HDR mode, same fast processor, same 4GB RAM and double
the storage.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 also offers superior security with Iris scanner and most
importantly the S Pen. If you are out in the market for a productive Android
smartphone then you definitely can't go wrong with Galaxy Note 7.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             March 5, 2016 Saturday

Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 edge launching in India on March 8

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 356 words


NEW DELHI:will unveil its new flagshipand S7 edge smartphones to the Indian
market on March 8, a spokesperson has told TOI Tech. The two devices will be
showcased in the country at an event in New Delhi and will hit the stores soon
thereafter.to get the new Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge. Both smartphones
wereindustry conference in Barcelona in late February.READ ALSO:There is no
official word on the India prices of the two smartphones, but they are expected
to be priced between Rs 50,000 and Rs 60,000 at the time of the launch.in the
Indian market.

Apple, whose iPhone 6S and 6S Plus compete with the two Samsung smartphones, is
considering reducing prices of some models and has set aside a counter-marketing
budget.READ ALSO:Both Galaxy S7 and S7 edge smartphones sport similar hardware.
While the Galaxy S7 offers a 5.1-inch display, weighs 152 gram and is powered by
a 3,000mAh battery, on the other hand, the bigger S7 edge sports a 5.5-inch
display, 3,600mAh battery and weighs 5 gram more. The two new high-end
smartphones have a Quad HD Super AMOLED display with a resolution of 2560 x 1440
pixels.Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge run latest version of Google's Android
operating system, Marshmallow. The new flagship Galaxy smartphones will be
available in 32GB and 64GB internal storage options. Also, Samsung has finally
brought back the microSD card slot. They now support up to 200GB microSD
cards.READ ALSO:Galaxy S7 and S7 edge will be available in two different
processor options, depending on the region -- Exynos 8890 64-bit octa-core
(2.3GHz quad-core + 1.6GHz quad-core) processor or Qualcomm Snapdragon 820
64-bit quad-core (2.15GHz dual-core + 1.6GHz dual-core) processor. Also, Samsung
has incorporated liquid cooling technology to counter heating issues. The new
phones come with 4GB LPDDR4 RAM.On the camera front, they come with a 12MP dual
pixel f/1.7rear camera with smart OIS and a 5MP selfie shooter. Other features
include 4G support (LTE Cat 9), fast-charging and NFC and MST for payments. The
devices will be available starting mid-March. Prices to be announced later.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                          February 24, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge pre orders now open

LENGTH: 193  words


By tbreak Staff -

With the Samsung Galaxy S7 and the S7 Edge finally being revealed at the MWC
event in Barcelona earlier this week, everyone has been waiting to know when
they can get it here. Well, here is the good news, pre orders are now open.

Samsung Gulf electronics announced today that the start of the pre order
campaign for the Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge for all the UAE residents.
Customers can go to the company's website, www.samsung.com , where they can
place the pre order. Customers who pre order will not only be the first ones to
own the latest Galaxy, but will also be eligible to receive a complimentary
Samsung Galaxy Gear VR, bringing together the company's flagship and its VR
headset.

The Samsung Galaxy S7 is available for AED 2399, while the Samsung Galaxy S7
Edge is available for AE 2799. Both the phones come with three color options,
which includes Black, Gold and Silver. Only the 32GB variant of the phones will
be available. The pre order campaign is for limited time only and will close on
29th of February 2016.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/69/145632687504.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/15/145632687570.jpg



LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             April 9, 2016 Saturday

With record sale of Galaxy S7 & S7 Edge, Samsung may trump Apple in India

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 625 words


NEW DELHI: Mobile phone retailers and industry insiders reveal Samsung's Galaxy
S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge models have had massive success in India just after
launch, which can potentially catapult the South Korean company to the front of
the premium devices segment, outpacing rival and pack leader Apple.

Retail channels saidhas sold over 60,000 S7 models within a month of launch -
roughly twice the number of its predecessor S6 in the same time. Analysts said
the strong initial demand could well put Samsung in the lead in the April-June
quarter in the premium segment, outpacing current leader Apple Inc.

, which held the No 1 spot in the October-December quarter, launches a smaller
screen rival, iPhone SE, on April 8, but that hasn't generated any buzz among
consumers, retailers told ET.

"We believe S7 series, in the April-June quarter, will help Samsung strengthen
and occupy pole-position in the Indian premium smartphone market, looking into
the seasonality cycle of iPhone 6s series and lukewarm response to new Apple
iPhone SE," said Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at Counterpoint Research.

The research firm's initial estimates for sell-in (stocks going to distributors)
for initial two weeks suggest a 65% on-year increase for Galaxy S7 series in
India, compared with Galaxy S6 series last year.

According to some large format retailers,series has soared since launch, far
higher than what they saw for the S6, which was launched last year. Some said
their stocks have dried up due to high demand.

The sales spurt will help Samsung cement its position against Apple, and as a
result, the segment is expect to grow 60% on-year in the second quarter this
year, Pathak said.

Industry executives aware of the demand-supply gap said orders for about 20,000
phones are in the pipeline, and of the total sales so far, about 80% belong to
the higher quoting Galaxy S7 Edge.

"Galaxy S7 and S7 edge are receiving a great response from our customers with
pre-orders which are almost double than that of the Galaxy S6 and S6 edge," said
Manu Sharma, VP-product marketing at Samsung India Electronics.

The strong pre-order performance for the new Galaxy S7 and S7 edge illustrates
strong customer appetite for our premium smartphones in India, he added.

Industry executives, who did not wish to be named, said the company was doubling
shifts at its Noida plant to ramp up supplies. Samsung didn't comment on this.

"Demand for the Galaxy S7 has been very good and we don't have enough stock to
meet orders," said Subhash Chandra, managing director of Bengaluru-based
Sangeetha Mobiles.

Samsung launched the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge in India on March 18, priced
Rs 48,900 and Rs 56,900, respectively. The company has been bundling or giving
sharp discounts on VR headsets along with the devices.

On the other hand, sales of the iPhone SE are set to begin on April 8. The
models are priced at Rs 39,000 for 16 GB and Rs 49,000 for 64 GB.

Although Apple has started taking pre-orders, retailers in Delhi said the pace
at which inquiries were coming in indicated tepid demand. "The response has been
very lukewarm, unlike what we usually see," a Delhi-based retailer said, asking
not to be named.

Apple has not shared global sales numbers for the iPhone SE, which went on sale
on March 21. The iPhone maker is not planning a midnight launch for the iPhone
SE in India, a person aware of the company's plans said, pointing out that this
was not a flagship product of the company.

On a global level, Samsung has sold about 10 million S7 series units in its
launch month in 40 countries mapped by Counterpoint Research, which is 25%
higher than S6 series. In the US, sales are up 30%, Western Europe up 20% and
China 10% higher than the S6.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

UAE retailer taking preorders for Galaxy S7

LENGTH: 102 words


A retailer in the United Arab Emirates has started to take preorders for Samsung
Electronics' latest flagship Galaxy S7 smartphone, industry sources said
Thursday.

The retailer is selling the 32-gigabyte Galaxy S7 for 2,399 dirham ($635), while
the price for the Galaxy S7 Edge was set at 2,799 dirham, according to the
sources.

Samsung's Galaxy S7 (Yonhap)

In 2015, the initial price of the Galaxy S6 with the same capacity was $695 in
Korea.

Samsung Electronics earlier said the Galaxy S7 is slated to go on sale in 60
countries as of Mar. 11.

On Sunday, Samsung Electronics showcased the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge.

(

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                              July 18, 2016 Monday

Samsung responds to failed Galaxy S7 Active water resistant test

LENGTH: 199  words


Samsung comments on water resistance test results

Earlier this week we reported on the Samsung S7 Active not performing as
expected on water resistance tests. Now Samsung has replied to the test.

Samsung recently released a press release stating the Galaxy S7 Active is in
fact IP68 certified and that the standard warranty still applies. Samsung had
issued the IP68 certification to Galaxy S7 Active as well as its siblings the S7
and S7 Edge, meaning the phone should be dust and water proof, able to survive
immersion in five feet of water for 30 minutes.

According to Consumer Reports, the Samsung Galaxy S7 Active units failed the
immersion tests, resulting in flickering screen and moisture inside, while the
standard S7 and S7 Edge passed the tests. According to Samsung's press release,
"The Galaxy S7 active passed rigorous tests to ensure IP68 certification for
water resistance.Samsung stands behind this water resistance certification, and
will replace any Galaxy S7 active under its standard limited warranty, should
water damage occur."

This hints that the S7 Active tested by Consumer Reports might have been faulty,
but lets not try to swim with the S7 Active devices for now.

Source

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                             June 2, 2016 Thursday

Samsung launches flagship Galaxy S7, S7 edge at MWC 2016

LENGTH: 275  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, June 2 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Samsung Electronics launched Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge at an event
ahead of MWC 2016, in Barcelona.


 MUST READ
 ZTE unveils value-line phones Blade V7, Blade V7 Lite; eyes 60 mln-70 mln units
in 2016
 The phones have metal and glass design. The company claims that the latest
Galaxy versions offer better performance than the previous Galaxy S6 series and
are IP68 waterproof.
 "We believe in a world that is brighter, sharper, more convenient, and more
fun. We strive to deliver on that vision with the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge
by marrying elegant design with functionality and providing a seamless mobile
experience," said DJ Koh, Samsung's new president of Mobile Communications
business.
 The phnes are supposed to be more hands-on with better features.
 MUST READ
 LG launches world's first modular smartphone G5 with dual camera,
virtual-reality set
 The S7 and S7 Edge will be available from March 11, with preorders beginning
February 23. Though the price has nit been announced yet, but if you buy either
S7 phone between February 23 and March 18, you will get a freeGear VR virtual
reality headset with a bundle of six games.
 Galaxy S7 offers a 5.1-inch display, weighs 152 gram and is powered by a
3,000mAh battery. The S7 edge is bigger with 5.5-inch display, 3,600mAh battery
and weighs 5 grams more. Both the devices have a Quad HD Super AMOLED display
with a resolution of 2560 x 1440 pixels.
 Both the new flagship smartphones run on Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating
system, and will be available in 32GB and 64GB internal storage options and
200GB through microSD card backed external memory.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             June 2, 2016 Thursday

Comparison: LG G5 vs HTC 10 vs Apple iPhone 6S vs Samsung Galaxy S7

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 418 words


NEW DELHI: LG has launched its first modular smartphone G5 in India. Priced at
Rs 52,990 the Android Marshmallow-based smartphone comes with fingerprint sensor
and a USB Type-C and will compete with the likes of HTC 10 , Samsung Galaxy S7
and Apple iPhone 6S .DisplayLG G5: 5.3 inches (1440 x 2560 pixel) resolution QHD
displayHTC 10: 5.2-inch (1,440x2,560 pixels) resolution QHD super LCD
displayApple iPhone 6S: 4.7-inch (750x1334 pixels) LED-backlit IPS LCD,
capacitive touchscreen, 16M colorsSamsung Galaxy S7: 5.1-inch (1440 x 2560
pixels) Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16M colorsOperating systemLG G5:
Android OS, v6.0.1 (Marshmallow)HTC 10: Android OS, v6.0.1 (Marshmallow)Apple
iPhone 6S: iOS 9 Samsung Galaxy S7: Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow)StorageLG G5:
32GB inbuilt storage expandable via microSD card up to 200GBHTC 10: 32/64GB
inbuilt storage expandable via microSD card up to 200GBApple iPhone 6S:
16/64/128GB inbuilt storageSamsung Galaxy S7: 32/64GB, microSD card up to
200GBRAMLG G5: 4GB RAMHTC 10: 4GB RAMApple iPhone 6S: 2GB RAMSamsung Galaxy S7:
4GB RAMRear cameraLG G5: 16 MP (f/1.8) + 8 MP (f/2.4), laser autofocus, OIS
(3-axis), LED flashHTC 10: 12MP, f/1.8, 26mm, OIS, laser autofocus, dual-LED
(dual tone) flashApple iPhone 6S: 12MP, f/2.2, 29mm, phase detection autofocus,
dual-LED (dual tone) flashSamsung Galaxy S7: 12MP, f/1.7, 26mm, phase detection
autofocus, OIS, LED flashFront cameraLG G5: 8MPHTC 10: 5MPApple iPhone 6S:
5MPSamsung Galaxy S7: 5MPBatteryLG G5: Removable Li-Ion 2800 mAh batteryHTC 10:
Non-removable Li-Ion 3000mAh batteryApple iPhone 6S: Non-removable Li-Po 1715mAh
battery (6.9 Wh)Samsung Galaxy S7: Non-removable Li-Ion 3000mAh
batteryConnectivityLG G5: 2G, 3G, 4G, Wi-Fi, BluetoothHTC 10: 2G, 3G, 4G, Wi-Fi,
BluetoothApple iPhone 6S: 2G, 3G, 4G, Wi-Fi, BluetoothSamsung Galaxy S7: 2G, 3G,
4G, Wi-Fi, BluetoothProcessorLG G5: Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processorHTC 10:
Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processorApple iPhone 6S: A9 processorSamsung Galaxy S7:
Exynos 8890 64-bit octa-core (2.3GHz quad-core + 1.6GHz quad-core)
processorMiscellaneousLG G5: Fringerprint sensor, NFC, Infrared, USB Type-CHTC
10: Fingerprint sensor, NFC, USB Type-C, HTC's BoomsoundApple iPhone 6S: 3D
Touch, Live Photo, Fingerprint sensor, Proactive AssistantSamsung Galaxy S7:
Waterproof, Fast Charging, Liquid cooling technology, Always On display, Dual
pixel cameraPriceLG G5: 52,990HTC 10: 52,990Apple iPhone 6S: 62,000Samsung
Galaxy S7: 48,900


For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                              May 27, 2016 Friday

Comparison: HTC 10 vs iPhone 6S vs Sony Xperia Z5 Premium vs Samsung Galaxy S7

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 506 words


NEW DELHI: Taiwanese smartphone manufacturer HTC has launched its flagship
smartphone HTC 10 in India. Priced at Rs 52,990, the Android Marshmallow-based
smartphone comes with fingerprint sensor and a USB Type-C and will compete with
the likes of Samsung Galaxy S7, Apple iPhone 6S and Sony Xperia Z5 Premium.
Although you'll have to wait for our complete review of the smartphone to know
if it performs as well as these phones, here we have compared the specifications
of HTC 10 smartphone with those of Apple iPhone 6S , Sony Xperia Z5 Premium,
Samsung Galaxy S7 .Read on to know which is the best buy for you: Display HTC 10
: 5.2-inch (1,440x2,560 pixels) resolution QHD super LCD displayiPhone 6S:
4.7-inch (750x1334 pixels) LED-backlit IPS LCD, capacitive touchscreen, 16M
colorsSony Xperia Z5 Premium: 5.5-inch (2160x3840 pixels) IPS LCD capacitive
touchscreen, 16M colorsSamsung Galaxy S7: 5.1-inch (1440 x 2560 pixels) Super
AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Operating systemHTC 10: Android OS,
v6.0.1 (Marshmallow)iPhone 6S: iOS 9Sony Xperia Z5 Premium: Android OS, v5.1.1
(Lollipop), upgradable to v6.0 (Marshmallow)Samsung Galaxy S7: Android OS, v6.0
(Marshmallow) StorageHTC 10: 32/64GB inbuilt storage expandable via microSD card
up to 200GB iPhone 6S : 16/64/128GB inbuilt storage Sony Xperia Z5 Premium:
32GB, microSD card up to 200GBSamsung Galaxy S7: 32/64GB, microSD card up to
200GB RAMHTC 10: 4GB RAMiPhone 6S: 2GB RAMSony Xperia Z5 Premium: 3GB RAMSamsung
Galaxy S7: 4GB RAM Rear cameraHTC 10: 12MP, f/1.8, 26mm, OIS, laser autofocus,
dual-LED (dual tone) flashiPhone 6S: 12MP, f/2.2, 29mm, phase detection
autofocus, dual-LED (dual tone) flash Sony Xperia Z5 Premium : 23MP, f/2.0,
24mm, phase detection autofocus, LED flashSamsung Galaxy S7: 12MP, f/1.7, 26mm,
phase detection autofocus, OIS, LED flash Front cameraHTC 10: 5MPiPhone 6S:
5MPSony Xperia Z5 Premium: 5.1MPSamsung Galaxy S7: 5MP Battery HTC 10 :
Non-removable Li-Ion 3000mAh batteryiPhone 6S: Non-removable Li-Po 1715mAh
battery (6.9 Wh)Sony Xperia Z5 Premium: Non-removable Li-Ion 3430mAh battery
Samsung Galaxy S7: Non-removable Li-Ion 3000mAh battery ConnectivityHTC 10: 2G,
3G, 4G, Wi-Fi, BluetoothiPhone 6S: 2G, 3G, 4G, Wi-Fi, BluetoothSony Xperia Z5
Premium: 2G, 3G, 4G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth Samsung Galaxy S7 : 2G, 3G, 4G, Wi-Fi,
Bluetooth ProcessorHTC 10: Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processoriPhone 6S: A9
processor Sony Xperia Z5 Premium : Octa-core Snapdragon 810 processorSamsung
Galaxy S7: Exynos 8890 64-bit octa-core (2.3GHz quad-core + 1.6GHz quad-core)
processor MiscellaneousHTC 10: Fingerprint sensor, NFC, USB Type-C, HTC's
BoomsoundiPhone 6S: 3D Touch, Live Photo, Fingerprint sensor, Proactive
AssistantSony Xperia Z5 Premium: Waterproof, Dustproof, Sony Quick Charger
(UCH10)Samsung Galaxy S7: Waterproof, Fast Charging, Liquid cooling technology,
Always On display, Dual pixel camera PriceHTC 10: Rs 52,990iPhone 6S: Rs
62,000Sony Xperia Z5 Premium: Rs 62,990 Samsung Galaxy S7 : Rs 48,900


For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             100 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                      February 29, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge Will be Released on March 10, company accepting
preorders

BYLINE: Herb Ryder

LENGTH: 263  words


Sale of Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge will start from March 11 around the world.
However, some T-Mobile customers who preordered the smartphones will get one by
February 29. With its new devices, Samsung is offering features that went
missing in its earlier models, Galaxy S6 and S6 edge.

The new version has glass and metal body, besides a microSD expansion slot,
removable battery and waterproof case. If a buyer preorders the mobiles on
T-Mobile, he will get the new gadgets even before the release date. Many of the
buyers have already received their notification that their mobile will be
delivered to them by February 29. It is not common for companies to provide
their consumers with devices well before release, but doing so 10 days before
the formal launch, might sound unusual.

Earlier this week, Samsung revealed that all those who preordered Galaxy S7 or
Galaxy S7 Edge will be given a free Gear VR headset along with a 6-game bundle,
which is $150 in value. It is not clear whether the offer is available for
buyers outside the United States. The cheapest way to buy the device is by
following contracts. One of the contracts is a 30-month contract for $23.17,
while other is a $26.50 per month from AT&T.;

It is said that Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge have 5.1 displays. The latter is
also similar to Galaxy S6 Edge in design, but is comparatively larger. It also
has curved screen OLED display. The screen for Galaxy S7 is 5.5 inch while the
same for Galaxy S7 Edge is larger, more than 5.5 inches. Both devices have same
2560x1440 resolutions with 535 pixels per inch.

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             101 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            October 21, 2016 Friday

Samsung India to push S7, S7 Edge to beat Note 7 ghost

SECTION: KOLKATA

LENGTH: 742 words


Kolkata: Post-Galaxy Note 7 ban scenario, Samsung India Electronics has taken up
an immediately strategy to switch its premium-end customers' focus to two other
top-end models: S7 and S7 Edge. Facing a mammoth task to wipe out the memory of
ill-fated Note 7 fiasco, the South Korea-based consumer electronics giant is
banking on the sales momentum of S7 and S7 Edge in India. The would-be buyers of
Galaxy Note 7, production of which has been stopped after the handset was found
to be prone to overheating and catching fire, will get a 'sales and offer' push
encircling S7 and S7 Edge now.

On the sidelines of its pan-India launch of the new version of My Galaxy app in
Kolkata, Manu Sharma, vice president (mobiles business), Samsung India
Electronics, told TOI: "We will be focusing on switching Note 7 (worth Rs
59,990/-) aspirants to become a proud buyer of S7 and S7Edge models (ranging
between Rs 37,000 to Rs 50,000). We'll do everything possible to project S7 and
S7Edge on retail front with good plans."

From being touted as the 'the greatest phone on the planet', Galaxy Note 7's has
seen a big fall in sales taking a huge toll on the handset giant's sales of
high-end models and brand image. In the wake of competition from Apple iPhone 7
and soon-to-be-launched Google Pixel, it would be interesting to see how Samsung
can combat these two giant product offerings with S7 and S7 Edge sales push.

Elaborating on the 'come-back' strategy, Sharma said, "We are totally aware of
the situation. We are trying to build up more interest on S7 and S7Edge now.
These two models have seen a great momentum this year."

The Samsung retailers and experience stores will put thrust on these two models
to rein in the sagging demand in the premium segment sales, added a top Samsung
official. Although, according to Sharma, Samsung still remains the undisputed
leader in the handset sales in India with 48.6% market share in value terms in
the smarphone segment (quoting the latest GfK report for August 2016). It was
around 40% in the last year.

Samsung India has earlier announced that it will give out Samsung Galaxy S7 or
S7 edge smartphones to those customers who had pre-booked the Galaxy Note 7.
Samsung had opened pre-bookings for the Galaxy Note7 in India in August-end, and
the phone was slated to go on sale from September. Currently, Samsung has been
offering replacements/credits to customers in the US, South Korea, etc.

It seems customers who had pre-booked and paid full amount of Rs 59,990 for the
Note 7, will now get S7 or S7 edge along with new Gear VR, the Level U - Stereo
Wireless Headset free. Full refund will be given to those who don't want the
S7/S7 edge.

However, on Thursday, Samsung India wanted everyone's focus to be on their newly
unveiled all-in-one, single-window, utility services-cum-entertainment app, My
Galaxy.

"We want innovation to take our brand ahead. And the new My Galaxy application
has such potential with an intuitive one page design for ease of use. The
application amplifies entertainment with videos, music and gaming. It also gives
quick access to services such as cabs, movies, recharge and bill payment, food
ordering, travel, hyper local deals and Samsung Care, among others," he added.

Samsung India to launch only 4G smartphones: Samsung India Electronics will only
4G/VoLTE enabled smartphones in India as the market has shifted totally towards
this end and make all future launches, including entry-level smart phones, with
4G facility. It expects to gain a bigger market share on the back of the new
launches, a top company official said on Thursday.

"There is huge conversion happening from feature phones to smart phones at the
entry level. Nearly 80 per cent of the smartphone users have shifted to
4G-enabled handsets. We will launch all our future smartphones in this category
across all segments. This migration will continue. We will sell 4G devices. But
at the same time, there will be certain set of feature phones users because of
price points," said the company's vice president (Mobiles Business) Manu Sharma.

He said the mobile maker has experienced growth in sales this year but declined
to give details of sales figures. The company would be investing Rs 2,000 crore
at its Noida plant for increasing smartphone manufacturing capacity and other
products.

"Samsung in India has a portfolio of 25 different smartphones most of which are
4G-enabled," he said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             102 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Saudi Gazette

                              March 7, 2016 Monday

Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 edge available for pre-order in KSA

LENGTH: 366  words


SAMSUNG Electronics in Saudi Arabia has responded based on popular demand and is
pleased to announce that the Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge, the most
innovative devices that were unveiled last Feb. 21 in Barcelona will be
available for pre-booking orders in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia through various
Samsung partners.

Starting from Monday (March 7), the long awaited smartphones can be pre-ordered
by visiting Samsung respected partners across Saudi Arabia or by easily visiting
Samsung's website www.samsung.com for full details and online booking depending
on the selected outlet by the consumer.

Consumers who will complete their purchases through the pre-booking process will
receive a free Samsung Gear VR and a 64GB SD Card, to enjoy their newly
purchased S7 or S7 edge even further through Samsung's innovative ecosystem.

KeeWon Park, general manager of Samsung Electronics Saudi Arabia, said: "Due to
the popular demand and much anticipation among Saudi consumers on the innovation
of our Galaxy S7 series, we are delighted to bring pre-order offering to our
thrilled community to allow them to become one of the first in the kingdom to
own these extraordinary devices."

"We aim to shorten the time needed for our valued customers to attain the new
devices. We are always keen on bringing Samsung's latest innovations to the
Saudi market in a timely manner. The Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge will be in the
hands of their future owners throughout the month of March," Park noted.

The Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge are both known for their next level imaging,
next level performance and next level protection. These two phones introduce the
first Dual Pixel camera on a smartphone, delivering brighter and sharper images,
even in low light. They have significant hardware and software updates to
optimize overall performance, including incredible gaming capabilities. The
powerful processer and bigger battery capacity ensure longer playing time, the
internal cooling system keeps the device from overheating and the IP68
certification insures that they are significantly resistant towards water and
dust.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/511/1526/15/145735370171.jpg

Galaxy S7 edge and gold Gear

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1526


                       Copyright 2016 The Saudi Gazette.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             103 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   Arab News

                            June 29, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung lists 7 reasons why new smart device is loved

LENGTH: 289 words


SAMSUNG


Samsung says that its recently launched Galaxy S7 and S7 edge is inspired by the
people who have a passion for meaningful progress.
Samsung designed a phone that empowers users to break boundaries and do what
they love better, faster and easier.


When considering smart phone technology in the market today, Samsung lists seven
reasons why Galaxy S7 and S7 edge stand out from other devices in the Middle
East region.
The seven clear distinctive reasons are as follows.
You'll own the night: The technology behind the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge ensures
superlative image quality, even in low-light conditions.
Return of the expandable storage: Nowadays mobile devices are expected to
accommodate, not only higher resolution video and images, but also an increased
number of files ranging from work to play, substantially increasing storage
demands.
Take mobile gaming to new heights: The Galaxy S7 and S7 edge battery is now
bigger so you can play for hours and hours longer.
Make a splash: If you live by the beach, or you like to spend your days by the
pool, the Galaxy S7 or S7 edge will be water-resistant in up to 1.5 meters of
water for up to 30 minutes.
You'll have the ultimate travel companion: The Galaxy S7 and S7 edge is your
ultimate travel companion. Play in the mud, spill on it, splash it, dunk it --
then wipe it off and keep going.
Functionality and craftsmanship come together: Using 3D forming glass
technology, Samsung has combined the curved glass and metal to create a seamless
singular smooth yet natural shape.
A seamless experience: The one-handed operation feature reduces the home screen
size and moves the keyboards, making it easier to use the device with one hand.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/7/9/70/146715128551.jpg



LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 9


           Copyright 2016 Arab News - Saudi Research & Publishing Co.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             104 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                       May 28, 2016 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Samsung releases Galaxy S7 edge Injustice Edition to commemorate third
anniversary of 'Injustice: Gods Among Us', Batman mobile game

BYLINE: John DiPietro

LENGTH: 737  words


Samsung has introduced a new Galaxy S7 edge smartphone. Specialty of this phone
is that it is the Batman edition. It is a normal Galaxy S7 edge, but has been
styled to match Batman. It has a Batman logo on the back and Batman lock screen
theme, a huge delight for Batman fans.

This new phone has been released to honor the third anniversary of the release
of Injustice: Gods Among Us, a Batman mobile game. The phone will be available
for purchase in early June in markets including China, Singapore, Korea, Latin
America and others.

Other exciting news is that the handset will ship a free Gear VR headsets, as
well as Injustice game credits and Oculus content vouchers. Samsung has
announced the new Galaxy S7 edge Injustice Edition in collaboration with Warner
Bros; Interactive Entertainment and DC Entertainment.

The Galaxy S7 edge Injustice Edition is equipped with a sleek deep black Galaxy
S7 edge having gold detailing and an iconic seal on the back being inspired by
Batman. The Injustice: Gods Among Us game is available for free download on
Google Play.

The Samsung Galaxy S7 edge boasts of enhanced hardware and software capability,
bigger battery capacity, long play time and is optimized with best gaming
experience. Younghee Lee, Executive Vice President of Global Marketing, IT &
Mobile Division at Samsung Electronics, was of the view, "We are excited to
partner with Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment and offer a special edition
of Galaxy S7 edge for fans of Injustice: Gods Among Us".

Lee further affirmed that Samsung continues to provide best mobile gaming
experience for its users and the latest partnership is a perfect example of the
same.

"Samsung Galaxy Note 6 rumors are starting to surface more and more detailing a
list of top-tier specs and upgrades across the board. And while a Galaxy Note 6
release is likely still a bit away, we have a good idea of when it's coming.
With that in mind, here we want to share a few things users need to know, right
now, about the Galaxy Note 6 or Galaxy Note 7. The Galaxy Note 5 was one of
Samsung's best smartphones in 2015. With plenty to offer, a great design, and
lots of features. However, the new Galaxy S7 lineup is even better, and returned
many missing features users want in a phone. Many of which will likely accompany
the new Galaxy Note 6 later this year," according to a news report published by
Gottabe Mobile.

The same approach Samsung took to the Galaxy S7 design will probably roll over
to the Galaxy Note 6. There could be subtle changes to how it looks, a different
S-Pen stylus like earlier reports, or other things, but overall the Note 6
should be very similar to the Note 5. That being an all aluminum and glass
design, although we're hoping it's only aluminum on the back for added
durability. Not the glass back that's more fragile like the Galaxy S7. A thinner
design with less of a camera bulge, and more.

According to a story published on the topic by The Verge, "It's becoming more
and more clear that virtual reality is going to the be the driver to push the
spec race in smartphones to the next level. This week, Samsung demonstrated a
new smartphone display designed specifically for VR and likely headed to a
future Samsung smartphone. According to a report from UploadVR, the 5.5-inch
panel packs 3840 x 2160 pixel resolution, making it a 4K class screen. It has a
staggering 806PPI, 350 nit brightness level, and can reproduce 97 percent of the
color gamut."

Samsung is far from the first display maker to pack 4K resolution into a
phone-sized screen - Sony released the Z5 Premium last year with such a panel -
but it is the maker of some of the most popular phones on the planet and often
leads the way in display quality. UploadVR notes that the company was also
demonstrating a new display tech called "Bio Blue" that supposedly emits less
blue light than Samsung's own AMOLED screens.

A report published in CNET News revealed, "Samsung hopes the Caped Crusader
would pick the Galaxy S7 Edge, so much so that it has created an Injustice
Edition of the flagship handset. The limited-edition phone comes in black with
gold accents, including the familiar Batman seal on the back. "

Created in collaboration with Warner Bros., the handset commemorates the third
anniversary of the mobile video game Injustice: Gods Among Us. The package also
offers a Gear VR and credit for Injustice gameplay and Oculus VR content
vouchers.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             105 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             April 29, 2016 Friday

CNET reviews: Best camera phones of 2016;
PRODUCT REVIEWS

BYLINE: By CNET.com

SECTION: ; Pg. SA4

LENGTH: 613 words


The gorgeous Galaxy S7 Edge makes the best Android phone that much better.

The fast, powerful, beautiful Galaxy S7 phone is 2016's all-around phone to
beat.

The iPhone 6S Plus has a few key advantages that give it an edge for serious
iPhone users, but its big body still may not fit for a lot of people.

The iPhone 6S offers improved speed everywhere, better front and rear cameras
and a bold new 3D Touch pressure-sensitive display.

Smartphone cameras are becoming evermore skilled and sophisticated - and they
keep getting better. Here are the four best we've seen in recent months.

Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge

Product Review: http://www.cnet.com/products/samsung-galaxy-s7
-edge/#ftag=-CAD187281f

CNET rating: 5 stars out of 5 (Spectacular)

The good: The Galaxy S7 Edge has a gorgeous larger curved screen, has a great
camera and larger battery than the otherwise identical standard S7. It really is
something special. The extra navigation tools can be useful when used
judiciously.

The bad: When you pile on these extra navigation tools, they slow you down
rather than speed you up. It's pricier than other good phones.

The cost: $779.99 to $898.19

The bottom line: The gorgeous Galaxy S7 Edge makes the best Android phone that
much better.

Samsung Galaxy S7

Product Review: http://www.cnet.com/products/samsung-galaxy-s7/#ftag=-CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4.5 stars out of 5 (Outstanding)

The good: Polished design. Awesome camera. Long battery life. microSD storage
slot and water-resistant (again!).

The bad: Annoyingly reflective. Smudge magnet. Plastic-looking selfies even with
no filter. No removable battery, which isn't surprising, but is still a
compromise compared to 2014's S5.

The cost: $669.99 to $759.57

The bottom line: The fast, powerful, beautiful Galaxy S7 phone is 2016's
all-around phone to beat.

Apple iPhone 6S Plus

Product Review:
http://www.cnet.com/products/apple-iphone-6s-plus/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4.5 stars out of 5 (Outstanding)

The good: Improved speed, better cameras, always-on Siri, and pressure-sensitive
3D Touch display compared to last year's 6 Plus.

And it has slightly better battery life, a bigger higher resolution screen, and
optical image stabilization for photos and video that can make a difference.

The bad: It's really big. It costs more than the smaller iPhone. Other
phablet-sized phones offer longer battery life.

The cost: $789.00 to $1159.99

The bottom line: The iPhone 6S Plus has a few key advantages that give it an
edge for serious iPhone users, but its big body still may not fit for a lot of
people.

Apple iPhone 6S

Product Review: http://www.cnet.com/products/apple-iphone-6s/#ftag=-CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4.5 stars out of 5 (Outstanding)

The good: Improved speed everywhere (new processor, faster wireless, quicker
Touch ID sensor); a sturdier body; better front and rear cameras; a bold new 3D
Touch pressure-sensitive display that could end up being a really useful tool in
apps down the road, and which already offers new iOS shortcuts.

The bad: Same battery life as the iPhone 6. The 6S Plus model remains the only
way to get optical image stabilization for photos and video, plus better battery
life. You'll need to pay extra to vault past the too-small storage of the
entry-level 16GB version.

The cost: $449.99 (refurbished) to $889.99

The bottom line: The newest iPhones are top-to-bottom better phones with lots of
enhancements; iPhone 6 owners don't need the upgrade, but everyone else should
seriously consider it.

The following CNET staff contributed to this story: Senior EditorJessica
Dolcourt, Senior Editor Scott Stein and Senior Editor Laura K. Cucullu. For more
reviews of personal technology products, please visit www.cnet.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             106 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            April 14, 2016 Thursday

Comparison: HTC 10 vs Samsung Galaxy S7 vs LG G5 (Specifications Showdown)

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 226 words


NEW DELHI: HTC launched its flagship smartphone for 2016 dubbed as. The
Taiwanese manufacturer dropped its usual One or M branding for this one. Going
by the specifications, the handset packs in all the essential features of a
flagship device.

We compared it to the other flagships -and-- launched this year. DisplayHTC 10:
5.2-inch QHD displaySamsung Galaxy S7: 5.1-inch AMOLED displayLG G5: 5.3-inch
QHD displayProcessorHTC10: 1.8Ghz 64-bit octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon
processorSamsung Galaxy S7: 64-bit octa-core Exynos processor LG G5: quad-core
Qualcomm Snapdragon processorOperating SystemHTC10: Android 6.0 Marshmallow
Samsung Galaxy S7: Android 6.0 MarshmallowLG G5: Android 6.0
MarshmallowRAMHTC10: 4GBSamsung Galaxy S7: 4GBLG G5: 4GBStorageHTC10:
32GB/64GBSamsung Galaxy S7: 32GB/64GBLG G5: 32GBCameraHTC10: 12MP UltraPixel
rear camera with LED flash, 5MP front cameraSamsung Galaxy S7: 12MP rear camera
with LED flash, 5MP front cameraLG G5: 16MP rear camera with LED flash, 8MP
front cameraConnectivityHTC 10: 4G, Wi-Fi, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA,
hotspot, Bluetooth, GPS, NFCSamsung Galaxy S7: 4G, Wi-Fi, dual-band, Wi-Fi
Direct, hotspot, Bluetooth, GPS, NFCLG G5: 4G, Wi-Fi, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct,
hotspot, Bluetooth, GPS, NFC, InfraredBatteryHTC10: 3,000 mAhSamsung Galaxy S7:
3,000 mAhLG G5: 2,800 mAh

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             107 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                    February 24, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Samsung's Galaxy S7 handsets are refined versions of Galaxy S6

BYLINE: Pauline Beart

LENGTH: 225  words


South Korean device maker Samsung unveiled its next-generation Galaxy flagship
handsets -- Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge -- at the Mobile World Congress (MWC)
2016 in Barcelona, Spain, this past weekend.

The new Galaxy handsets are quite similar in external design to the
current-generation Galaxy S6 handsets, but boast a number of subtle
enhancements.

Just like the Galaxy S6 handsets, the new Galaxy S7 models have an attractively
sculptured aircraft-grade aluminum frame which encases the glass on both sides.
The physical dimensions of the Galaxy S7 devices are also quite similar to those
of Galaxy S6 handsets, though the new handsets are comparatively thicker in size
and 14 grams heavier in weight.

Some of the refinements which Samsung has made to the new Galaxy 7 handsets,
vis-a-vis the Galaxy S6, include a slightly downward curve of the top-side of
the display for greater convenience on the ear; a bigger non-removable battery;
a more premium feel in hand; and new processors -- Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 or
Exynos 8890 -- together with an additional gigabyte of RAM.

Furthermore, in the new Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge handsets, Samsung has also
corrected some mistakes which it had made with Galaxy S6 devices. The company
has brought back the memory expansion card on the new Galaxy models; and has
also included IP68 water and dust proofing.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             108 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                     February 22, 2016 Monday 12:16 PM EST

Un-Apple: The Samsung Galaxy S7 announcement in one word

BYLINE: Steven Max Patterson

SECTION: NEWSANALYSIS

LENGTH: 987  words


Click for image

Parodying Tim Cook's virally shared quote:

"Our whole role in life is to give you something you didn't know you wanted. And
then once you get it, you can't imagine your life without it."

Samsung mobile chief D.J. Koh launched the Galaxy S7 announcement yesterday at
the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona saying: "We will never assume we know
everything or presume to tell our customers what they should want. I believe we
have something better than all knowing."

Samsung's flagship Galaxy smartphone sales cycle restarted yesterday with the
announcement of the Galaxy S7 at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona. Last
year's Galaxy S6 becomes Samsung's mid-priced phone and the one from two years
ago becomes an entry-level phone sold in developing markets and with a prepaid
plan. Big premium sales revenue must be kick started with this announcement to
carry Samsung through Apple's iPhone 7 announcement in September until it
returns to Barcelona to announce the Galaxy S8 at Mobile World Congress 2017,
starting the cycle all over again.

+ MORE FROM MWC: See all the news from the mobile conference +

This year Samsung has more than competition from Apple to overcome. All things
being equal, without something new the Galaxy S6 could be the S7's greatest
competition. Smartphones are so fast consumers will be hard pressed to perceive
a difference in the performance of the Galaxy S6 compared to the Galaxy S7's 30%
faster processor and 60% faster GPU. The conundrum is just like the older iPhone
6 and iPhone 6s introduced last September. A time and motion study proved that
although the iPhone 6s has superior hardware performance, consumers' perception
of increased performance is limited to just a few apps.

Like the iPhone 6 and 6s models the Galaxy S6 and S7 look and feel are very
similar. The Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge have very similar glass and metal
construction and come in very similar colors as the Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge. The
S7 devices have slightly thicker housings to accommodate larger batteries. Both
phone families have the same high quality screen specifications. To give
consumers a reason to buy the S7, Samsung added features, fixed some
short-comings and brought virtual reality into the consumer foreground. All
which set it apart from not just the S6 but Apple too.

An even better camera: The camera specifications announced are an improvement
over the S6 camera that is the gold standard for mobile photography. It has a
larger aperture at f/1.7 that focuses more light on the camera sensor. The 12
megapixel sensor also has larger 1.4 µmpixels that absorb more light. Compared
to the S6 with a f/1.7 apperature and 1.12 µm pixel size, the S7 can potentially
capture about 50% more light to apply its industry leading image processing
algorithms to convert into photos. Samsung added phase-detection focus, a
feature found only in top-end DSLRs like the Cannon EOS.

Phase-detection focus uses dual pixel technology to sharpen and bring the shot
into focus more quickly. If the camera works as advertised, the S7 will
automatically take better photos in all conditions but especially in lower light
conditions outperforming the Galaxy S6 and iPhone 6s by a wide margin.

Always-on display: In its dual role as AMOLED display manufacturer and a
smartphone maker Samsung engineered the always-on display. The S7 continuously
displays a clock, notifications and calendar on the screen with a
power-efficient monochromatic illumination alleviating consumers from unlocking
their smartphones.

Waterproof: The S7 is waterproof. It adheres to the IP68 standard that means
that the S7 will continue to work after 30 minutes in a meter and a half of
water.

New cooling system: A liquid cooling system has been added. The S6 experienced
some overheating when used in the Galaxy Gear VR virtual reality headset for
extended periods of intense gaming. Engineering better cooling is an important
addition for increased gaming and virtual reality apps.

Battery: size has increased substantially. If there was a criticism of the S6 it
was battery performance. Samsung has increased the S7 battery to 3000 mAh
compared to the S6's 2550 mAh battery. The S7 Edge has a beefy 3600 mAh battery
compared to the S6 Edge's 2600 mAh battery. Battery life is an enabler for
extended virtual reality use.

MicroSD: Samsung disappointed many customers when it removed the MicroSD from
the S6. The S7 supports expansion up to 128GB.

Virtual reality: Photos and videos drove the growth of the consumer mobile
ecosystem. VR is anticipated to be the next big development in social media and
sharing. Samsung began quietly shipping its Gear VR headset last September. The
headset is powered by a Samsung smartphone inserted into the headset. The S7
with extended battery life and improved cooling looks like it was designed for
the Gear VY. Compared to the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive that costs thousands of
dollars, the Gear VR headset costs just $99. Though not as powerful as the
high-end Rift and Vive gives consumers early experience to 360 degree videos and
VR games at an affordable price.

The Gear VR is the product of a partnership with Facebook's Oculus group. Oculus
software delivers head tracking, fast graphic rendering, 360 degree sound and
about 200 apps from the Oculus store. For a limited time Samsung will bundle a
headset with Galaxy S7s for free. The bundle will help Facebook to reach
millions of users letting them share virtual experiences and games on Facebook
that would otherwise have taken years to reach with its expensive Oculus Rift.
The bundle will also prime Samsung's VR sales.

+ MORE FROM MWC: HTC ushering in the era of high-end virtual reality +

Virtual reality is Samsung's lead to position itself as the un-Apple. VR, a
significantly improved camera, waterproof, a big battery and MicroSD storage all
help sell the S7 and tell a different story compared to Apple and set it apart
from the S6.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             109 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             August 26, 2016 Friday

4 phones tops in splash-resistant tech;
Water resistant phones mean one less thing to worry about.;
PRODUCT REVIEWS

BYLINE: By CNET.com

SECTION: ; Pg. SA3

LENGTH: 549 words


The fast, powerful, beautiful Galaxy S7 phone from Samsung is 2016's all-around
phone to beat, with a great camera and long battery life.

AT&amp;T customers looking for a durable and high-end smartphone can't go wrong
with the Samsung Galaxy S7 Active.

The Sony Xperia X Performance runs rings around the basic Xperia X and is a
great phone for anyone who likes their handsets with a bit of grunt.

With its big, bold screen, water-resistant design and rock-bottom price,
Motorola's Moto G4 is a dazzling deal; junk-free software is a plus.

Water resistance may not be at the top of your list when picking a
newphone,butwiththesedevices, it's one less thing to worry about. Here are four
splash-sustaining phones that have impressed us.

Samsung Galaxy S7

Product Review: http://www.cnet.com/products/samsung-galaxy-s7/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4.5 stars out of 5 (Outstanding)

The good: Polished design. Awesome camera. Long battery life. MicroSD storage
slot and water-resistant (again!).

The bad: Annoyingly reflective. Smudge magnet. Plastic-looking selfies even with
no filter. No removable battery, which isn't surprising, but is still a
compromise compared to 2014's S5.

The cost: $599.00 to $679.99

The bottom line: The fast, powerful, beautiful Galaxy S7 phone is 2016's
all-around phone to beat.

Samsung Galaxy S7 Active

Product Review: http://www.cnet.com/products/samsung-galaxy-s7
-active/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4.5 stars out of 5 (Outstanding)

The good: The Galaxy S7 Active has extra long battery life and is resistant to
dust, water and drops. It has the same speedy performance, expandable storage
and excellent camera quality as the original S7.

The bad: The bulky, plastic design feels cheap compared to the glass-and-metal
S7 and the phone is expensive.

The cost: $794.99

The bottom line: AT&T customers looking for a durable and high-end smartphone
can't go wrong with the Galaxy S7 Active.

Motorola Moto G4

Product Review: http://www.cnet.com/products/motorola-moto-g4/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The Moto G4's big, bold screen and junk-free software make it a
pleasure to use throughout the day. Its ability to survive a dunking will appeal
to the clumsy among us.

The bad: Processor performance is great for everyday tasks, but gamers will want
to shop elsewhere.

The cost: $149.99

The bottom line: With its big, bold screen, water-resistant design and
rock-bottom price, the Moto G4 is a dazzling deal.

Sony Xperia X

Performance

Product Review:
http://www.cnet.com/products/sony-xperia-x-performance/#ftag=-CAD187281f

CNET rating: 3.5 stars out of 5 (Very good)

The good: Absolutely brimming with power, the Sony Xperia X Performance is well
designed and the only new Xperia to be waterproof.

The bad: Battery life needs a big boost for this phone to live up to its
potential.

The cost: $649.00

The bottom line: The Xperia X Performance runs rings around the basic Xperia X
and is a great phone for anyone who likes their handsets with a bit of grunt.

The following CNET staff

contributed to this story: Section EditorJessica Dolcourt,Associate Editor Dan
Graziano, Senior Editor Nic Healey, Senior EditorAndrew

Hoyle, SeniorAssociate Editor

Lynn La and Senior Editor Laura

K. Cucullu. For more reviews of

personal technology products,

please visit www.cnet.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             110 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                             March 8, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung unveils Galaxy S7 at Rs. 48,900

LENGTH: 255  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, March 8 -- Korean electronics giant Samsung on Tuesday said its
flagship Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge smartphones will be up for sale in India
later this month, priced at Rs. 48,900 onwards.


 The launch in India, which comes within two weeks of the global unveiling, will
help the company bolster sales to buck the slowdown in the global smartphone
industry growth.
 "Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge (priced at Rs. 56,900) bring refined design language,
advanced imaging capabilities, streamlined software functionality and
unparalleled connectivity with a host of services and experiences," Manu Sharma,
of Samsung India, said.
 As part of customisation for Indian users, the company has built in 'Samsung
Concierge' that delivers personalised experience for users.
 "Samsung Concierge is an expansion of the My Galaxy platform. The consumer
engagement platform has been customised to offer services like My Assistant,
Phone pick up and drop, Fast Track and Live Chat for customer care," he said.
 The Galaxy S7 features a 5.1-inch display and a 3,000 mAh battery, while the S7
Edge has a 5.5-inch display and a 3,600 mAh battery.
 With Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge, Samsung has introduced the first dual-pixel
camera on a smartphone.
 The 4GB RAM devices are constructed with 3D glass and metal and are water and
dust resistant. The hybrid SIM card tray allows users to insert a microSD card
for up to 200GB of additional storage and in some select countries; the tray can
be used with dual SIM cards. Both have 32GB internal memory.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             111 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                    September 24, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Samsung Galaxy S7 will reportedly come in 'flat' and 'curved' displays

BYLINE: Paul Gardner

LENGTH: 251  words


In a Wednesday report, tech blog SamMobile has revealed that Samsung's
forthcoming new flagship smartphone, Galaxy S7, will be available in two models
-- one with a 'flat' display, and the other featuring a 'curved' display -- just
like the company's other recent flagship handsets.

Similar to the recent Samsung flagship handsets, the curved-display model of the
new Galaxy S7 smartphone will likely be called the Galaxy S7 Edge.

According to recent rumors, the Galaxy S7 handset is expected to be unveiled by
Samsung in February 2016. The countries in which the Galaxy S7 will likely be
available upon launch will include major markets like the US, Canada, China,
Europe and Korea.

The carriers which will offer the Samsung Galaxy S7 handsets in these countries
will reportedly include AT&T, Verizon, Sprint, T-Mobile, US Cellular, and
MetroPCS in the US; Bell Mobility in Canada; and KT, LG Uplus, SKTelecom and
Cricket in Korea.

The Samsung Galaxy S7 smartphone will be available in 5.2-inch and 5.8-inch
screen sizes; with the Exynos 8890 chip powering some models and the Qualcomm
Snapdragon 820 processor powering the others. The handset will come with 3GB or
4GB of RAM, and a 20-megapixel ISOCELL camera.

Technology (http://uncovermichigan.com/business/technology)Business
(http://uncovermichigan.com/business)Samsung
(http://uncovermichigan.com/company/samsung)South Korea
(http://uncovermichigan.com/region/south-korea)

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             112 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Himalayan Times

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge and S7 in Nepal

BYLINE: Himalayan news service

LENGTH: 525  words


Kathmandu, March 9: Samsung Electronics Nepal has launched the much-awaited
smartphones from Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge amidst a function here today.

With S7 and S7 Edge, Samsung has introduced the first dual pixel camera on
smartphones. Both the high-end handsets feature sleek design with powerful
performance, including advanced camera features, water resistance and external
memory.

"We believe in a world that is brighter, sharper, more convenient, and more fun.
We strive to deliver on that vision with the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge by marrying
elegant design with functionality and providing a seamless mobile experience,"
said Pranaya Ratna Sthapit, head of HHP division at Samsung Electronics Nepal.
"We empower consumers with technology to help them get more out of life and will
continue to push the frontier of what's possible."

The handsets are built with 3D glass and metal - all in a sleek design with
durability and ergonomic curves for a comfortable grip. Likewise, both the
phones have increased utility with IP68 water and dust resistance. The phones
have 4GB RAM and 32GB or 64GB ROM, which can be expanded up to 200GB via microSD
card. The smartphones are equipped with 12MP primary camera and 5MP secondary
camera.

Powered by Octa core (2.3GHz Quad plus 1.6GHz Quad), 64bit, and Quad Core
(2.15GHz Dual plus 1.6GHz Dual), 64 bit, 14 nm processors, the phones run on
Android 6.0 (Marshmallow).

The Galaxy S7 features 5.1-inch Quad HD Super AMOLED display and has a powerful
Li-Ion 3,000 mAh non-removable battery. The smartphone is priced at Rs 77,900.

The S7 Edge features 5.5-inch Quad HD Super AMOLED display with edge screen and
boasts a powerful Li-Ion 3,600 mAh non-removable battery. The handset will be
available at Rs 88,900.

Samsung Electronics Nepal also announced special pre-booking offers on S7 and S7
Edge from March 10. Under the offer, every pre-booking will get a genuine
leather bag worth Rs 20,000 or Samsung Gear VR worth Rs 13,900 for free.

Besides this, the company is also offering 'Limited Edition Pack', in which
Galaxy S7 Edge, Gear S2 Classic and Level U are available at an exclusive price
of Rs 122,000. Likewise, Galaxy S7, Gear S2 Classic and Level U are available at
an exclusive price of Rs 108,000.

The handsets will be available in the local market from mid-March.

Phone upgrade scheme in SKorea

SEOUL: Tech giant Samsung Electronics on Wednesday said it will launch a phone
upgrade programme in South Korea this week that will allow subscribers to switch
to a new premium handset every 12 months. Customers seeking to buy one of two
Galaxy S7 models that go on sale starting Friday could sign up for the programme
on a 24-month instalment plan offered through Samsung Card Co Ltd, Samsung
Electronics said in a statement. Subscribers would pay a monthly fee of 7,700
won ($6.35) in addition to the cost of the device. They can upgrade to a new
Galaxy S or Galaxy Note smartphone after 12 months under the plan in exchange
for the original device they purchased. Samsung has launched an upgrade
programme in the United Kingdom but did not immediately comment on whether any
would be offered in other markets.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Himalayan Times, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             113 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            February 8, 2016 Monday

Samsung Galaxy S7 to give 48 hours of battery life

LENGTH: 209  words


By tbreak Staff -

The Samsung Galaxy S7 is easily one of the phones everyone is looking forward to
at MWC. While we are waiting, lets discuss a brand new rumor. Recent rumors
suggest that the Samsung Galaxy S7 will be able to juice out up to 48 hours of
battery life.

According to Russian tech blogger Eldar Murtazin, the Galaxy S7 will be capable
of not only 48 hours of battery life, but will be able to play 17 hours of video
playback at full brightness. The Galaxy S7 is believed to come with a 3000 mAh
battery unit, while its predecessor Galaxy S6 comes with a 2500 mAh cell.
However, although it may not seem much, the Galaxy S6 was able to provide up to
7 hours of battery life in a custom test, while the 3900 mAh Motorola Droid
Turbo was able to clock in close to 11 hours.

The Samsung Galaxy S7 will also come running Android 6.0 Marshmallow out of the
box. This will give the device a guaranteed enhanced battery life, courtesy of
Doze. The Doze feature will put the handset to sleep by cutting down the apps
running at the background when not in use.

As for the release date, the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge will be introduced on
Feb. 21 at the Samsung Unpacked event, a day befor the MWC 2016.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/89/145501439707.jpg



LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             114 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                            March 24, 2016 Thursday

Dubai trip demonstrates features of Samsung Galaxy S7

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 443 words


JIRAPAN BOONNOON

THE NATION

HAVE you ever had your smartphone fall into the water? If you have, you know
what a nightmare that can be.

Last week, I was invited by Thai Samsung Electronics to try out the new Samsung
Galaxy S7 smartphone in Dubai, and test its resistance to water and dust. From
my experience, the Galaxy S7 can perfectly support the daily lifestyles of
people aged from 14 to 35.

The new Samsung Galaxy S7 also comes with a refined design, a camera that works
even in low-light settings, and IP68 water and dust resistance. That IP (ingress
protection) rating means the phone is "dust tight" and protected against
complete, continuous submersion in water.

The Galaxy S7 also features a hybrid tray that can take in either dual SIM cards
or a micro SD card for additional storage.

Both the 5.1-inch and 5.5-inch versions are constructed with 3D glass and metal
â[#x20ac]" all in a sleek design with durability and ergonomic curves for a
comfortable grip.

During the trip to Dubai, I enjoyed taking stunning shots at night in the Lahbab
Desert and also at the world-class Aquaventure Water Park. I think the S7 is
ready to make consumers "rethink what a phone can do".

Sasitorn Khoopatanakul, corporate marketing director at Thai Samsung
Electronics, said Samsung chose Dubai as the destination for testing the
efficiency of its latest smartphone because the city is as marvellous as the
Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge.

Dubai has wonderfully transformed itself from a desert town into a vibrant trade
and real-estate hub. Winning the global spotlight, it is fascinating that people
from around the globe wish to explore it â[#x20ac]" which Samsung hopes is also
true for the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge.

Samsung prepared three days of challenging missions for participants in this
exclusive trip.

On the first day, they were challenged to take stunning night shots from the
world's tallest building, Burj Khalifa. On the second day, participants headed
out to the Lahbab Desert for an exciting ride across sand dunes, and witnessed a
breathtaking sunset. On the last day, they jumped into the water at the
Aquaventure park to take photos with the water-resistant smartphone.

Thai consumers love to post photos on social media. Thai netizens post 16.5
million new photos on Facebook every day, and the number is 477,000 for
Instagram.

Around 90 per cent of photos taken are captured indoors. Half of indoor photos
are taken in low-light settings and a flash is used. However, a flash may lower
the overall quality of a photo, so many mobile-phone companies have been working
on smartphone cameras with a larger aperture to improve the image quality in
low-light conditions.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             115 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                            March 24, 2016 Thursday

Dubai trip demonstrates features of Samsung Galaxy S7

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 443 words


JIRAPAN BOONNOON

THE NATION

HAVE you ever had your smartphone fall into the water? If you have, you know
what a nightmare that can be.

Last week, I was invited by Thai Samsung Electronics to try out the new Samsung
Galaxy S7 smartphone in Dubai, and test its resistance to water and dust. From
my experience, the Galaxy S7 can perfectly support the daily lifestyles of
people aged from 14 to 35.

The new Samsung Galaxy S7 also comes with a refined design, a camera that works
even in low-light settings, and IP68 water and dust resistance. That IP (ingress
protection) rating means the phone is "dust tight" and protected against
complete, continuous submersion in water.

The Galaxy S7 also features a hybrid tray that can take in either dual SIM cards
or a micro SD card for additional storage.

Both the 5.1-inch and 5.5-inch versions are constructed with 3D glass and metal
â[#x20ac]" all in a sleek design with durability and ergonomic curves for a
comfortable grip.

During the trip to Dubai, I enjoyed taking stunning shots at night in the Lahbab
Desert and also at the world-class Aquaventure Water Park. I think the S7 is
ready to make consumers "rethink what a phone can do".

Sasitorn Khoopatanakul, corporate marketing director at Thai Samsung
Electronics, said Samsung chose Dubai as the destination for testing the
efficiency of its latest smartphone because the city is as marvellous as the
Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge.

Dubai has wonderfully transformed itself from a desert town into a vibrant trade
and real-estate hub. Winning the global spotlight, it is fascinating that people
from around the globe wish to explore it â[#x20ac]" which Samsung hopes is also
true for the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge.

Samsung prepared three days of challenging missions for participants in this
exclusive trip.

On the first day, they were challenged to take stunning night shots from the
world's tallest building, Burj Khalifa. On the second day, participants headed
out to the Lahbab Desert for an exciting ride across sand dunes, and witnessed a
breathtaking sunset. On the last day, they jumped into the water at the
Aquaventure park to take photos with the water-resistant smartphone.

Thai consumers love to post photos on social media. Thai netizens post 16.5
million new photos on Facebook every day, and the number is 477,000 for
Instagram.

Around 90 per cent of photos taken are captured indoors. Half of indoor photos
are taken in low-light settings and a flash is used. However, a flash may lower
the overall quality of a photo, so many mobile-phone companies have been working
on smartphone cameras with a larger aperture to improve the image quality in
low-light conditions.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             116 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                            March 24, 2016 Thursday

Dubai trip demonstrates features of Samsung Galaxy S7

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 443 words


JIRAPAN BOONNOON

THE NATION

HAVE you ever had your smartphone fall into the water? If you have, you know
what a nightmare that can be.

Last week, I was invited by Thai Samsung Electronics to try out the new Samsung
Galaxy S7 smartphone in Dubai, and test its resistance to water and dust. From
my experience, the Galaxy S7 can perfectly support the daily lifestyles of
people aged from 14 to 35.

The new Samsung Galaxy S7 also comes with a refined design, a camera that works
even in low-light settings, and IP68 water and dust resistance. That IP (ingress
protection) rating means the phone is "dust tight" and protected against
complete, continuous submersion in water.

The Galaxy S7 also features a hybrid tray that can take in either dual SIM cards
or a micro SD card for additional storage.

Both the 5.1-inch and 5.5-inch versions are constructed with 3D glass and metal
â[#x20ac]" all in a sleek design with durability and ergonomic curves for a
comfortable grip.

During the trip to Dubai, I enjoyed taking stunning shots at night in the Lahbab
Desert and also at the world-class Aquaventure Water Park. I think the S7 is
ready to make consumers "rethink what a phone can do".

Sasitorn Khoopatanakul, corporate marketing director at Thai Samsung
Electronics, said Samsung chose Dubai as the destination for testing the
efficiency of its latest smartphone because the city is as marvellous as the
Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge.

Dubai has wonderfully transformed itself from a desert town into a vibrant trade
and real-estate hub. Winning the global spotlight, it is fascinating that people
from around the globe wish to explore it â[#x20ac]" which Samsung hopes is also
true for the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge.

Samsung prepared three days of challenging missions for participants in this
exclusive trip.

On the first day, they were challenged to take stunning night shots from the
world's tallest building, Burj Khalifa. On the second day, participants headed
out to the Lahbab Desert for an exciting ride across sand dunes, and witnessed a
breathtaking sunset. On the last day, they jumped into the water at the
Aquaventure park to take photos with the water-resistant smartphone.

Thai consumers love to post photos on social media. Thai netizens post 16.5
million new photos on Facebook every day, and the number is 477,000 for
Instagram.

Around 90 per cent of photos taken are captured indoors. Half of indoor photos
are taken in low-light settings and a flash is used. However, a flash may lower
the overall quality of a photo, so many mobile-phone companies have been working
on smartphone cameras with a larger aperture to improve the image quality in
low-light conditions.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             117 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                            March 24, 2016 Thursday

Dubai trip demonstrates features of Samsung Galaxy S7

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 443 words


JIRAPAN BOONNOON

THE NATION

HAVE you ever had your smartphone fall into the water? If you have, you know
what a nightmare that can be.

Last week, I was invited by Thai Samsung Electronics to try out the new Samsung
Galaxy S7 smartphone in Dubai, and test its resistance to water and dust. From
my experience, the Galaxy S7 can perfectly support the daily lifestyles of
people aged from 14 to 35.

The new Samsung Galaxy S7 also comes with a refined design, a camera that works
even in low-light settings, and IP68 water and dust resistance. That IP (ingress
protection) rating means the phone is "dust tight" and protected against
complete, continuous submersion in water.

The Galaxy S7 also features a hybrid tray that can take in either dual SIM cards
or a micro SD card for additional storage.

Both the 5.1-inch and 5.5-inch versions are constructed with 3D glass and metal
â[#x20ac]" all in a sleek design with durability and ergonomic curves for a
comfortable grip.

During the trip to Dubai, I enjoyed taking stunning shots at night in the Lahbab
Desert and also at the world-class Aquaventure Water Park. I think the S7 is
ready to make consumers "rethink what a phone can do".

Sasitorn Khoopatanakul, corporate marketing director at Thai Samsung
Electronics, said Samsung chose Dubai as the destination for testing the
efficiency of its latest smartphone because the city is as marvellous as the
Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge.

Dubai has wonderfully transformed itself from a desert town into a vibrant trade
and real-estate hub. Winning the global spotlight, it is fascinating that people
from around the globe wish to explore it â[#x20ac]" which Samsung hopes is also
true for the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge.

Samsung prepared three days of challenging missions for participants in this
exclusive trip.

On the first day, they were challenged to take stunning night shots from the
world's tallest building, Burj Khalifa. On the second day, participants headed
out to the Lahbab Desert for an exciting ride across sand dunes, and witnessed a
breathtaking sunset. On the last day, they jumped into the water at the
Aquaventure park to take photos with the water-resistant smartphone.

Thai consumers love to post photos on social media. Thai netizens post 16.5
million new photos on Facebook every day, and the number is 477,000 for
Instagram.

Around 90 per cent of photos taken are captured indoors. Half of indoor photos
are taken in low-light settings and a flash is used. However, a flash may lower
the overall quality of a photo, so many mobile-phone companies have been working
on smartphone cameras with a larger aperture to improve the image quality in
low-light conditions.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             118 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                     February 20, 2016 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Galaxy S7 launch will be a high-pressure handset launch for Samsung

BYLINE: Brenda McGregor

LENGTH: 260  words


With bigwig South Korean device maker Samsung set to launch its latest Galaxy
flagship handsets -- Galaxy S7; and Galaxy S7 Edge -- at the Mobile World
Congress 2016 in Barcelona, Spain, on February 21, analysts are projecting that
the new Galaxy handsets will be 'make or break' smartphones for the world's
leading smartphone manufacturer.

The forthcoming launch of the new Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge handset comes at
a time when Samsung is trying to retain its dominance in the samrtphone market,
especially in the wake of the increasing competition from other smartphone
vendors like Apple, LG, Huawei, and Xiaomi, among others.

Moreover, Samsung will also, more significantly, be battling itself with the
launch of its next-generation Galaxy handsets. Since Samsung has launched nearly
30 new smartphone models in the last one year, it would be a challenge for the
company to persuade customers to upgrade from their current Samsung handsets to
the new Galaxy models.

To convince millions of current Samsung users to purchase the new Galaxy
handsets, Samsung will evidently have to spend billions of dollars on its
marketing campaign for the new Galaxy S7 handsets.

Highlighting the fact that Galaxy S7 will mark a high-pressure handset launch
for Samsung, Ian Fogg -- chief of mobile analysis at research firm IHS
Technology -- told International Business Times: "Samsung is starting from a
leadership position in the smartphone market, which means that for the bulk of
consumers who are upgrading, Samsung is really competing with its previous- year
models."

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             119 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           September 11, 2015 Friday

Leaked benchmarking results of Galaxy S7 show new barrier of performance
unlocked

LENGTH: 321  words


By tbreak Staff -

Samsung Galaxy S7 is going to be the name of the company's next flagship
smartphone and it is expected that the device will be available to purchase in
both the Snapdragon 820 and Exynos M1 variants. Since Snapdragon 820 is going to
come out much sooner than Samsung's own mobile chipset, the company is busy
performing rigorous tests on it. In the end, it might actually end up
incorporating a Snapdragon 820 in Galaxy S7 because the latest benchmarking leak
shows that the scores obtained by the smartphone are phenomenal.

A source reported that a when the Snapdragon 820 present inside Galaxy S7 was
taken for a test run, it was able to score impressively. According to the
specifications, Galaxy S7 is going to be feature the following hardware:

Consumers will definitely be hoping that Samsung does not follow the same
features' approach that it did with Galaxy Note 5, otherwise we could be seeing
Galaxy S7 without a removable battery, and without an external card slot;
something that will obviously spell disaster for the company. Samsung's premium
lineup of devices do not come cheap, which makes incorporating the mentioned
features even more mandatory.

We were also expecting that Galaxy S7 would feature a better camera sensor in
terms of megapixels but the specification details also reveal that the upcoming
high-end smartphone is going to have a 16MP rear sensor, followed by a 5MP front
one. Let us hope that Sony's new camera sensor is present on Galaxy S7 otherwise
those seeking to upgrade their devices just to experience a better smartphone
camera will be devastated.

As for the benchmarking scores, they have been given below. We can expect Galaxy
S7 to arrive during the second quarter of 2016.

This slideshow requires JavaScript.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/74/144198123894.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/4/144198124030.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/85/144198124134.jpg



LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             120 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

Smart opens pre-registration for Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge

LENGTH: 198 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Makati City: Smart Communications has issued the following news release:



 Be among the first to experience the Samsung Galaxy S7 and the Samsung Galaxy
S7 Edge when they hit the Philippine shores by signing up at
smart.com.ph/Postpaid/samsung-galaxy-seven.





 Set to redefine what a smartphone can do, the Samsung Galaxy  S7 and Galaxy S7
Edge pushes the boundaries of mobile technology with enhanced multitasking and
camera features, expandable memory of up to 200GB, larger battery and IP68 water
and dust resistant certification &ndash; all housed in an elegant body of glass
and metal finish.



 Samsung's latest smartphones are also compatible with the Samsung Gear VR, the
world's first consumer-focused virtual reality headset, which Smart will soon
offer to usher in the new frontier of mobile entertainment.



 By slipping the Galaxy S7 or the Galaxy S7 Edge in the Gear VR lens, users can
instantly transport themselves in 3D and CG animated worlds, as well as 180 or
360-degree live action scenes &ndash; offering an immersive and interactive
viewing and gaming experience.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content, please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             121 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            March 10, 2016 Thursday

Samsung seeks rebound in China market with S7 '

LENGTH: 615 words


Koh Dong-jin, head of Samsung's mobile devices division, introduces the
company's new flagship smartphones ? the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge ? at a launch
event at the Hotel Shilla, central Seoul, Thursday. Courtesy of Samsung
ElectronicsBy Lee Min-hyung

Samsung Electronics said Thursday that it aims to rebound in the Chinese market
with its new flagship smartphones, Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge, but it remained
cautious by saying it won't be an 'overnight thing.'

'It is too early for us to say that our new flagship models will bring a massive
change to China's smartphone market,' Koh Dong-jin, Samsung Electronics' mobile
chief, said during a Galaxy launch event in Seoul.

The remark came three days after the company held a Galaxy showcase event in
Shanghai. Koh acknowledged that the company has been suffering setbacks in
Asia's largest market for more than a year and a half.

'On the Shanghai visit, I had a series of meetings with Chinese retail partners,
as we identify the local distribution channel as the key factor for our
success,' he said. 'I saw for myself why we have been having trouble in the
market, and now we can say for sure that the new Galaxy models will be a game
changer.'

This is the first time for Koh to hold a press event in Seoul since he was named
the company's new mobile head last Dec. 1. Under his leadership, Samsung
unveiled the new flagship models at this year's Mobile World Congress (MWC) in
Barcelona last month. Koh has played a central role in developing all the Galaxy
series, and was promoted in recognition of his leading role in developing all
the flagship models.

'We have contemplated what customer-centric innovation is,' he said. 'Innovation
for customers comes from simplicity. They want to get something with basic
features such as luxurious design, waterproofing and battery life lasting a full
day.'

Samsung Electronics stressed that Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge adopted a duel-pixel
image sensor which the company said Wednesday it has been mass-producing since
February. The company said the 1.2-megapixel image sensor will allow users to
take professional-level photographs.

'The image sensor is the fruit of our years-long efforts,' he said. 'We also
want to adopt the sensor to non-flagship models, but careful consideration is
needed considering such factors as price competitiveness.'

Galaxy S7 is priced at 836,000 won ($695) for the 32GB model, down 22,000 won
from the previous model. Galaxy S7 Edge is sold at 924,000 won for the same
storage capacity, down 55,000 won from the S6 Edge.

'A company decides prices for their products, but more important is to hear
voices from customers,' the company chief added.

We decided to lower the price to meet the growing calls from customers,' he
said. 'Our sales and marketing department has focused on demands from the
market. We are confident the new models will exceed sales records for previous
models.'

Galaxy Club

The company also unveiled why it decided to introduce the Galaxy trade-in
program, Galaxy Club.

'Each country will run the Galaxy Club program differently,' Koh said. 'We have
been in talks to launch the program for one-and-a-half years. The program was
introduced to win back our loyal customers.'

When Galaxy Club users buy Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge on a two-year installment plan,
they can replace it with a new model next year without paying the remaining
installments. Samsung charges 7,700 won each month for the trade-in program and
smartphone care services which include offering half price for repairing
smartphone screens.

Users can join the program, starting Friday, the official launch date for the
new smartphones. All the payment should be made through Samsung Card, the
company said.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             122 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                             June 9, 2016 Thursday

Galaxy S7, S7 Edge forecast to sell 15 mln units in Q2: sources -

LENGTH: 228 words


Korea's No. 1 tech firm Samsung Electronics is forecast to see the combined
sales of the Galaxy S7 and the Galaxy S7 Edge reach 15 million in the second
quarter of this year, industry sources said Thursday.

The sources estimate that Samsung's combined shipments of the Galaxy S7 and S7
Edge will hover at 15 million units in the April-June period. The two models
went on sales on March 11.

Noticeably, the sales of the Galaxy S7 Edge, which is more expensive, will beat
out the Galaxy S7, according to the sources.

The two latest models, first showcased at a trade fair in Spain in February,
come with improved batteries and are water and dust resistant. The company also
brought back the micro SD card slot that had disappeared in the Galaxy S6
series.

Meanwhile, several local securities companies earlier upgraded their
second-quarter earnings outlook for the tech behemoth. In a note to clients,
Hanwha Investment and Securities Co. predicted Samsung's operating profit will
soar to 7.7 trillion won ($6.67 billion) for the April-June period, bolstered by
strong sales of the Galaxy7 series.

"The profit rate of Samsung Electronics' smartphone business is to rise from
15.8 percent to 17.1 in the second quarter and Samsung's mobile segment will
reach 4 trillion won in terms of operating profits," said No Geung-chang, a
researcher at HMC Investment Securities. (Yonhap)

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             123 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung Galaxy S7 launched at Rs 48,900, Galaxy S7 edge at Rs 56,900

BYLINE: Debashis Sarkar

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 302 words


South Korean electronics gianttoday launched its latest flagship smartphones --
Galaxy S7 and S7 edge -- in India. The launch comes within a month of their
global launch at MWC 2016 in Barcelona. As speculated, Samsung will sell the
Exynos 8890 chipset variant in the country and not the other one with Qualcomm
Snapdragon 820 SoC.

The new S7 and S7 edge will cost Rs 48,900 and Rs 56,900 respectively. Both will
be available starting March 18.READ ALSO:Samsung is continuing with its familiar
'glass and metal' design in both the new flagships, which was first introduced
in the older S6 series. The company claims that its new smartphones offer
superior performance and are IP68 waterproof.Both Galaxy S7 and S7 edge
smartphones sport similar hardware. While the Galaxy S7 offers a 5.1-inch
display, weigh 152 gram and is powered by a 3,000mAh battery, on the other hand,
the bigger S7 edge sports a 5.5-inch display, 3,600mAh battery and weighs 5 gram
more. The two new high-end smartphones have a Quad HD Super AMOLED display with
a resolution of 2560 x 1440 pixels.READ ALSO:In terms of software, the major
difference between S7 and S7 edge is in the new improved App Edge display on the
right side. Both run the latest version of Google's Android operating system,
Marshmallow.Samsung has finally brought back the microSD card slot. They now
support up to 200GB microSD cards.Other specs of the new Galaxy smartphone
include Exynos 8890 64-bit octa-core (2.3GHz quad-core + 1.6GHz quad-core)
processor with with 4GB LPDDR4 RAM, 12MP dual pixel f/1.7rear camera with smart
OIS, 5MP selfie shooter, 4G support (LTE Cat 9), Fast Charging along with other
regular connectivity options. Samsung has incorporated liquid cooling technology
to counter heating issues in these phones.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             124 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            February 1, 2016 Monday

Samsung Galaxy S7 launch date confirmed

LENGTH: 232  words


By tbreak Staff -

It is finally official. The Samsung Galaxy S7 will be launching on Sunday,
February 21, 2016.

Samsung recently sent out invites to members of the press for its February 21
Unpacked 2016 event, where we can see for sure the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge. The
event will start at 7PM Barcelona time, and will be on the same day that LG
plans to reveal the G5, ahead of the MWC 2016, which brings it to two flagships
on one day.

The invite in itself was quite cryptic, but Samsung also released a short teaser
clip which featured its Gear VR headset. It is a high possibility that the
concepts of Virtual Reality will be incorporated somehow into the launch of the
event, or probably Samsung might announce something new for the Samsung Galaxy
Gear VR as well.

According to previous rumors, we can expect the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge to
be completely black and can be expected to release on the 11th of March in US
and Europe markets. If the rumors are true, Samsung would release the Galaxy S7
early, as compared to last year's S6 and S6 Edge which released almost a month
later. There are also rumors of a third version, the Galaxy S7 Plus, but it is
yet to be confirmed. As of now, we have only the 5.1 inch Galaxy S7 and the Edge
variant at 5.5 inch.

Other than Samsung, we can expect to see devices from LG and Huawei during MWC.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/97/145441873328.jpg



LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             125 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                      December 7, 2015 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Sneak Peek into specifications of Samsung Galaxy S7

BYLINE: Matt Hensley

LENGTH: 311  words


Rumors for latest benchmark scores of Samsung Galaxy S7 to be released in 2016
include the device to be available in two variants with different processors.
Samsung's Galaxy S7 will have its own Exynos 8890 chipset and the second variant
will run the Qualcomm's Snapdragon 820 SoC

Samsung is all set to handle heating issues that arise in the Snapdragon 820
processor that is by adding high-tech heating pipes in the smartphones.
Overheating was a big issue for Qualcomm's previous chip, the Snapdragon 810 and
it now seems that the 820 is also facing similar issues. It has to be seen
whether the addition is for both the variants or just for the Snapdragon
version.

There are chances that the phone would be available by April 2016 and might be a
surprise launch takes places in January.

Samsung is planning to include minimal yet significant changes in the new Galaxy
S7. It is rumored that the company will continue to offer the metal and glass
design that has been earlier seen in the S6 and the S6 edge. This design has
been available in all Samsung's high-range phones including Galaxy Note 5 and
has also been provided in the new Galaxy A series for 2015.

"As the S6 and S6 Edge represented progress, the S7 will have improvements both
in picture quality, performance and other some new features. But because
smartphones have already been commoditized, you don't need to spend more on a
surface overhaul", affirmed experts.

It is being rumored that Galaxy S7 will ditch the micro-USB and have Type-C USB
phone hence joining the list of Nexus 6P, LG Nexus 5X and OnePlus 2. As per the
reports, Samsung will get back the micro-SD slot with Galaxy S7.

Another rumor is that Samsung Galaxy S7 will be 10% cheaper than its predecessor
Galaxy S7. But Samsung has not provided details on the price of the smartphone.
One can expect a return of 4K displays and Marshmallow.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             126 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             May 28, 2016 Saturday

Samsung announces Batman-themed Galaxy S7 Edge Injustice Edition

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 274 words


NEW DELHI: Samsung today announced its Galaxy S7 Edge Injustice Edition
smartphone. The Batman-themed smartphone has been launched to commemorate the
third anniversary of popular mobile game -- Injustice: Gods Among Us. Samsung
has partnered with Warner Bros.

Interactive Entertainment and DC Entertainment for making the special edition
flagship Galaxy phone.The limited edition Galaxy S7 edge Injustice Edition will
be available in early June exclusively in select territories, including China,
Singapore, Korea, Latin America and Russia. Other territories will be announced
soon. Read also: Samsung Galaxy S7 vs Galaxy S6: 10 new features Developed from
the ground up by award-winning NetherRealm Studios, 'Injustice: Gods Among Us'
mobile game has great graphics and offers a unique fighting and gameplay
experience. It features collectible card mechanics and engages players in 3-on-3
tag team combat that features many of DC's iconic characters.The Galaxy S7 Edge
Injustice Edition package includes a sleek deep black Galaxy S7 Edge,
accentuated by gold detailing and Batman insignia on the back panel. The package
also includes a Gear VR (in select territories), along with in-game credit for
Injustice: Gods Among Us and Oculus VR content vouchers. Read also: LG G5 vs
Samsung Galaxy S7 vs Apple iPhone 6S Hardware specifications of the Samsung
Galaxy S7 edge include Exynos 8890 64-bit octa-core (2.3GHz quad-core + 1.6GHz
quad-core) processor with with 4GB LPDDR4 RAM, 12MP dual pixel f/1.7rear camera
with smart OIS, 5MP selfie shooter, 4G support (LTE Cat 9) and fast charging,
among other features.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             127 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                      December 7, 2015 Monday 6:30 AM EST

5A----Sneak Peek into specifications of Samsung Galaxy S7

BYLINE: Matt Hensley

LENGTH: 311  words


Rumors for latest benchmark scores of Samsung Galaxy S7 to be released in 2016
include the device to be available in two variants with different processors.
Samsung's Galaxy S7 will have its own Exynos 8890 chipset and the second variant
will run the Qualcomm's Snapdragon 820 SoC

Samsung is all set to handle heating issues that arise in the Snapdragon 820
processor that is by adding high-tech heating pipes in the smartphones.
Overheating was a big issue for Qualcomm's previous chip, the Snapdragon 810 and
it now seems that the 820 is also facing similar issues. It has to be seen
whether the addition is for both the variants or just for the Snapdragon
version.

There are chances that the phone would be available by April 2016 and might be a
surprise launch takes places in January.

Samsung is planning to include minimal yet significant changes in the new Galaxy
S7. It is rumored that the company will continue to offer the metal and glass
design that has been earlier seen in the S6 and the S6 edge. This design has
been available in all Samsung's high-range phones including Galaxy Note 5 and
has also been provided in the new Galaxy A series for 2015.

"As the S6 and S6 Edge represented progress, the S7 will have improvements both
in picture quality, performance and other some new features. But because
smartphones have already been commoditized, you don't need to spend more on a
surface overhaul", affirmed experts.

It is being rumored that Galaxy S7 will ditch the micro-USB and have Type-C USB
phone hence joining the list of Nexus 6P, LG Nexus 5X and OnePlus 2. As per the
reports, Samsung will get back the micro-SD slot with Galaxy S7.

Another rumor is that Samsung Galaxy S7 will be 10% cheaper than its predecessor
Galaxy S7. But Samsung has not provided details on the price of the smartphone.
One can expect a return of 4K displays and Marshmallow.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             128 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Miadhu (Maldives)

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

Ooredoo launches latest Samsung Galaxy S7 series phones with 12 GB of Free Data
and Free Minutes!

LENGTH: 268  words


Following the launch of a great offer for smartphone enthusiasts, Ooredoo handed
over a Samsung Galaxy S7 to their first customer, who had been the first to
pre-order the highly advanced smartphone through the company's web portal.

Ooredoo's exciting offer for the latest Samsung Galaxy S7 and Samsung Galaxy S7
Edge is accompanied by free calls and 12 GB of free data. Ooredoo customers will
be able to enjoy great savings and value plans when purchasing these highly
sought out phones, both on postpaid and prepaid.

Prepaid, mix and postpaid customers will be able to purchase the latest Samsung
Galaxy handsets for the best prices in the market, inclusive of free calls and
free data for an entire year. Customers will receive 1 GB of free data and 100
minutes of free calls per month, throughout the year. (Samsung Galaxy S7 32 GB
at 11,399.00 and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge 32 GB at 13,499.00)

Ooredoo customers will also be able to get the new Samsung Galaxy phones for as
low as MVR 789 per month, by purchasing the device on a 12 month long instalment
plan, with a down payment of only MVR 1,999, twinned with either Postpaid 499 or
Postpaid 99 package. (Samsung Galaxy S7 32 GB 789.00 per month and Samsung
Galaxy S7 Edge 32 GB 989.00 per month)

When buying the device with Postpaid 499 or Postpaid 999 package, customers will
be able to enjoy unlimited calls, unlimited SMS, and up to 10 GB of free data
per month. They will also get incredible IDD offers, with 50% discounts to one
nation of your choice on Postpaid 499, and 20% discount to Sri Lanka, India,
Thailand, Singapore and Malaysia on Postpaid 999.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                             Copyright 2016 Miadhu
                              All Rights Reserved


                             129 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             June 8, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung Galaxy S7 Active with rugged build launched

BYLINE: Robin Sinha

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 271 words


Samsung has launched its fourth Galaxy Active smartphone, the Galaxy S7 Active
in the US. The South Korean tech giant has joined hands with US carrier AT&T for
getting the smartphone to the users. The S7 Active will go on sale exclusively
via AT&T this week.

Samsung Galaxy S7 Active will be priced at $26.50 per month for a 30 months
contract or $33.13 per month for 24 months contract with AT&T's Next Plan.
Customers can pay $750 to outright purchase the smartphone. Users will receive a
complimentary Samsung Gear S2 smartwatch if they purchase the smartphone with
the AT&T NextPlan.Like its predecessors, the Galaxy S4 Active, Galaxy S5 Active
and Galaxy S6 Active, the Galaxy S7 Active comes with IP68 certification for
dust and water resistance. This means that it can work for 30 minutes underwater
up to 5 feet. The handset is also shatter proof.As for the specifications, the
Samsung Galaxy S7 Active runs Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow out-of-the-box and
features a 5.1-inch Super Amoled display with Gorilla Glass 4 protection. It is
powered by a Quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor clubbed with 4GB RAM.
The phone also houses a 12MP rear camera with Dual Pixel technology. Samsung
Galaxy S7 Active includes 32GB of inbuilt storage which can be expanded up to
200GB via a microSD. It is backed by a 4000mAh battery, 400mAh more than what
the Galaxy S7 Edge offers. One of the highlights of the phone is a dedicated
shortcut button on the left. Users can open different apps by pressing it once,
long pressing it, or by pressing it twice. There is a fingerprint sensor as
well.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             130 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            August 29, 2015 Saturday

Galaxy S7 might sport a resolution even higher than Galaxy Note 5

LENGTH: 335  words


By tbreak Staff -

Galaxy S7 is definitely going to surpass Samsung's Galaxy Note 5 in both
functionality, specifications and unique features. However, one of the primary
differences separating the smartphones will be that Galaxy S7 is expected to
sport a much higher resolution compared to the current generation flagship
phablet.

There have been rumors that Samsung has been testing out Snapdragon 820 on
Galaxy S7, leading us to believe that Galaxy S7 might actually be incorporated
with Qualcomm's upcoming flagship chipset. Snapdragon 820 is going to be
processed on Samsung's own 14nm FinFET architecture, which is probably the
reason why the company is comfortable in placing the chip inside the device.
However, perhaps the biggest upgrade present in Galaxy S7 will be its 4K
resolution.

Galaxy Note 5 currently features a 1440p resolution, and for Samsung to raise
the bar in its next flagship, the company will most likely be targeting the
resolution side of things. However, doing all this will put an alarming amount
of stress on the processor as well as the battery life, leading to quick battery
depletion. Android is not known for being battery friendly, but with the release
of Android Marshmallow, all that might change.

Just like last time, Galaxy S7 could be unveiled at 2016's Mobile World
Congress, but the location of the event has not yet been disclosed. Apart from
the 4K resolution and Snapdragon 820 SoC, the upcoming flagship smartphone could
also feature a 20MP rear camera sensor. The camera sensor will have more
megapixels as compared to both Galaxy Note 5 and Galaxy S6 Edge Plus, leading to
even better quality images being snapped from it.

While Snapdragon 820 does provide support for 30MP camera sensors, we are not so
sure that Samsung will be willing to take things overboard with this, especially
after it is rumored that Galaxy S7 might sport a 4K resolution. Since it is too
early to tell, we will wait for more information to come through before we
should take things seriously.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             131 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                              June 19, 2016 Sunday

Samsung shows the 4K video quality on a Galaxy S7 - Would you still purchase
one?

LENGTH: 337  words


This 4K shows how impressively made the camera sensor is on the Galaxy S7, which
features a 12.3MP front camera

Samsung's Galaxy S7 brings a ton of upgrades over its Galaxy S6 which includes a
3,000mAh battery despite being 1mm thinner than its predecessor. However, one
upgrade that people tend to overlook is the rear camera sensor, which is a
12.3MP sensor with an aperture of f/1.7, the widest in any smartphone right now.
While aperture and camera manual mode are elements that will help to you get the
best pictures, but it also depends on the sensor quality and performance.

Samsung Galaxy S7 has enough firepower to render 4K videos at 30 frames per
second and to show how capable that 12.3MP rear camera sensor is, the company
has decided to release its own 4K footage to show how far it has come where the
camera department is concerned. If you have a 4K monitor, then we highly
recommend that you watch the footage in 4K so you will easily be able to tell
the quality apart.

On a monitor that does not have a resolution of 4K might not give you a better
conclusion on the quality of the video. Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge come in the
Exynos 8990 and Snapdragon 820 chipset models, and their performance is greatly
improved thanks to 4GB of RAM.

Samsung has significantly reduced the bloat on its customized TouchWiz
interface, but the company still has a long way to go in terms of software. In
terms of hardware however, Samsung is definitely the king of Android smartphone
manufacturers and we cannot wait to see an improved version of both smartphones
being introduced during the month of August, named Galaxy Note 7.

One of the things that we adored about the smartphone was that despite being 1mm
thinner than Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 edge, both smartphones feature an
impressive build quality and feature a much larger battery capacity. One other
thing that Samsung welcomed back was its expandable storage slot, and both
openings of Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge are able to support a 200GB microSD
card.

Source

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             132 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            March 10, 2016 Thursday

Samsung S7 and S7 Edge having a successful rate of pre orders

LENGTH: 197  words


By tbreak Staff -

Samsung is on a great run recently, with the launch of the two latest flagships,
the Samsung Galaxy S7 and the S7 Edge.

As reported by Reuters, Samsung's mobile chief, Dongjin Koh, recently stated
that the Korean company is having a much stronger rate of pre-orders than
expected. The report from Reuters stated "Tech giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd
has seen stronger-than-expected preorders for its new flagship Galaxy S7
smartphones launching this week, a senior company executive said on Thursday."

However, Koh did not follow up on his statement with any specific sales figures
to back up these claims. However, he did state that Samsung hopes for a strong
performance from the Galaxy S7, which will help the company drive success in
regions like China, where it is facing massive competition.

The Samsung Galaxy S7 and the S7 Edge, are the latest flagships from Samsung,
and so far it seems to be doing quite well. The Samsung Galaxy S7 is available
for AED 2399, while the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is available for AE 2799. Both
the phones come with three color options, which includes Black, Gold and Silver.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/69/145768050843.jpg



LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             133 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Central Asian News Service (English language)

                              June 7, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung announces Galaxy S7 active

LENGTH: 495  words


Today Samsung is following up the launch of its Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge
smartphones with the introduction of the Galaxy S7 active, a ruggedized version
of the flagship S7. Like previous active series phones, it uses the same
internal hardware as the rest of its lineage, including the latest Snapdragon
820 SoC with a quad-core CPU utilizing Qualcomm's custom 64-bit Kryo cores and
Adreno 530 GPU. This is paired with 4GB of LPDDR4 RAM and 32GB of UFS 2.0 NAND.
Additional internal storage options are not available for the S7 active, but it
still supports microSD cards for expansion, according to AnandTech.



The S7 active also uses the same 5.1-inch QHD SAMOLED display as the regular S7,
which we found provides a well-calibrated sRGB mode along with additional modes
for those who prefer more saturated colors. It also managed to hit about 500
nits peak brightness when using auto brightness mode at 100% APL.

Despite using the same screen size as the S7, the S7 active is larger and
heavier because of the additional protection its outer shell provides. Replacing
the sleek but fragile glass and metal construction is a larger but more durable
plastic and metal chassis that increases the height and width by 6.4 mm and 5.4
mm, respectively. Thickness also increases by 2 mm to 9.9 mm, which helps make
room for a larger 4000mAh battery.

What really sets the Galaxy S7 active apart from Samsung's other phones,
however, is its improved durability. It retains the S7's IP68 rating that makes
it dust tight and allows for immersion in water up to 5 feet for up to 30
minutes. There's an additional protective polycarbonate layer on top of the
screen, which eliminates the stress concentrations that result from scratches,
increasing the shatter resistance of the cover glass.

Samsung also claims the S7 active passes the U.S. Military Standard (MIL-STD)
810G tests for a ruggedized phone, including those for exposure to high and low
temperatures, salt fog, humidity, and shock, which entails dropping the phone in
different ways onto two inches of plywood over concrete from a height of at
least four feet.

While discussing the Galaxy S7 active, Samsung stressed its emphasis on
enterprise customers with the phone's security and productivity features. It
still has the same touch-based fingerprint sensor as the S7 for authentication
and also includes Samsung's Knox security suite that allows for the separation
of work and personal content, in addition to other security-focused features.


The larger 4000mAh battery should help the S7 active last longer than the
regular version. The battery is not swappable, but it still supports Samsung's
fast charging technology and wireless charging to help get the phone back into
action more quickly.

Like previous active phones, the Galaxy S7 active will be an AT&T exclusive. It
will be offered in three different colors - Cammo Green, Titanium Gray, Sandy
Gold - and will be available for purchase on June 10.AKIpress

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 894


                            Copyright 2016 AKIpress
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             134 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            February 26, 2016 Friday

Samsung to take preorders for Galaxy S7 next week

LENGTH: 184 words


Samsung Electronics will start receiving preorders for its latest flagship
smartphone, the Galaxy S7, from local customers on March 4, industry sources
said Friday.

That would be a week ahead of the phone's official release in South Korea.

Samsung's Galaxy S7 (Yonhap)

The Galaxy S7 is estimated to cost 850,000 won ($644) here and the Galaxy S7
Edge 900,000 won.

Samsung earlier said the devices will be available for sales on March 11 in 60
countries around the globe.

The initial factory price of the 32-gigabyte Galaxy S6 had stood at 858,000 won,
while the Galaxy S6 Edge's price tag was 979,000 won.

Samsung Electronics also started displaying the new smartphones in local stores,
allowing users to get a firsthand look at the devices.

On Sunday, Samsung Electronics showcased the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge, which
came with improved batteries and are water-dust resistant.

Samsung also said it has adopted what it calls a "dual pixel sensor" for the
cameras of the two models for the first time in the industry, which will enhance
the quality of photos to the level of high-end cameras.

(khnews@heraldcorp.c

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             135 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                             March 22, 2016 Tuesday

Senheng's extra warranty for Galaxy S7 edge

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 280 words


KUALA LUMPUR: Samsung's new flagship smartphone - the Galaxy S7 edge, the slim
dual-edge curved design smartphone - is available at all Senheng outlets and
senQ Digital Stations nationwide since last Friday.

Until the end of next month, Senheng is offering special promotions in
conjunction with the launch of the Galaxy S7 edge.

Buyers will get an extra one-year warranty if they sign-up with the PlusOne
loyalty programme. Senheng also offers zero per cent interest free instalment
payment plan with choice of tenures up to 36 months.

Another offer is the 1.1 per cent low interest rate for Aeon Easy Payment
customers. The first 300 customers who purchase Galaxy S7 edge via Aeon easy
payment will get a complimentary gift of a 64GB microSD card worth RM99.

For Hong Leong Bank credit cardholders, the first 300 customers who purchase
Galaxy S7 edge will get complimentary gifts of 9000mAh battery bank and Samsung
bluetooth headset with a total value of RM278.

Senheng also offers attractive trade-in rebates for those who want to upgrade to
the new Galaxy S7 edge.

Under its trade-up programme, trade-in smartphones include the Galaxy S5 (RM650
rebate), Galaxy Note 3 (RM800 rebate), Galaxy Note 4 (RM1000 rebate) and iPhone
5S (RM1000 rebate).

The Galaxy S7 edge run Google's newest operating system, Android 6.0
Marshmallow, which is equipped with Octa-core (2.3GHz Quad + 1.6GHz Quad) and
4GB RAM.

It features a "Dual Pixel" 12-megapixel rear camera, Smart OIS, 5-megapixel
front camera  and a larger F1.7 aperture.

At RM3099, the Galaxy S7 edge comes with build-in capacity of 32GB internal
storage and colour variations include black onyx, gold platinum and silver
titanium.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Company

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                             136 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung launches Galaxy S7, S7 Edge at Rs 48,900 and Rs 56,900

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 192 words


NEW DELHI: Samsung Electronics has launched its latest flagship smartphones, the
Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge, just 15 days after their global launch on February
21.

The handset maker has priced the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge, at Rs 48,900 and
Rs 56,900, respectively.

One will get a chance to pre-book the device between 8-17 March. Those who
pre-book, will get a VR headset for free as well.

The devices are being made in Samsung's Indian plant.

Samsung wants to build on the success of the S6, which drew acclaim for design
and innovative features. It's also looking to make the most of a quarter that's
usually slow for rivals, especially Apple. Marketing will be aggressive,
analysts said. ET recently reported that the company will spend Rs 100 crore on
marketing in India.

The S7 comes with a 5.1-inch super AMOLED dispay with 2550 x 1440 pixels. In
this year's version of its flagship, Samsung has bumped up the RAM to 4GB.

Similar to the Galaxy S7, its curved sibling also boasts of 4GB RAM. However, it
comes with a 5.5-inch display with 2550 x 1440 pixels as compared to the
5.1-inch in the Samsung Galaxy S7.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             137 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Waterloo Region Record

                           September 16, 2016 Friday
                                 First Edition

Now Samsung's Galaxy S7 phone is caught up in battery mess

BYLINE: Hayley Tsukayama, Washington Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C8

LENGTH: 375 words


Samsung's problems seem to be getting worse as the company tries to orchestrate
the replacement of millions of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphones, which have been
found to explode and catch fire.

Now there's a report that the Samsung Galaxy S7, a separate smartphone that has
been on the market since March, may have caused a car fire in Port St. Lucie,
Fla., ABC News reported.

While police were investigating whether a Galaxy Note 7 was the cause of that
fire, the wife of the car's owner told ABC the smartphone was a Galaxy S7.

Doubts about the safety of the other Samsung products would be a major problem
for Samsung. Not only has the Galaxy S7 been a big hit, the smartphone is being
offered to consumers as part of the current replacement program.

It's not clear whether this latest fire was caused by the same problem as the
Galaxy Note 7 fires, whether it could be part of a separate issue or whether it
is an isolated incident.

Neither Samsung nor the Consumer Product Safety Commission immediately responded
to a request for comment on whether the recall may be expanded to include other
Samsung devices.

Then there's last week ... when a California man filed a suit against Samsung
alleging the Galaxy S7 Edge - a larger version of the S7, with a curved screen -
exploded and burned him, according to a USA Today report.

That followed a report from Britain's Sun newspaper that an S7 Edge had exploded
in a teacher's hands. Samsung told the Sun: "There are no known safety issues
with Galaxy S7 devices."

The process of recalling an estimated 2.5 million Galaxy Note 7 smartphones from
users has been messy. When reports of explosions first surfaced in Korean media,
Samsung initiated a voluntary replacement program, encouraging customers to turn
off their phones and trade them in to Samsung or their carriers. But those
actions drew criticism from Consumer Reports and others who said that the
seriousness of the defect merited a formal recall, which would make it illegal
to continue selling the phones.

Samsung began working with the Consumer Product Safety Commission on an official
recall. But that collaboration has led to complications in the return timeline,
as all recall-related actions must be made in conjunction with the government
agency.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             138 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                     December 15, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

WSJ: Samsung Galaxy S7 will come with pressure-sensitive display, high-speed
charging port

BYLINE: Jonathan Clifford

LENGTH: 248  words


The Wall Street Journal (WSJ) has revealed in a Monday report that Samsung's
forthcoming Galaxy S7 handset will come with a pressure-sensitive display as
well as a high-speed charging port.

According to the WSJ report, Samsung is also probably planning to introduce a
retina scanner for some models of the upcoming Galaxy S7 handset, which is
currently in production.

In addition, the report has also projected that Samsung will also launch a
curved-screen variant of the Galaxy S7 handset, on the lines of the company's
current-generation Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge flagship smartphones.

It is being speculated that the new Galaxy S7 handset will likely be announced
by Samsung on the day before 2016 Mobile World Congress, which will kick off in
Barcelona on February 21, 2016. The sales of the handset will probably begin in
mid-March.

Meanwhile, so far as the other speculations about the Galaxy S7 handset are
concerned, some last-week leaks have disclosed that the new handset will likely
be powered by a faster Snapdragon 820 processor, and will bring back the storage
expansion slot of the Galaxy S5 model. Moreover, some earlier reports have also
hinted that the starting price of the Galaxy S7 handset will probably be lowered
by Samsung up to 10 percent below that of the Galaxy S6.

Technology (http://uncovercalifornia.com/business/technology)Samsung
(http://uncovercalifornia.com/company/samsung)

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             139 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Samsung's Galaxy S7 is all about ecosystem;
Analysis

BYLINE: John Davidson - John Davidson is attending Mobile World Congress in
Barcelona as a guest of Samsung.

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 685 words


With the launch of its Galaxy S7, a new flagship phone that picks up where the
Galaxy S6 left off, Samsung appears to have learned a thing or two from its arch
rival, Apple.

Samsung's new flagship phone, announced on Sunday night at the Mobile World
Congress trade show here in Barcelona, will be as much about the ecosystem that
surrounds a phone as it will be about the technical prowess that the electronics
giant has focused on in the past, Samsung officials say.

The launch event made use one of those ecosystem devices - Samsung's Gear VR
virtual reality headset - with a guest appearance from Facebook chief executive
Mark Zuckerberg as 4000 attendees used it. The event showed signs of a more
nuanced, more coherent branding strategy led by a former Coca Cola executive,
Pio Schunker, whom Samsung hired last year.

Both of those elements, ecosystem and branding, have been areas where Apple has
dominated Samsung and other competitors in the past.

To help bolster its ecosystem, Samsung simultaneously announced a new 360-degree
camera, the Gear 360, that can be used to generate virtual-reality content to
play in the Gear VR virtual reality headset that Samsung released last year.

Such content, that works with software from partners such as Facebook and
Google, will be part of Samsung's ecosystem play, as much as the hardware
add-ons themselves.

But the shift in focus for Samsung, away from just the device itself, doesn't
mean the company's traditional strengths weren't also on display with the launch
of the new phone.

As with the Galaxy S6, the Galaxy S7 also comes with a sister phone, known as
the S7 edge, that makes use of Samsung's advanced, flexible screen technology
that bends around the edge of the phone, something that its rivals have been
unable to match.

And capitalising on Samsung's OLED screens, one of the major technology leads
that Samsung has held over Apple, the Galaxy S7 and S7 will have screens that
are always on, giving users constant access to the clock and to incoming
notifications without ever having to touch their phones.

While such features show that Samsung is continuing to play to its strengths,
other new features in the phones suggest that the company is also beginning to
streamline its product portfolio, to help it compete with Apple when it comes to
ecosystem and marketing.

It has also restored the waterproofing to the phone, another feature removed in
the Galaxy S6, this time making the waterproofing internal so that users don't
have to deal with plastic caps over the USB ports.

Aside from slightly more rounded edges on the side of the new phone, and a
camera that doesn't stick out the back nearly as far, the S7 is virtually
indistinguishable from last year's Galaxy S6, at least in terms of visual
appearance. That, too, is very much like Apple, which tends to overhaul its
phone designs only every other year.

This simplification of the product portfolio, which makes it easier for
third-party manufacturers to participate in the ecosystem of devices that
surround a mobile phone, could become even more pronounced later this year, when
Samsung has to decide whether it will launch a third, bigger variant of the S7,
which would be known as the S7 edge+.

The S7 edge now comes with a curved, 5.5-inch screen, bigger than the 5.1-inch
screen on last year's model. That move to a bigger screen will give Samsung the
option of doing away with the S7 edge+ altogether, because the edge+ only has a
5.7-inch screen, not different enough to warrant a separate model.

Samsung officials say they're in the throes of deciding whether to get rid of
the edge+ line altogether, or simply to make it even bigger.

Making phones bigger has, of course, been central to how Samsung has competed
with Apple in the past, so much so that it's one of the few aspects of Samsung's
phone design that Apple has been forced to ape. Whether Samsung ditches the S7
edge+ later this year, or goes bigger still, could be a test of how it will
compete with Apple in the future.

Both smartphones will be on sale from 11 March and priced at $1149 for the
Galaxy S7 and $1249 for the S7 edge.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Mark Zuckerberg, right, with Samsung's Koh Dong Jin. PHOTO:
BLOOMBERG

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             140 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Samsung aims to stay on top with Galaxy S7

LENGTH: 641 words


Samsung Electronics took the wraps off the seventh generation of its flagship
Galaxy smartphone in Barcelona on Sunday, a day before the opening of the Mobile
World Congress trade show.

The firm, which is the world's largest smartphone marker by sales, also unveiled
the next generation of the Galaxy's variant model with curved displays.

Koh Dong-jin, president of Samsung Electronics' mobile communications business,
and Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg shake hands at Samsung's launch event for the
Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge in Barcelona on Sunday. (Samsung Electronics)

At first glance, the 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and the 5.5-inch S7 Edge appear similar
to the preceding S6 and S6 Edge models, but Samsung has integrated refined
features into the new mobile devices, which cater to avid mobile gamers, virtual
reality enthusiasts, and selfie lovers.

At the launch event on Sunday, the new smartphones were impressive enough to
elicit an enthusiastic response from the some 5,000 spectators who also got to
try out Samsung's virtual reality headset Gear VR.

Notable features of the smartphones include an expandable memory slot that
supports cards up to 200GB, the industry's highest level of dust and water
resistance -- they can be submerged under 15 meters of water for up to 30
minutes -- and an always-on display that notifies users of battery status and
schedules when the display is turned off.

Some critics had pointed out that the lack of expandable memory and dust and
water resistance in the S6 and S6 Edge had disappointed some Samsung fans.

The new smartphones boast several world-first features including a Dual Pixel
camera, which delivers brighter and sharper images in low light, according to
Samsung.

The S7 and S7 Edge, equipped with Qualcomm's Snapdragon 820 mobile processor,
support Vulkan API technology, which improves graphics to offer a PC-quality
gaming experience. This is a first in the mobile sector.

The improved mobile graphics indicate that high-quality VR content will soon be
available with the smartphones.

The new mobile gadgets' hardware and software updates, bigger battery capacity,
and an internal cooling system, will provide an optimal mobile gaming experience
for users, the company said.

Koh Dong-jin, president of Samsung Electronics' mobile communications business,
introduces the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge at the firm's launch event in
Barcelona on Sunday. (Samsung Electronics)

"We believe in a world that is brighter, sharper, more convenient, and more fun.
We strive to deliver on that vision with the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge by
marrying elegant design with functionality and providing a seamless mobile
experience," said Koh Dong-jin, president of Samsung's mobile communications
business, adding that the tech firm would push the boundaries of the mobile
experience into the VR sector.

Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg made an unannounced appearance at the event to
endorse Samsung and talk about progress in the emerging VR tech. The U.S. social
network firm has maintained a partnership with Samsung in VR since 2014,

"Pretty soon we're going to live in a world where everyone has the power to
share and experience whole scenes as if you're just there, right there in
person," said the Facebook CEO, adding that "VR is the next platform where
anyone can create and experience anything they want."

The social network firm and its Korean partner vowed to work together to bring
new VR technology to the market.

Kwon Sung-ryul, an analyst from Dongbu Investment and Securities, anticipated
that Samsung would be able to ship around 40 million units of the Galaxy S7 this
year.

"The Galaxy S7 has made improvements in areas such as battery, mobile processor,
DRAM, and camera, but price will be the most important factor for consumers,"
the analyst said in an investment report.

By Kim Young-won (wone0102@heraldcorp.c

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             141 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            July 13, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung forecasts best profits in two years on strong Galaxy S7 sales

LENGTH: 450 words


Samsung Electronics expects to report its best quarterly results in more than
two years in the second quarter of this year thanks to the sustained popularity
of its flagship Galaxy S7 smartphones, the company said Thursday.

The world's largest smartphone maker by shipments estimated an operating income
of 8.1 trillion won ($6.9 billion) for the latest quarter, a 17 percent increase
from the 6.9 trillion won posted a year ago.

Its revenue is also likely to increase 3 percent year-on-year to around 50
trillion won, the company said in its earnings guidance.

Up until May, the prevailing market expectation was that Samsung would likely
stop short of reaching 7.5 trillion won in operating profits in the April-June
period. But, the forecast has been revised up in recent weeks as Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 Edge, which were rolled out in March, witnesses strong sales, as well
as a brisk increase in demand for its home appliances ahead of the summer
season.

"Samsung Electronics' earnings beat market expectations due to the strong
performances in smartphone and consumer electronics," said Lee Jae-yoon, an
analyst from Yuanta Securities Korea.

Industry experts forecast the company's information technology and mobile
division posted operating profits of more than 4 trillion won in the second
quarter, passing the 4 trillion won mark for the first time in eight quarters.

Operating profits were buoyed by high sales of the Galaxy S7 Edge, which
accounted for more than half the total sales of the Galaxy S7 series, according
to industry watchers. The price of the Galaxy S7 Edge, which costs around
920,000 won, is 10 percent more expensive than the Galaxy S7, which sells for
830,000 won.

Accumulative sales of the Galaxy S7 is expected to be around 260 million units
-- with around 160 million units sold in the second quarter.

Samsung Electronics' solid earnings are expected to continue in the second half
of the year despite the rollout of Apple's new iPhone 7 due to steady sales of
in its semiconductor and display divisions

"The potential sales decline in smartphones will be offset by improving earnings
of the semiconductor and display sectors," said Song Myung-sub, an analyst of HI
Investment & Securities.

The shipments of 3D NAND is expected to rise as there are high expectations on
the third generation 3D NAND Flash, which began mass production late last year.
Currently, Samsung is a major player in the 3D NAND Flash sector mainly used for
solid-state disk drive.

As for the display sector, the LCD segment, which saw a massive loss in the
first half, is expected to turn around thanks to high yield and rising LCD
prices, according to market watchers.

By Shin Ji-hye (shinjh@heraldcorp.c

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             142 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             July 7, 2016 Thursday

Samsung forecasts best profits in two years on strong Galaxy S7 sales

LENGTH: 449 words


Samsung Electronics expects to report its best quarterly results in more than
two years in the second quarter of this year thanks to the sustained popularity
of its flagship Galaxy S7 smartphones, the company said Thursday.

The world's largest smartphone maker by shipments estimated an operating income
of 8.1 trillion won ($6.9 billion) for the latest quarter, a 17 percent increase
from the 6.9 trillion won posted a year ago.

Its revenue is also likely to increase 3 percent year-on-year to around 50
trillion won, the company said in its earnings guidance.

Up until May, the prevailing market expectation was that Samsung would likely
stop short of reaching 7.5 trillion won in operating profits in the April-June
period. But, the forecast has been revised up in recent weeks as Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 Edge, which were rolled out in March, witnesses strong sales, as well
as a brisk increase in demand for its home appliances ahead of the summer
season.

"Samsung Electronics' earnings beat market expectations due to the strong
performances in smartphone and consumer electronics," said Lee Jae-yoon, an
analyst from Yuanta Securities Korea.

Industry experts forecast the company's information technology and mobile
division posted operating profits of more than 4 trillion won in the second
quarter, passing the 4 trillion won mark for the first time in eight quarters.

Operating profits were buoyed by high sales of the Galaxy S7 Edge, which
accounted for more than half the total sales of the Galaxy S7 series, according
to industry watchers. The price of the Galaxy S7 Edge, which costs around
920,000 won, is 10 percent more expensive than the Galaxy S7, which sells for
830,000 won.

Accumulative sales of the Galaxy S7 is expected to be around 260 million units
-- with around 160 million units sold in the second quarter.

Samsung Electronics' solid earnings are expected to continue in the second half
of the year despite the rollout of Apple's new iPhone 7 due to steady sales of
in its semiconductor and display divisions

"The potential sales decline in smartphones will be offset by improving earnings
of the semiconductor and display sectors," said Song Myung-sub, an analyst of HI
Investment & Securities.

The shipments of 3D NAND is expected to rise as there are high expectations on
the third generation 3D NAND Flash, which began mass production late last year.
Currently, Samsung is the only producer of the 3D NAND Flash mainly used for
solid-state disk drive.

As for the display sector, the LCD segment, which saw a massive loss in the
first half, is expected to turn around thanks to high yield and rising LCD
prices, according to market watchers.

By Shin Ji-hye (shinjh@heraldcorp.c

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             143 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                           November 2, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung offers free 'Battery-Pack' with Galaxy S7-Edge

SECTION: Vol. 08 No. 302

LENGTH: 361  words


Samsung Pakistan has launched a special offer to give a free 'Battery-Pack' to
every buyer of its premium smartphone device - the Galaxy S7 Edge. The Samsung
battery pack, with a 5200mAh capacity allows you to charge your Fast
Charge-compatible Samsung device from 0 to 50% in only 30 minutes. So now the
customers can enjoy this Fast-Charge technology on-the-go, as the Battery-Pack
can be recharged over and over.

With a universal USB port output, the Samsung Battery-Pack can also charge other
smartphones, tablets or electronics capable of charging via USB. This makes it
compatible with; Galaxy Note 4, Galaxy Note Edge, Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 active,
Galaxy S6 Edge, Galaxy S6 Edge+ and Galaxy Note5. When fully powered, this
Battery-Pack holds enough juice to charge these devices at least 1.5 times.

The Galaxy S7 Edge is a sleek and powerful device, equipped with a 3,600mAh
battery that lasts longer and also offers fast-charging  and  wireless-charging
features. This cutting-edge smartphone boasts a powerful 12.2 Mega Pixel primary
camera, with BRITECELL Sensors, along with an 8 MP Front facing camera with Dual
Video call feature. Its advanced camera captures more light to deliver high
quality images. The F1.7 lens on both sides of the phone and larger pixels on
the rear camera's image sensor allow for brighter and sharper images - even in
low light. The S7 Edge has pioneered the world's first dual-pixel sensor on a
smartphone camera. This proven technology, first introduced in a professional
DSLR camera, is now available in the Galaxy S7  and  S7-Edge.

The Galaxy S7 Edge runs on an Android v6.0 (Marshmallow Operating System).
Enriched with a powerful Octa-Core processor, Snapdragon 820 / Exynos 8890, 64
bit Chipset, it boasts a 4 GB RAM and 32/64/128 GB Internal Memory. It's 5.5
inch, Super-AMOLED display screen is enriched with Force Touch and TouchWIZ
user-interface (UI). The screen is protected by a virtually unbreakable 'Corning
Gorilla Glass 5' and promises complete 'Water  and  Dust Resistance' (IP68
standard). This smartphone features a Nano SIM and an endless array of the
world's most advanced Apps, including the 'Samsung Pay'.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                             144 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            July 13, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung Electronics forecasts best profits in two years

LENGTH: 469 words


[THE INVESTOR] Samsung Electronics expects to report its best quarterly results
in more than two years in the second quarter of this year thanks to the
sustained popularity of its flagship Galaxy S7 smartphones, the company said on
July 7.

The world's largest smartphone maker by shipments estimated an operating income
of 8.1 trillion won ($6.9 billion) for the latest quarter, a 17 percent increase
from the 6.9 trillion won posted a year ago.

Journalists take photos of Samsung`s Galaxy S7 phone at the launch event held in
Barcelona in February.

Its revenue is also likely to increase 3 percent year-on-year to around 50
trillion won, the company said in its earnings guidance.

Up until May, the prevailing market expectation was that Samsung would likely
stop short of reaching 7.5 trillion won in operating profits in the April-June
period. But, the forecast has been revised up in recent weeks as Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 Edge, which were rolled out in March, witnesses strong sales, as well
as a brisk increase in demand for its home appliances ahead of the summer
season.

"Samsung Electronics' earnings beat market expectations due to the strong
performances in smartphone and consumer electronics," said Lee Jae-yoon, an
analyst from Yuanta Securities Korea.

Industry experts forecast the company's information technology and mobile
division posted operating profits of more than 4 trillion won in the second
quarter, passing the 4 trillion won mark for the first time in eight quarters.

Operating profits were buoyed by high sales of the Galaxy S7 Edge, which
accounted for more than half the total sales of the Galaxy S7 series, according
to industry watchers. The price of the Galaxy S7 Edge, which costs around
920,000 won, is 10 percent more expensive than the Galaxy S7, which sells for
830,000 won.

Accumulative sales of the Galaxy S7 is expected to be around 260 million units
-- with around 160 million units sold in the second quarter.

Samsung Electronics' solid earnings are expected to continue in the second half
of the year despite the rollout of Apple's new iPhone 7 due to steady sales of
in its semiconductor and display divisions

"The potential sales decline in smartphones will be offset by improving earnings
of the semiconductor and display sectors," said Song Myung-sub, an analyst of HI
Investment & Securities.

The shipments of 3D NAND is expected to rise as there are high expectations on
the third generation 3D NAND Flash, which began mass production late last year.
Currently, Samsung is a major player in the 3D NAND Flash sector mainly used for
solid-state disk drive.

As for the display sector, the LCD segment, which saw a massive loss in the
first half, is expected to turn around thanks to high yield and rising LCD
prices, according to market watchers.

By Shin Ji-hye (shinjh@heraldcorp.c

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             145 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             July 7, 2016 Thursday

Samsung Electronics forecasts best profits in two years

LENGTH: 469 words


[THE INVESTOR] Samsung Electronics expects to report its best quarterly results
in more than two years in the second quarter of this year thanks to the
sustained popularity of its flagship Galaxy S7 smartphones, the company said on
July 7.

The world's largest smartphone maker by shipments estimated an operating income
of 8.1 trillion won ($6.9 billion) for the latest quarter, a 17 percent increase
from the 6.9 trillion won posted a year ago.

Journalists take photos of Samsung`s Galaxy S7 phone at the launch event held in
Barcelona in February.

Its revenue is also likely to increase 3 percent year-on-year to around 50
trillion won, the company said in its earnings guidance.

Up until May, the prevailing market expectation was that Samsung would likely
stop short of reaching 7.5 trillion won in operating profits in the April-June
period. But, the forecast has been revised up in recent weeks as Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 Edge, which were rolled out in March, witnesses strong sales, as well
as a brisk increase in demand for its home appliances ahead of the summer
season.

"Samsung Electronics' earnings beat market expectations due to the strong
performances in smartphone and consumer electronics," said Lee Jae-yoon, an
analyst from Yuanta Securities Korea.

Industry experts forecast the company's information technology and mobile
division posted operating profits of more than 4 trillion won in the second
quarter, passing the 4 trillion won mark for the first time in eight quarters.

Operating profits were buoyed by high sales of the Galaxy S7 Edge, which
accounted for more than half the total sales of the Galaxy S7 series, according
to industry watchers. The price of the Galaxy S7 Edge, which costs around
920,000 won, is 10 percent more expensive than the Galaxy S7, which sells for
830,000 won.

Accumulative sales of the Galaxy S7 is expected to be around 260 million units
-- with around 160 million units sold in the second quarter.

Samsung Electronics' solid earnings are expected to continue in the second half
of the year despite the rollout of Apple's new iPhone 7 due to steady sales of
in its semiconductor and display divisions

"The potential sales decline in smartphones will be offset by improving earnings
of the semiconductor and display sectors," said Song Myung-sub, an analyst of HI
Investment & Securities.

The shipments of 3D NAND is expected to rise as there are high expectations on
the third generation 3D NAND Flash, which began mass production late last year.
Currently, Samsung is the only producer of the 3D NAND Flash mainly used for
solid-state disk drive.

As for the display sector, the LCD segment, which saw a massive loss in the
first half, is expected to turn around thanks to high yield and rising LCD
prices, according to market watchers.

By Shin Ji-hye (shinjh@heraldcorp.c

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             146 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                              July 31, 2016 Sunday

Samsung phones win battery test

LENGTH: 413 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, July 31 -- Looking for a new handset and hoping to base your
purchasing decision on the back of a phone's battery life credentials?

Samsung's battery test 2016 was won by Samsung phones.

Samsung's German division has posted a new video on YouTube that compares the
battery life of seven of the latest flagship smartphones, including the Samsung
Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge. Also competing are the LG G5, the Huawei P9, the
Sony Xperia X, the HTC 10, and the iPhone 6S.

The test is a simple battery rundown, where all of the phones are charged to
full, given a task, and set against the clock. The phones die one by one until
there's a winner, which in this case turned out to be the Samsung Galaxy S7.
Here are the times, from worst to best, in HH:MM:SS format:

LG G5 (2,800mAh) - 06:31:49

Huawei P9 (3,000mAh) - 06:51:43

Sony Xperia X (2,620mAh) - 07:15:35

HTC 10 (3,000mAh) - 08:00:03

Apple iPhone 6S (1,715mAh) - 08:13:57

Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge (3,600mAh) - 10:30:1

Samsung Galaxy S7 (3,000mAh) - 10:59:11

So it's clear that Samsung's Galaxy S7 is the winner by a decent margin. But
what's more interesting is comparing these rankings to a list of the same phones
ordered by the capacity of their batteries, from lowest to highest:

Apple iPhone 6S - 1,715mAh

Sony Xperia X - 2,620mAh

LG G5 - 2,800mAh

Huawei P9 - 3,000mAh

HTC 10 - 3,000mAh

Samsung Galaxy S7 - 3,000mAh

Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge - 3,600mAh

When you look at this way, some other observations become obvious. For instance,
the Huawei P9 has a bigger battery than three of the phones, and the same
battery as three of the phones, and yet it came second to last in the battery
tests, suggesting sub-par optimisation.

Perhaps the biggest achievement is the Apple iPhone 6S, which came second only
to the Samsung phones in terms of battery performance, despite having the
smallest cell by far. That's no surprise, mind.

The iPhone always performs well for battery life compared to battery size due to
the optimisation of its software and hardware - Apple designs one OS for one
phone, and builds its chip to suit that OS.

It's also worth noting that display pixel density has a significant effect on
battery life, and the iPhone 6S has the lowest screen resolution of all the
phones on the list, according to news agencies.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                             147 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

Galaxy S7 tops Consumer Reports smartphone pick

LENGTH: 198 words


Samsung Electronics' latest high-end smartphone, the Galaxy S7, on Wednesday
earned the top rating by a leading U.S. magazine for its cameras and other
features.

"These new models aren't just Samsung's best smartphones, but, perhaps, the best
smartphones. And they now sit atop our ratings," said Consumer Reports.

Samsung Galaxy S7 (Yonhap)

The magazine cited features such as cameras, water resistance and processors as
the reason behind its favorable views.

"Our tests confirmed that the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge can handle immersion for up
to 30 minutes in 5 feet (1.5 meters) of water," it said. "The still images are
ultrasharp, and the camera did very well in low light."

Battery life lasted more than 24 hours of simulated talk time, more than twice
Apple's iPhone 6s, according to the magazine.

The Galaxy S7 edge, the Galaxy S7 offbeat version that is curved on both sides,
ranked second in the review, which was the first since the models went on sale
in South Korea two weeks ago.

Consumer Reports also said it has ranked the iPhone 6s seventh and LG's G4
fourth. The Galaxy S5 fell to second, the same rank as the S7 edge, ending two
years of dominance in the ratings.

(khnews@heraldcorp.c

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             148 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                             October 3, 2016 Monday

SAMSUNG GALAXY WINS SMARTPHONE CAMERA WAR WITH IPHONE

BYLINE: Ali Ahmed

SECTION: Vol. 52 No. 273

LENGTH: 293  words


It is the iPhone vs. Samsung season again, with both the company's new handsets
out; Apple's iPhone 7 and Samsung's Galaxy S7. Today though the focus of the
debate is the smart phones' cameras.

Its common knowledge now, that Apple has been dominating the smart-phone camera
market; so it can easily be said that it is surprising to see Galaxy S7 come out
on top. This marks the first instance a company has dethroned iPhone in terms of
phone camera performance. Naturally, great expectations awaited this year's
iPhone release.

It is needless to state that there are certain features that the iPhone has and
the S7 does not.

The big feature that the new iPhone has is a telephoto lens, which is a first as
far as phone cameras are concerned, which produces amazing bokeh effects.

However, in a one on one showdown the iPhone could not keep up with the Galaxy
S7, reported Business Insider.

In bright daylight, both the phone produced good quality images, but the iPhone
tended to over-expose the skies if it detected a human face or the like to
compensate for the skin tone whereas the S7 does not. Having a telephoto lens
zoomed-in photos are a win for the iPhone but the Galaxy S7 take the win by
having better aperture (f/1.7) - whereas the iPhone's is f/1.8 - which would
greatly improve macro photography also.

As far as sharpness is concerned the differences between the two phones is bare
minimal.

Points go to the Galaxy S7 as far as the auto focus feature is concerned, as the
iPhone takes a lot of time processing, lags and is less precise. In addition,
the Galaxy S7 has a more dynamic range than the iPhone has to offer which means
more shadow detail ergo better nighttime shooting.

Therefore, the verdict goes in favor of Galaxy S7, which wins this bout.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                             149 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Business and Financial Times (Ghana)

                            March 30, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung outdoors S7 range

LENGTH: 379  words


Source: Thomas Moore Adingo | B&FT Online | Ghana

Pacesetter of the smartphone industry Samsung Electronics has officially
launched its latest smartphones -- the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge -- onto the
Ghanaian market.

According to the company, the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge come with the latest
smartphone features and are by far the highest grade of phones in the world.

"At Samsung we have an unwavering commitment to improve consumer experience with
every device we introduce. Our latest addition to the Galaxy S range, the Galaxy
S7 and S7 Edge, have been carefully crafted to reset the rules of the smartphone
game.

"We are throwing the challenge out there for smartphone enthusiasts to rethink
what a phone can do, and all the answers lie in the new Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge,"
Jaspreet Singh, Director of IT and Mobile-Samsung Electronics West Africa, said
at the official launch in Accra.

With improved camera quality the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge are perfect for capturing
some of life's precious moments, especially in dark conditions.

The phones are also water and dust resistant and  can remain submerged in water
for up to 30 minutes and at a depth of five feet without damage being caused to
the phones' design and functionality. Aside from that, they also come with a
thrilling feature that allows pictures and videos to be taken under water.

Other features include fast charging time with long-lasting battery power, Gear
VR which gives a whole new definition, a 200 gigabyte microSD card slot, a smart
wristwatch connected to the phone that can be used to reply to messages, screen
insurance -- two times every year plus a shopping discount of up to 15 percent
at 20 different shops throughout the country.

The Marketing Manager IM Division-Samsung Ghana, Tracy Kyei, noted the phones
were developed to give smartphone enthusiasts unlimited possibilities with
regard to what their phone can do.

"For us at Samsung, there is nothing that delights us more than giving customers
quality products that meet their needs. The S7 and S7 Edge came about as a
result of feedback from customers about what they wanted from a smartphone. This
is best smartphone available in any part of the world today," she added.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/630/1800/77/145942082217.jpg

Samsung outdoors S7 range

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1800


                  Copyright 2016 Business and Financial Times.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             150 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                     February 18, 2016 Thursday 3:21 PM GMT

Samsung Galaxy S7 release date, specs and price rumours: nine things to expect
from the launch, from water resistance to free Gear VR headsets;
The iPhone's biggest rival is due for an imminent upgrade

BYLINE: Ben Travis

SECTION: TECH AND GAMING

LENGTH: 564 words


The announcement of the new Samsung Galaxy smartphone is imminent, and there's
plenty of speculation around new features and specs.

With nothing concrete yet, anything scraps of information are merelyrumour for
now - but it could give a strongidea of what the S7 will bring.

Here are nine rumours and expectations for the Galaxy S7.

Read more

iPhone users warned of bug that will 'permanently kill' their phones

1) It's being announced on Feb 21 at 6pm

Launching new tech is a big deal nowadays, and the Samsung Galaxy S7 is expected
to be one of the juiciest reveals at Samsung's UNPACKED Event.

Tune in to a live stream of the show hereto catch the announcement as it
happens.

2) It's potentially arriving in March

With pre-orders taking place in late February and early March, it's expected
that the S7 will be released on March 11 in Europe.

3) There will likely be three new models

As with the S6, there are expected to be three versions of the S7. As well as
the standard model, supposedly with a 5.1" display, there'll be the S7 Edge,
boasting a 5.5" screen with curved edges, and the even bigger S7 Edge+ at 6".

It's expected that UNPACKED will reveal the S7 and the S7 Edge, with the Edge+
due to arrive later in the year.

4) It will probably come in three colours

Don't take everything you see on Twitter as gospel, but if there's any truth to
this supposed leak, expect a choice of black, silver, and gold when it comes to
the S7.

Eye candy. pic.twitter.com/sIJXMx9o8G

- Evan Blass (@evleaks) February 13, 2016

5) The price will be more competitive

According to Dutch website Tweakers, the Galaxy S7 will begin from (EURO)699.99,
which equates to £540. The same site pegs the S7 Edge price as (EURO)799.99,
which is (EURO)50 less than the launch price of the S6 Edge.

6) It might come with a free Gear VR headset

Now here's an exciting incentive to get in there early - it's rumoured that
pre-orders of the S7 will bundle in a free Samsung Gear VR headset.

The design of the virtual reality headgear allows Galaxy phones to be clipped
onto the front of the device.

7) It should be water resistant

Water damage can still be a killer for a lot of smartphones - but that could
change with the S7.

Rumours of water-resistance have been around for a while, and a video from
Samsung Mobile's Twitter feed strongly suggests that the new Galaxy will be
untroubled by splashes.

Change your idea of what a phone can handle on 2.21.16.
#TheNextGalaxyhttps://t.co/saU2TutJ5T

- Samsung Mobile (@SamsungMobile) February 17, 2016

8) It'll feature a bigger battery than the S6

The eternal smartphone battery battle continues - and the S7 is set to increase
the size from previous models. The new phone is expected to feature a 3,6000mAh
battery - a big step up from the 2,550mAh battery found in the S6.

Read more

Samsung's shock profit warning signals end of smartphone sales boom

Samsung delivers latest warning for the tech sector

Samsung unveils new smartphone and phablet

9) It should run the Android Marshmallow OS

Now that Android's Marshmallow OS has been confirmed to rollout on the S6, it's
thought that the S7 launch will include the same OS at launch.

How much of the information around the S7will prove to be true, and will Samsung
have any surprises in store? Tune in on Sunday to find out.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2016 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             151 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Samsung takes aim at S6 flak with S7 series

BYLINE: Lisabel Ting

SECTION: WORLD

LENGTH: 375 words


BARCELONA · Samsung has addressed the major criticisms levelled against its
current Galaxy S6 series with its upcoming Galaxy S7 and S7 edge smartphones.

The South Korean tech giant has reintroduced expandable storage - notably
missing in the Galaxy S6 and S6 edge - and ramped up battery life in the latest
models to recapture lost market share.

The new 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and the 5.5-inch S7 edge were unveiled yesterday, a
day before the start of the annual Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain.

Research firm Gartner said Samsung lost market share to Apple in the second
quarter of last year, due partly to the lack of expandable storage and the
mediocre battery life of Samsung's flagship S6 series.

Although still the top smartphone maker in the world, Samsung's share of the
global market slipped to 19.9 per cent in the second quarter of last year, from
26.2 per cent in the same period in 2014.

With the Galaxy S7 series, Samsung has also included a hybrid SIM card-storage
tray for holding either two SIM cards, or a SIM card and microSD storage card.
The device supports up to 200GB of additional storage.

The battery life of the upcoming new models has also been improved to 3,000 mAh
for the S7 and 3,600 mAh for the S7 edge. The S6 battery capacity is only 2,550
mAh, and the S6 edge, 2,600 mAh.

Samsung has also brought back features such as water resistance, last seen on
the Galaxy S5 series. The two new phones can be submerged 1m underwater for over
30 minutes.

Both phones will be available from the middle of next month.

Yesterday, Samsung also announced the Gear 360 for taking 360-degree pictures
and videos. While 360-degree cameras are not new, the Gear 360 is the first
attempt by a major phone maker.

The spherical device comes with two 15-megapixel fish-eye lenses placed back to
back for shooting both stills and videos. It has a microSD card slot for up to
128GB of additional storage. The camera does not have a viewfinder, but if
synced with selected Samsung smartphones, a real-time feed from the camera can
be seen on the phone's screen, and images and videos can be directly uploaded to
sites such as YouTube and Facebook.

The Gear 360 will be available from the second quarter of this year in selected
countries.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Samsung unveiled its new S7 (left) and S7 edge phones yesterday, a day
before the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             152 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung Galaxy S7, EDGE sale rises

SECTION: Vol. 26 No. 137

LENGTH: 121  words


The flagship devices Galaxy S7 and S7-EDGE from the world's largest smartphone
manufacturer Samsung are sold in greater quantities than the Apple's iPhone 6S
and 6S-Plus during a three-month period ending in May, a statement said on
Tuesday.

Almost 16 percent of customers preferred a Samsung Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7-Edge
on Apple's iPhone 6S and 6S-Plus and only 14.6 percent people purchased an
iPhone 6S or 6S-Plus during this period.

No doubt, it is a significant achievement for the South Korean smartphone
manufacturer, it said.

Apple's iPhone 6S and 6S-Plus were released in September last year, while the
Samsung's Galaxy S7 and S7-EDGE were announced in March this year with exciting
and attractive Virtual Reality offer.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved


                             153 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              birminghammail.co.uk

                       March 11, 2016 Friday 12:26 PM GMT

How much are Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge tariffs? Prices revealed for the new
smartphone as it goes on sale today;
Samsung's new smartphone is out now and here's where you can find the best
tariff deal for the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 119 words


If you've been eagerly anticipating the arrival of Samsung's Galaxy S7, the wait
is over as it's finally landed in stores today.

The new Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge have plenty of new features including a new
water-resistant design, an SD card slot for expandable memory, and a big enough
battery to watch 12 hours of HD video in a single charge.

Samsung S7 and S7 Edge

But if you want to get your hands on one and buy it outright, you'll be paying
£569 for a SIM-free S7, and the S7 Edge starts from £639 for a SIM-free
smartphone.

If you're going to take up a tariff and pay monthly though, you can spread out
the costs.

Here are the tariffs on offer at the leading UK networks.

O2

EE

Vodafone

Tesco Mobile

3

O2

EE

Vodafone

Tesco Mobile

3

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             154 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             chesterchronicle.co.uk

                       March 11, 2016 Friday 12:26 PM GMT

How much are Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge tariffs? Prices revealed for the new
smartphone as it goes on sale today;
Samsung's new smartphone is out now and here's where you can find the best
tariff deal for the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 119 words


If you've been eagerly anticipating the arrival of Samsung's Galaxy S7, the wait
is over as it's finally landed in stores today.

The new Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge have plenty of new features including a new
water-resistant design, an SD card slot for expandable memory, and a big enough
battery to watch 12 hours of HD video in a single charge.

Samsung S7 and S7 Edge

But if you want to get your hands on one and buy it outright, you'll be paying
£569 for a SIM-free S7, and the S7 Edge starts from £639 for a SIM-free
smartphone.

If you're going to take up a tariff and pay monthly though, you can spread out
the costs.

Here are the tariffs on offer at the leading UK networks.

O2

EE

Vodafone

Tesco Mobile

3

O2

EE

Vodafone

Tesco Mobile

3

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBCHEC


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             155 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              chroniclelive.co.uk

                       March 11, 2016 Friday 12:26 PM GMT

How much are Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge tariffs? Prices revealed for the new
smartphone as it goes on sale today;
Samsung's new smartphone is out now and here's where you can find the best
tariff deal for the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 119 words


If you've been eagerly anticipating the arrival of Samsung's Galaxy S7, the wait
is over as it's finally landed in stores today.

The new Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge have plenty of new features including a new
water-resistant design, an SD card slot for expandable memory, and a big enough
battery to watch 12 hours of HD video in a single charge.

Samsung S7 and S7 Edge

But if you want to get your hands on one and buy it outright, you'll be paying
£569 for a SIM-free S7, and the S7 Edge starts from £639 for a SIM-free
smartphone.

If you're going to take up a tariff and pay monthly though, you can spread out
the costs.

Here are the tariffs on offer at the leading UK networks.

O2

EE

Vodafone

Tesco Mobile

3

O2

EE

Vodafone

Tesco Mobile

3

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBNEC


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             156 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             coventrytelegraph.net

                       March 11, 2016 Friday 12:26 PM GMT

How much are Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge tariffs? Prices revealed for the new
smartphone as it goes on sale today;
Samsung's new smartphone is out now and here's where you can find the best
tariff deal for the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 119 words


If you've been eagerly anticipating the arrival of Samsung's Galaxy S7, the wait
is over as it's finally landed in stores today.

The new Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge have plenty of new features including a new
water-resistant design, an SD card slot for expandable memory, and a big enough
battery to watch 12 hours of HD video in a single charge.

Samsung S7 and S7 Edge

But if you want to get your hands on one and buy it outright, you'll be paying
£569 for a SIM-free S7, and the S7 Edge starts from £639 for a SIM-free
smartphone.

If you're going to take up a tariff and pay monthly though, you can spread out
the costs.

Here are the tariffs on offer at the leading UK networks.

O2

EE

Vodafone

Tesco Mobile

3

O2

EE

Vodafone

Tesco Mobile

3

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBET


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             157 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                dailypost.co.uk

                       March 11, 2016 Friday 12:26 PM GMT

How much are Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge tariffs? Prices revealed for the new
smartphone as it goes on sale today;
Samsung's new smartphone is out now and here's where you can find the best
tariff deal for the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 119 words


If you've been eagerly anticipating the arrival of Samsung's Galaxy S7, the wait
is over as it's finally landed in stores today.

The new Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge have plenty of new features including a new
water-resistant design, an SD card slot for expandable memory, and a big enough
battery to watch 12 hours of HD video in a single charge.

Samsung S7 and S7 Edge

But if you want to get your hands on one and buy it outright, you'll be paying
£569 for a SIM-free S7, and the S7 Edge starts from £639 for a SIM-free
smartphone.

If you're going to take up a tariff and pay monthly though, you can spread out
the costs.

Here are the tariffs on offer at the leading UK networks.

O2

EE

Vodafone

Tesco Mobile

3

O2

EE

Vodafone

Tesco Mobile

3

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDPNM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             158 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 examiner.co.uk

                       March 11, 2016 Friday 12:26 PM GMT

How much are Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge tariffs? Prices revealed for the new
smartphone as it goes on sale today;
Samsung's new smartphone is out now and here's where you can find the best
tariff deal for the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 119 words


If you've been eagerly anticipating the arrival of Samsung's Galaxy S7, the wait
is over as it's finally landed in stores today.

The new Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge have plenty of new features including a new
water-resistant design, an SD card slot for expandable memory, and a big enough
battery to watch 12 hours of HD video in a single charge.

Samsung S7 and S7 Edge

But if you want to get your hands on one and buy it outright, you'll be paying
£569 for a SIM-free S7, and the S7 Edge starts from £639 for a SIM-free
smartphone.

If you're going to take up a tariff and pay monthly though, you can spread out
the costs.

Here are the tariffs on offer at the leading UK networks.

O2

EE

Vodafone

Tesco Mobile

3

O2

EE

Vodafone

Tesco Mobile

3

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBHDE


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             159 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               gazettelive.co.uk

                       March 11, 2016 Friday 12:26 PM GMT

How much are Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge tariffs? Prices revealed for the new
smartphone as it goes on sale today;
Samsung's new smartphone is out now and here's where you can find the best
tariff deal for the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 119 words


If you've been eagerly anticipating the arrival of Samsung's Galaxy S7, the wait
is over as it's finally landed in stores today.

The new Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge have plenty of new features including a new
water-resistant design, an SD card slot for expandable memory, and a big enough
battery to watch 12 hours of HD video in a single charge.

Samsung S7 and S7 Edge

But if you want to get your hands on one and buy it outright, you'll be paying
£569 for a SIM-free S7, and the S7 Edge starts from £639 for a SIM-free
smartphone.

If you're going to take up a tariff and pay monthly though, you can spread out
the costs.

Here are the tariffs on offer at the leading UK networks.

O2

EE

Vodafone

Tesco Mobile

3

O2

EE

Vodafone

Tesco Mobile

3

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEGM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             160 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               gethampshire.co.uk

                       March 11, 2016 Friday 12:26 PM GMT

How much are Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge tariffs? Prices revealed for the new
smartphone as it goes on sale today;
Samsung's new smartphone is out now and here's where you can find the best
tariff deal for the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 119 words


If you've been eagerly anticipating the arrival of Samsung's Galaxy S7, the wait
is over as it's finally landed in stores today.

The new Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge have plenty of new features including a new
water-resistant design, an SD card slot for expandable memory, and a big enough
battery to watch 12 hours of HD video in a single charge.

Samsung S7 and S7 Edge

But if you want to get your hands on one and buy it outright, you'll be paying
£569 for a SIM-free S7, and the S7 Edge starts from £639 for a SIM-free
smartphone.

If you're going to take up a tariff and pay monthly though, you can spread out
the costs.

Here are the tariffs on offer at the leading UK networks.

O2

EE

Vodafone

Tesco Mobile

3

O2

EE

Vodafone

Tesco Mobile

3

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBHAMP


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             161 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                getreading.co.uk

                       March 11, 2016 Friday 12:26 PM GMT

How much are Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge tariffs? Prices revealed for the new
smartphone as it goes on sale today;
Samsung's new smartphone is out now and here's where you can find the best
tariff deal for the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 119 words


If you've been eagerly anticipating the arrival of Samsung's Galaxy S7, the wait
is over as it's finally landed in stores today.

The new Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge have plenty of new features including a new
water-resistant design, an SD card slot for expandable memory, and a big enough
battery to watch 12 hours of HD video in a single charge.

Samsung S7 and S7 Edge

But if you want to get your hands on one and buy it outright, you'll be paying
£569 for a SIM-free S7, and the S7 Edge starts from £639 for a SIM-free
smartphone.

If you're going to take up a tariff and pay monthly though, you can spread out
the costs.

Here are the tariffs on offer at the leading UK networks.

O2

EE

Vodafone

Tesco Mobile

3

O2

EE

Vodafone

Tesco Mobile

3

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBREAD


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             162 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                getsurrey.co.uk

                       March 11, 2016 Friday 12:26 PM GMT

How much are Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge tariffs? Prices revealed for the new
smartphone as it goes on sale today;
Samsung's new smartphone is out now and here's where you can find the best
tariff deal for the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 119 words


If you've been eagerly anticipating the arrival of Samsung's Galaxy S7, the wait
is over as it's finally landed in stores today.

The new Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge have plenty of new features including a new
water-resistant design, an SD card slot for expandable memory, and a big enough
battery to watch 12 hours of HD video in a single charge.

Samsung S7 and S7 Edge

But if you want to get your hands on one and buy it outright, you'll be paying
£569 for a SIM-free S7, and the S7 Edge starts from £639 for a SIM-free
smartphone.

If you're going to take up a tariff and pay monthly though, you can spread out
the costs.

Here are the tariffs on offer at the leading UK networks.

O2

EE

Vodafone

Tesco Mobile

3

O2

EE

Vodafone

Tesco Mobile

3

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBSUR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             163 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              liverpoolecho.co.uk

                       March 11, 2016 Friday 12:26 PM GMT

How much are Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge tariffs? Prices revealed for the new
smartphone as it goes on sale today;
Samsung's new smartphone is out now and here's where you can find the best
tariff deal for the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 119 words


If you've been eagerly anticipating the arrival of Samsung's Galaxy S7, the wait
is over as it's finally landed in stores today.

The new Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge have plenty of new features including a new
water-resistant design, an SD card slot for expandable memory, and a big enough
battery to watch 12 hours of HD video in a single charge.

Samsung S7 and S7 Edge

But if you want to get your hands on one and buy it outright, you'll be paying
£569 for a SIM-free S7, and the S7 Edge starts from £639 for a SIM-free
smartphone.

If you're going to take up a tariff and pay monthly though, you can spread out
the costs.

Here are the tariffs on offer at the leading UK networks.

O2

EE

Vodafone

Tesco Mobile

3

O2

EE

Vodafone

Tesco Mobile

3

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBLIV


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             164 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          manchestereveningnews.co.uk

                       March 11, 2016 Friday 12:26 PM GMT

How much are Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge tariffs? Prices revealed for the new
smartphone as it goes on sale today;
Samsung's new smartphone is out now and here's where you can find the best
tariff deal for the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 119 words


If you've been eagerly anticipating the arrival of Samsung's Galaxy S7, the wait
is over as it's finally landed in stores today.

The new Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge have plenty of new features including a new
water-resistant design, an SD card slot for expandable memory, and a big enough
battery to watch 12 hours of HD video in a single charge.

Samsung S7 and S7 Edge

But if you want to get your hands on one and buy it outright, you'll be paying
£569 for a SIM-free S7, and the S7 Edge starts from £639 for a SIM-free
smartphone.

If you're going to take up a tariff and pay monthly though, you can spread out
the costs.

Here are the tariffs on offer at the leading UK networks.

O2

EE

Vodafone

Tesco Mobile

3

O2

EE

Vodafone

Tesco Mobile

3

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGMWNGMANC


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             165 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                       March 11, 2016 Friday 12:26 PM GMT

How much are Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge tariffs? Prices revealed for the new
smartphone as it goes on sale today;
Samsung's new smartphone is out now and here's where you can find the best
tariff deal for the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 119 words


If you've been eagerly anticipating the arrival of Samsung's Galaxy S7, the wait
is over as it's finally landed in stores today.

The new Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge have plenty of new features including a new
water-resistant design, an SD card slot for expandable memory, and a big enough
battery to watch 12 hours of HD video in a single charge.

Samsung S7 and S7 Edge

But if you want to get your hands on one and buy it outright, you'll be paying
£569 for a SIM-free S7, and the S7 Edge starts from £639 for a SIM-free
smartphone.

If you're going to take up a tariff and pay monthly though, you can spread out
the costs.

Here are the tariffs on offer at the leading UK networks.

O2

EE

Vodafone

Tesco Mobile

3

O2

EE

Vodafone

Tesco Mobile

3

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             166 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       Sunshine Coast Daily (Queensland)

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday

New Samsung Galaxy is out of this world

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 384  words



HIGHLIGHT: Australian Regional Media's gadgets editor, Mark Furler, put the new
Samsung Galaxy S7 edge phone to the test ahead of its release on Friday


FROM the dim interiors of churches in Barcelona to the candlelight of my
daughter's 18th birthday, Samsung's Galaxy S7 blitzed the low-light camera test.

The S7 and S7 edge were launched in Spain with promises of an even better camera
than the S6.

So far, we haven't been disappointed.

The secret is a new F1.7 lens on both sides of the camera and larger pixels on
the rear camera that let more light in.

In a very dimly lit restaurant, it easily captured the smiling faces of my
daughter and her three closest friends.

Focus is definitely faster on the S7, thanks to its dual pixel sensor - the
first on a smartphone camera. It uses 100% of the pixels for detection.

New features of the camera also include a new motion panorama through swiping
the screen or tilting the device.

Samsung is well known for taking pretty flattering selfies. The front display is
used as the front flash, while an additional glow can be added to the face with
spotlight in beauty mode.

The overall look and feel of the phone has certainly taken a big step forward.
The curved edges make for a super sleek phone that looks good, feels great in
the hand and is slim in the pocket.

The 5.1" Galaxy S7 and 5.5" Galaxy S7 edge combine 3D glass and metal, while the
curves were perfected through a proprietary process called 3D Thermoforming. The
end result is not unlike a finely crafted surfboard.

A great party tricks of the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge is to plonk it in a glass of
liquid. As it's completely sealed from within, it is water and dust resistant
and can survive in up to 1.5 metres of water for 30 minutes.

It also comes with expandable storage of an extra 200GB through the microSD card
slot.

One of my favourite features of the phone is the always-on display, which can be
customised to show information such as the time, date and the number of unread
text messages.

The Galaxy S7 edge also offers quick access to your most frequently used apps,
functions and tasks through a right-hand-side drop of quick icons.

For gamers, there's a lot to love about the S7. The CPU is 30% faster, graphics
performance is up more than 60%, and a new internal cooling system keeps the
device from overheating.

The S7 is shaping up as the phone to beat in 2016.

The writer was a guest of Samsung Australia at Mobile World Congress in
Barcelona.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SCN


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             167 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                             March 22, 2016 Tuesday

Telenor Pakistan becomes exclusive launch partner for Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7
Edge

SECTION: Vol. 26 No. 19

LENGTH: 234  words


Enriching its portfolio of powerful 3G-enabled handsets, Telenor Pakistan in
collaboration with Samsung has exclusively launched the highly anticipated
Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge smartphones.  As a Telenor-exclusive first-come
first-served offer, any customer who buys S7 or S7 Edge on cash from Telenor
gets a free Gear VR. The deal also features exclusive Telenor prepaid and
postpaid bundle offers for Samsung users.

The smartphones can be purchased at any Telenor Sales  and  Service Center
across the country for a price of PKR 79,000 and PKR 89,000 for Samsung Galaxy
S7 and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge respectively. Some of the phones' key features
include5.1/5.5 inches super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, dual-core 2.15 GHz
Kryo and  dual-core 1.6 GHz Kryo CPU, and 32/64 GB internal memory that's
expandable up to 200 GB through microSD card.

Expressing his views on partnership, Irfan Wahab Khan, Deputy CEO and CMO,
Telenor Pakistan, said: Our twofold strategy for larger digital inclusion in
Pakistan comprises developing device ecosystem and bringing innovative digital
products/services to our customers. Our collaboration with Samsung to
exclusively launch Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge in Pakistan serves both parts of our
strategy as the new handsets make our device portfolio richer while delivering
the best user experience through exclusive prepaid and postpaid bundle offers
that are a part of the deal.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved


                             168 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            January 26, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung employee leaks Galaxy S7 details

LENGTH: 243  words


By tbreak Staff -

A recent leak from a Samsung employee spilled some beans on what to expect from
the Galaxy S7.

For starters, Samsung will bring back some of the features from the Galaxy S5
into the S7. The S7 will be waterproof and dust proof, and will also have
expandable memory, which Samsung aims to achieve through a hybrid dual SIM card
tray. These trays allow users to choose between having either one SIM and one
microSD card or two SIM cards instead. Removable batteries will still not be
there, but it could lead to a higher capacity battery.

Samsung will also be downgrading the megapixel count of its rear camera. Instead
of the 16 megapixels like on the Galaxy S6, the S7 will come with 12 megapixels.
However, the camera will come with a larger aperture, around f/1.7, and a better
quality sensor. It will also come with a dual pixel auto focus like some DSLRs.
The change is to shift focus from just the megapixel count to other factors as
well. The camera hump on the back will also be gone.

The Galaxy S7 and the Galaxy S7 Edge won't have the same sizes this time. The
flagship will measure 5.1 inches, but the edge variant will measure 5.5 inches,
thus putting it somewhere between the Galaxy S7 and edge+ variant.

However, these are the words of an unverified Samsung employee, so take this
news with caution. However, Android and Samsung fans might probably wish these
turn out to be true.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/35/145390189025.jpg



LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             169 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                                 March 26, 2016

Samsung Introduces New Smart Phones

BYLINE: Nahimah Ajikanle Nurudeen

LENGTH: 234 words

DATELINE: Lagos


Samsung has launched the new Galaxy S7 Edge and S7 smart phones in Nigeria.

The devices which were formally unveiled at an elaborate launch in Lagos are a
blend of premium components with the most advanced Samsung technology.

Managing Director of Samsung Electronics West Africa, Mr. Paul Lee, said the new
smart phones are imbued with intelligent cameras, and have set a new industry
standard for design, craftsmanship and performance.

He noted that the new Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge highlight the most refined phone
experience ever by combining the latest technology that users expect from
Samsung's Galaxy series.

Lee reiterated the company's commitment to fulfilling its brand promise of
inspiring the world and the future by bringing new and outstanding innovations
to the doorsteps of consumers. "Our innovative technology has adequately
captured customers' aspirations and desires," he said.

On the devices design, Lee said the Galaxy S7 has a 5.1-inch display screen,
while the Galaxy S7 Edge has a 5.5-inch screen.

He said they both feature Super AMOLED display, allowing for clearer videos and
images with a resolution of 2560 x 1440 (Quad HD).

Director of Samsung Electronics West Africa's Information technology and Mobile
Division, Emmanouil Revmatas, described the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge as devices
that draw the line between the smart phones that are currently available in the
market and what comes next.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             170 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            August 3, 2016 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Samsung's Note7 pre-empts Apple;
REVIEW

BYLINE: John Davidson is in New York as a guest of Samsung.

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 658 words


Borrowing a trick or two from its wildly successful Galaxy S7 smartphone,
Samsung has launched the latest version of its productivity-oriented Galaxy Note
phone, bringing the S7's camera, its expandable storage, its water resistance
and its impressive technical specs over to the bigger, more expensive sibling.

Even the model number of the new Note, the Note7, is borrowed from the S7. The
Note line of phones, which helped drive the popularity of oversized-screen
phones when it was first launched in 2011, is only up to its sixth edition, but
Samsung says it decided to skip that model number in order to bring the Note7's
name into line with the S7.

The move, which was widely rumoured ahead of today's launch, is also thought to
be designed to help the Note7 compete with the iPhone 7, expected to be launched
by Apple in coming weeks.

The Note7, which will go on sale in Australia on August 19 for $1349, is
Samsung's most expensive phone, costing $100 more than the curved Galaxy S7 edge
and $200 more than the flat-screened Galaxy S7.

To help minimise the sticker shock and spur early demand, Samsung says it will
bundle a $399, 256GB memory card with the Note7, for anyone who pre-orders it
starting August 5.

While the camera in the Note7 may have been upgraded to use the same, 12MP
module that first appeared (to widespread acclaim) on the Galaxy S7, while it
may now have room for an memory expansion card just like the S7 (which for many
users will be the single biggest improvement in the device), while it may now be
rated to withstand a 30-minute dip in one metre of water just like the S7, and
while the Note7's processor has likewise been upgraded to the same 2.3GHz
octacore processor that's used by some S7 models, plenty of differences still
remain between Samsung's two flagship phones.

The Note7 retains its unique stylus, which allows users to write on the screen
as if they were taking notes with a pen on paper (hence the name of the device).
Indeed, Samsung says the stylus is now more pen-like than ever, with a smaller
tip that's closer in size and feel to a ballpoint pen.

New features have been added to the stylus, too, and it can now be used to
magnify portions on the screen, or to translate text from one language to
another, simply by hovering the electronic pen above the surface of the screen.

Samsung has also added an infrared retina scanner to the Note7, which it says is
significantly more secure than the fingerprint scanner that's on the Galaxy S7,
though that fingerprint scanner is also on the Note7.

And in what might prove to be a controversial move, the flat screen on the Note5
has been changed on the Note7, so it now has curves on the left and right edges
similar to the curves on the S7 edge. But the Note7's curve is more gentle than
the curve on the S7 edge, and Samsung officials say that should overcome the
complaint that it's too easy to accidentally activate the edge's touch-sensitive
screen when the phone is held in hand.

While Galaxy S owners can have a glass surface that curves either on the front
(in the case of the S7 edge) or the back (in the case of the flat-screen S7),
Note7 owners will get a phone that curves on both the back and the front.

Samsung says the back of the Note7 has the exact same curved glass on it as the
front of the Note7, which not only makes the phone feel slimmer in the hand, it
also decreases the manufacturing cost of the phone: using the same glass back
and front increased the simplicity and the yield of the complex glass-pressing
technology that's required to press the bent glass.

In keeping with that symmetrical design, the Note7 now uses a USB-C cable rather
than the micro USB cable that Samsung has used in its previous phones, meaning
that users no longer have to worry which way they orient their cable when trying
to plug it in.

USB-C cables are symmetrical top to bottom, and go in either way. They're also
capable of much faster data connections.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The Note7 retains its unique stylus, which allows users to write
on the screen as if they were taking notes with a pen on paper.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             171 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                     September 22, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Report: Samsung may announce its next flagship handsets in Feb. 2016

BYLINE: Paul Gardner

LENGTH: 270  words


According to a Yibada website report, bigwig South Korean device maker Samsung's
new flagship handsets will likely be introduced in February 2016. The unveiling
of the new Samsung flagship smartphones will likely come at the MWC 2016 event,
which is scheduled to be held from February 22 to February 25.

As per the report, the next Samsung flagship handsets are presently called
Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Plus smartphones. The new handsets will the
much-anticipated successors of the company's current flagships - the Galaxy S6
and the Galaxy S6 Edge.

The report has hinted that the features and specifications of Samsung's Galaxy
S7 and Galaxy S7 Plus handsets will reportedly be similar to Apple's new iPhone
6S and iPhone 6S Plus devices.

Going by the Yibada report, the Samsung Galaxy S7 devices will make use of
magnesium alloy, to ensure greater durability of the smartphone's body.
Highlighting the fact that magnesium alloy is "one of the best materials in
dissipating heat," the report said that the same concept used by Apple in its
iPhones.

The Yibada report also said that the Galaxy S7 will be "powered by Snapdragon
820 chipset, contrary to the previous reports that the handset will be equipped
with Exynos 8890 processor;" and added alongside: "It is still early to say that
this is final as it is possible that the tech company is testing both
processors."

Technology (http://uncovermichigan.com/business/technology)Samsung
(http://uncovermichigan.com/company/samsung)South Korea
(http://uncovermichigan.com/region/south-korea)

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             172 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                             March 22, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7-Edge launched

SECTION: Vol. 30 No. 19

LENGTH: 195  words


Samsung held a grand launch ceremony the other day to announce the launch of
Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge, at Samsung Imax in Lahore. The entire area of
Samsung IMAX was turned into a new-age technology experience zone where people
could interact with the most powerful smartphones till date.

Samsung recently closed the pre-orders of Galaxy S7edge and Galaxy S7 where 70%
of the smartphones were pre-ordered within the first day of pre-order
announcement by Samsung. Samsung has seen overwhelming response and interest of
people in the newly launched powerful smartphones.

The advanced camera on Galaxy S7edge and Galaxy S7 captures more light to
deliver high quality images. The F1.7 lens on both sides of the phone and larger
pixels on the rear camera's image sensor allow for brighter and sharper images -
even in low light. It offers the world's first dual pixel sensor on a smartphone
camera, using 100% of the pixel on the Dual Pixel sensor for phase detection.
Each pixel has two photodiodes that capture light independently to enhance the
detection even in the dark. The camera also has the Motion Panorama, Hyperlapse
video mode, Selfie flash and spotlight features.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             173 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   News Point

                            March 16, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung Galaxy S7 actually costs Rs 15,750 but priced at Rs 48,900

LENGTH: 177 words

DATELINE: India


India, March 16 -- Samsung has recently launched its much anticipated flagship
smartphones Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge in India. The Galaxy S7 is priced at Rs
48,900 for 32GB version while Galaxy S7 Edge is available at a price of Rs
56,900 (32GB). However, a Times of India report, quoting market analyst IHS,
said that the actual price of the phone roughly comes at approximately Rs
15,750. This price is exclusive of "costs related to software research, R&D,
marketing, distribution among other taxes and charges" it said. The Samsung
Galaxy S7 runs on an Octa core (2.3GHz Quad + 1.6GHz Quad), 64 bit processor and
has a 4GB RAM. As per the IHS report, the phone's Qualcomm's Snapdragon 820
chipset is estimated to cost $62, camera module comes at around $14 while the
overall assembly charge is around $6. It states that Galaxy S7's total bill
would not exceed $255.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from News Point. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                          Copyright 2016 NewsPoint TV
                              All Rights Reserved


                             174 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Saudi Gazette

                             March 11, 2016 Friday

Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 edge available for pre-booking at axiom stores

LENGTH: 552  words


SAMSUNG'S latest flagship smartphone - the Galaxy S7 - is now available for
pre-booking at axiom stores across Saudi Arabia.

The latest release by the Korean mobile maker is set to offer the Kingdom's tech
aficionados a refined mobile experience through enhanced features and
unequivocal performance. The smartphones can only be pre-ordered from axiom
stores starting from SR200, with release scheduled for March 18.

Customers can also pre-book the devices online at www.axiomtelecom.com by paying
the full amount - SR2,399 for the 32 GB Galaxy S7 and SR2,749 for the 32 GB S7
edge.

With a limited stock allocation available for the first few weeks, and the S7
series expected to follow its predecessor and be a massive seller, axiom is
advising its customers in Saudi Arabia to book their orders as soon as possible.

What's more, the first 1,500 customers will receive a complimentary Samsung Gear
VR - a virtual reality headset that enables users to enjoy a sensory stimulated
mobile experience, as well as a free 64 GB memory card.

"Saudis today are more tech savvy than ever, and they require a smartphone that
can keep up with their fast-paced lifestyle and passion for sharing special
moments," said Faisal Al Bannai, managing director at axiom.

"The Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge combines power, speed, and functionality to
deliver a truly unique mobile experience. We are delighted to be the first
reseller to offer these highly coveted devices to the Saudi market," Al Bannai
added.

The Galaxy S7 series injects flawless engineering and ergonomic design in every
aspect of the smartphone's form and function, giving users the slimmest feel
without compromising the size of the screen. The elegantly curved front and back
fits in the palm just right, making it as beautiful to look at, as it is to use.

Boasting a screen size of 5.1 inches (S7) or 5.5 inches (the S7 edge), the
smartphones' crystal clear display allows users to engage in a lifelike
multimedia experience, with vivid colors and pixel-perfect images.

The series also features the first smartphone camera to have a
professional-grade Dual Pixel Sensor, enabling users to take crisp, clear photos
in the dark. At 12 MP and with motion panorama and motion picture capability,
the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge camera ensures no precious memory goes uncaptured,
whether in the day or night.

The phones' incredibly fast processors and 4GB RAM keeps everything running
smooth even when running at full capacity, while the battery keeps you going for
longer without heating up. From launching apps to playing games and streaming
video, everything happens faster and more smoothly than ever.

And with both a water and dust resistant body, S7 and S7 edge owners can take
their smartphone wherever they go, be it in the rain, in the shower, or the pool
- up to 1.5 meters under. Samsung has also worked out how to completely seal off
the inside component while keeping micro USB ports and earphone jacks open,
providing added convenience.

axiom customers can also benefit from the reseller's exclusive value-added
services, including 60-Second Data Transfer, Trade-in offers, and the recently
launched paid-for Damage Insurance, Mobile Security, and 3-years Extended
Warranty services.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/511/1526/34/145773502584.jpg

Samsung Galaxy S7 edge with Gear

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1526


                       Copyright 2016 The Saudi Gazette.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             175 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                              July 25, 2016 Monday

Samsung S7, S7 Edge overtake Apple's iPhone

SECTION: Vol. 27 No. 205

LENGTH: 218  words


The flagship devices Galaxy S7 and S7-EDGE from the world's largest smartphone
manufacturer Samsung are sold in greater quantities than the Apple's iPhone 6S
and 6S-Plus during a three-month period ending in May. Almost 16 per cent of
customers preferred a Samsung Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7-Edge on Apple's iPhone 6S
and 6S-Plus and only 14.6 per cent people purchased an iPhone 6S or 6S-Plus
during this period. No doubt, it is a significant achievement for the South
Korean smartphone manufacturer.

Apple's iPhone 6S and 6S-Plus were released in September last year while the
Samsung's Galaxy S7 and S7-EDGE were announced in March this year with exciting
and attractive Virtual Reality (VR) offer.

But, the bad news for Samsung is that Apple is still dominating the customer
satisfaction ranking. 88 per cent of Apple's customers stick to the iPhone and
don't change their brand. On the other hand, 86 per cent of Samsung's customers
intend to stay loyal. Fourteen per cent of the people who purchase Apple's
iPhone devices used Samsung previously. Only 5 per cent of the Samsung's sales
came from people switching away from Apple. The reason for this difference is
the fact that people get a lot of options available when they decide to change
Apple's iOS-based device with the Google's Android-based gadget.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                             176 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 EDGE wins 'Best Smartphone Camera Award' in Europe.

SECTION: Vol. 21 No. 248

LENGTH: 248  words


The innovative camera featured on Samsung's flagship duo - Galaxy S7 and S7-Edge
has won the 'Best Product Award' for 'European Smartphone Camera 2016-17',
presented at the prestigious ceremony of 'European Imaging  and  Sound
Association' (EISA) awards.

The President of Samsung Pakistan - Mr. J. H. Lee expressed that; 'It is
delightful to receive this prestigious European award and the remarkable
consumer-response to these high-performance devices around the world. These
products are created to be the front-runners in 'The Next Galaxy' offerings.'

He said this revolutionary camera is capable of an amazing performance in
practically every shooting environment. The Dual Pixel Sensor boasts 12
megapixels with extended size that speed up the process of auto-focusing, using
phase detection. The brighter f/1.7 lens captures more light and makes the
camera capable of highly detailed and beautiful pictures even in the dark.

President said that camera software of the Galaxy S7 / S7 was also provided with
a Pro mode for those occasions when manual settings are required for highly
creative and professional-looking photographs. Previously, such fascinating
technologies like The Motion Panorama, Hyper-lapse video mode, Selfie flash and
spotlight features were not available.

He urged that Samsung had shipped well over 17.2 million Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7
Edge units around the globe, within the first month after launch. In Pakistan,
both these products were also launched in March 2016.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                             177 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 EDGE wins 'Best Smartphone Camera Award' in Europe.

SECTION: Vol. 08 No. 248

LENGTH: 248  words


The innovative camera featured on Samsung's flagship duo - Galaxy S7 and S7-Edge
has won the 'Best Product Award' for 'European Smartphone Camera 2016-17',
presented at the prestigious ceremony of 'European Imaging  and  Sound
Association' (EISA) awards.

The President of Samsung Pakistan - Mr. J. H. Lee expressed that; 'It is
delightful to receive this prestigious European award and the remarkable
consumer-response to these high-performance devices around the world. These
products are created to be the front-runners in 'The Next Galaxy' offerings.'

He said this revolutionary camera is capable of an amazing performance in
practically every shooting environment. The Dual Pixel Sensor boasts 12
megapixels with extended size that speed up the process of auto-focusing, using
phase detection. The brighter f/1.7 lens captures more light and makes the
camera capable of highly detailed and beautiful pictures even in the dark.

President said that camera software of the Galaxy S7 / S7 was also provided with
a Pro mode for those occasions when manual settings are required for highly
creative and professional-looking photographs. Previously, such fascinating
technologies like The Motion Panorama, Hyper-lapse video mode, Selfie flash and
spotlight features were not available.

He urged that Samsung had shipped well over 17.2 million Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7
Edge units around the globe, within the first month after launch. In Pakistan,
both these products were also launched in March 2016.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                             178 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung Galaxy S7 First Look: Not ground-breaking, but still impressive

BYLINE: ASHWIN RAJAGOPALAN

LENGTH: 670  words


The Samsung Galaxy S7 keeps its date with India.

The Galaxy S7 has arrived in India quicker than any other flagship; Samsung
continues to raise the bar on 'speed to market'. Yes, smartphone users are an
impatient bunch, Apple please take note. 2016's first major Android flagship is
here, but does the S7 - the seventh Samsung Galaxy flagship device, fire on all
cylinders?

As far as first impressions go, the S7 might not look radically different from
the S6. But take a closer look, Samsung has taken the glass and metal blend to
the next level; this looks like the real deal, the finished product. The
difference is even more evident in the 5.5-inch S7 Edge version where the Edge
screen seems to have a clearly defined purpose and is less of a gimmick. It does
more too with more tasks available on the Edge screen for easy access. Samsung's
flagships have been ahead of the curve with their Super AMOLED displays and this
duo does it yet again. While the S7 boasts of a 5.1-inch Quad HD Super AMOLED
(2560x1440 @577 ppi) the Edge version comes with a 5.5-inch display that packs
534 pixels per inch. We love how both these devices feel in your hand (152g /
157g for the S7 and the S7 Edge).

The camera is clearly the device's talking point. Samsung has opted to play down
the megapixel count and focus on the real benefits in the primary cam of this
device. These pros include a larger aperture (f/1.7), bigger pixels (that
Samsung believes equals better pictures) and a dual pixel primary shooter. I
tried the S7 in a specially designated low light zone and was quite impressed
with the first brush. However, we will reserve our judgement on the S7's low
light creds till our deep dive review. It was also refreshing to see a couple of
engineers from Samsung's large R&D team in Bengaluru (the largest outside Korea)
talk about the camera, instead of a celebrity.

The S7 also marks a U-turn of sorts for Samsung. The device goes back to an
internal storage option (with a hybrid dual-SIM slot that can support Micro SD
cards up to 200GB) after ditching internal storage options with the S6. The S7
also boasts an IP68 certification and, unlike most phones, the device is sealed
from the inside (and not the outside) to ensure it is dust and water resistant
(up to 30 minutes in depths up to 1.5 metres). There are a couple of other
innovations too, like an always-on display that cleverly shuts off when the
device is in your pocket. We can't wait to explore the S7's gaming avatar with
the Vulkan graphics API (Samsung believes this will offer PC style gaming). The
S7 also offers nifty touches like blocking alerts when you're gaming and the
ability to record games and capture screenshots to show off your conquests. The
S7 also marks the debut of Samsung's very own concierge service (only for S7 and
Edge users) that is an extension of the 'My Galaxy' app.

Hardware-wise the device gets a major leg up from the S6 - a 3000mAh battery
(3600mAh for the Edge) and an octa-core processor with 4GB of RAM. The Samsung
Galaxy S7 is the most powerful Samsung device yet, that's a given. The device
might not break radical new ground but it scores on form, it certainly ticks the
camera box, and has enough new tweaks to spark conversations at work and at the
pub when you're with your mates. Does it justify its price tag? (Rs 48,900 for
the S7 and Rs 56,900). We'll find out by March 18, when the product hits the
shelves. Samsung sweetens the deal somewhat; all pre-bookings between March 8
and March 17 will get the Gear VR free.

AT A GLANCE

Key features

Display: 5.1-inch / 5.5-inch (S7/S7 Edge) quad HD Super AMOLED. 2560x1440 @577
PPI / 534 PPI (S7/S7 Edge)

Battery: 3000mAh / 3600mAh (S7/S7 Edge)

IP68 - Water and dust resistant

Camera: 12MP primary shooter with smart OIS, 5MP selfie cam

Processor: 64-bit octa-core (2.3 GHz Quad + 1.6 GHz Quad)

Memory: 4GB RAM, 32GB on-board memory, plus extendable memory (up to 200GB) via
hybrid SIM/SD slot

OS: Android 6.0 OS (Marshmallow)

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             179 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Daily The Post

                            February 29, 2016 Monday

Samsung launches its latest Flagship Smartphone - the Galaxy S7-edge.

LENGTH: 482 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 LAHORE: Samsung has recently launched its next Flagship product-line - the
Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 edge and Edge Plus. The "Samsung Unpacked" ceremony for
this launch was held in Barcelona, Spain. All GalaxyS7 variants are enriched
with really impressive specifications and powerful features.



 Samsung Galaxy S7 features; an Android v6.0 (Marshmallow Operating System) and
runs on a powerful Octa-Core processor, Snapdragon 820 / Exynos 8890, 64 bit
Chipset. It boasts a 4 GB RAM and 32/64/128 GB Internal Memory. The powerful
12.2 Mega Pixel primary camera offers BRITECELL Sensors along with an 8 MP Front
facing camera with Dual Video call.

 The President of Samsung Pakistan &ndash; Mr. J. H. Lee stated; "It is a
delightful occasion for Samsung, as we introduce the consumers with these
ground-breaking innovations, pioneered by Samsung's new Flag-ship Devices
&ndash; the Galaxy S7 and S7-Edge series. These high-performance devices are the
front-runners in 'TheNextGalaxy' offerings, which are being launched by Samsung,
to revolutionize the ever-expanding world of info-tainment on-the-go and empower
every segment of the consumers, with the smartest modes of 3G and 4G
telecommunications."

 The Super AMOLED, 5.5 inch display on the Galaxy S7 edge is enriched with Force
Touch and TouchWIZ UI. The screen is protected by a virtually unbreakable
'Corning Gorilla Glass 5' and Water & Dust Resistance (IP68 standard). The
device also features a Nano SIM and an endless array of the world's most
advanced Apps including the 'Samsung Pay'. The S7 Edge is powered by a
longer-lasting, fast charging 3600mAh non-removable battery, promising 24 hours
of talk-time, along with 18 hours of video playback.

 The Galaxy S7 smartphones can go everywhere you go &ndash; even in the rain or
the pool, to endure up to 30 minutes or 1.5 meters of water depth. Your personal
data is protected, round-the-clock, by Samsung Knox &ndash; a dedicated security
solution to protect your sensitive data against hackers and malware, by keeping
it safely isolated and encrypted. These revolutionary devices promise super-fast
multi-tasking and unmatched Mobile-gaming experiences.


 About Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.



 Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. inspires the world and shapes the future with
transformative ideas and technologies that redefine the worlds of TVs,
smartphones, wearable devices, tablets, cameras, digital appliances, printers,
medical equipment, network systems, and semiconductor and LED solutions. We are
also leading in the Internet of Things space with the open platform SmartThings,
our broad range of smart devices, and through proactive cross-industry
collaboration. We employ 319,000 people across 84 countries with annual sales of
US $196 billion. To discover more, and for the latest news, feature articles and
press material, please visit the Samsung Newsroom at news.samsung.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             180 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Daily The Post

                            February 29, 2016 Monday

Samsung launches its latest Flagship Smartphone - the Galaxy S7-edge.

LENGTH: 482 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 LAHORE: Samsung has recently launched its next Flagship product-line - the
Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 edge and Edge Plus. The "Samsung Unpacked" ceremony for
this launch was held in Barcelona, Spain. All GalaxyS7 variants are enriched
with really impressive specifications and powerful features.



 Samsung Galaxy S7 features; an Android v6.0 (Marshmallow Operating System) and
runs on a powerful Octa-Core processor, Snapdragon 820 / Exynos 8890, 64 bit
Chipset. It boasts a 4 GB RAM and 32/64/128 GB Internal Memory. The powerful
12.2 Mega Pixel primary camera offers BRITECELL Sensors along with an 8 MP Front
facing camera with Dual Video call.

 The President of Samsung Pakistan &ndash; Mr. J. H. Lee stated; "It is a
delightful occasion for Samsung, as we introduce the consumers with these
ground-breaking innovations, pioneered by Samsung's new Flag-ship Devices
&ndash; the Galaxy S7 and S7-Edge series. These high-performance devices are the
front-runners in 'TheNextGalaxy' offerings, which are being launched by Samsung,
to revolutionize the ever-expanding world of info-tainment on-the-go and empower
every segment of the consumers, with the smartest modes of 3G and 4G
telecommunications."

 The Super AMOLED, 5.5 inch display on the Galaxy S7 edge is enriched with Force
Touch and TouchWIZ UI. The screen is protected by a virtually unbreakable
'Corning Gorilla Glass 5' and Water & Dust Resistance (IP68 standard). The
device also features a Nano SIM and an endless array of the world's most
advanced Apps including the 'Samsung Pay'. The S7 Edge is powered by a
longer-lasting, fast charging 3600mAh non-removable battery, promising 24 hours
of talk-time, along with 18 hours of video playback.

 The Galaxy S7 smartphones can go everywhere you go &ndash; even in the rain or
the pool, to endure up to 30 minutes or 1.5 meters of water depth. Your personal
data is protected, round-the-clock, by Samsung Knox &ndash; a dedicated security
solution to protect your sensitive data against hackers and malware, by keeping
it safely isolated and encrypted. These revolutionary devices promise super-fast
multi-tasking and unmatched Mobile-gaming experiences.


 About Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.



 Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. inspires the world and shapes the future with
transformative ideas and technologies that redefine the worlds of TVs,
smartphones, wearable devices, tablets, cameras, digital appliances, printers,
medical equipment, network systems, and semiconductor and LED solutions. We are
also leading in the Internet of Things space with the open platform SmartThings,
our broad range of smart devices, and through proactive cross-industry
collaboration. We employ 319,000 people across 84 countries with annual sales of
US $196 billion. To discover more, and for the latest news, feature articles and
press material, please visit the Samsung Newsroom at news.samsung.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             181 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                             March 21, 2016 Monday

Form meets function with extra edge

BYLINE: Izwan Ismail

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 667 words


With a host of new functionalities to enhance the mobile experience, the Samsung
Galaxy S7 edge looks like a winner, writes Izwan Ismail.

AFTER much anticipation, the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge smartphone made its local
debut in a concert-like atmosphere at Suria KLCC recently.

The presence of South Korean superstar Lee Kwang Soo turned the centre concourse
area into a sea of screaming fans, who mobbed him as he made his entrance. But
the real star of the evening was the S7 edge, with its sleek design and stylish
form factor.

Speaking at the launch, Samsung Malaysia Electronics vice president, mobile, IT
and digital imaging, Lee Jui Siang says the Galaxy S7 edge marries elegant
design with functionality to provide a seamless mobile experience. According to
him, the innovation around smartphone is not so much about hardware anymore but
the overall mobile experience.

"Smartphones are more than a phone today. They are the gateway to a galaxy of
connected devices and experiences," Lee adds.

For example, people use their smartphones more to take photographs these days,
and they expect the phones to be able to produce photos as good as those from
point and shoot cameras.

ENHANCE PHOTOGRAPHY

A key feature of the Galaxy S7 edge is the Dual Pixel camera. "It's a technology
used in dSLR cameras, but now we're putting it in a phone for better photos,"
says Lee.

To enable the phone to deliver brighter and sharper images, even in low light,
the South Korean phone maker has added a brighter lens with wider F1.7 aperture,
and bigger pixels. This will give images better depth of field.

The 5.5-inch phone is constructed with 3D glass and metal with ergonomic curves
for a more comfortable grip. It is also water and dust-resistant.

What was lacking in the previous Galaxy S6 like storage support has been tackled
with the inclusion of a microSD card slot that offers storage support for up to
200GB. It can also act as a second SIM slot.

The Galaxy S7 edge has bigger battery capacity (3,600mAh), an enhanced processor
and an optimised software to ensure longer lasting battery life and high battery
performance. Packed with fast wired and wireless charging speed, charging time
has reduced dramatically and is especially ideal for users who are always
on-the-go.

NEW EXPERIENCES

Samsung believes that new smartphones should be built around an ecosystem of new
experiences and services. Echoing what Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg said at the
Mobile World Congress exhibition in Barcelona in February this year that,
"pretty soon we're going to live in a world where everyone has the power to
share and experience the whole scene as if you're there in person through
virtual reality technology", Lee says devices like the Samsung Gear VR will
extend the user experience with phones like the Galaxy S7 edge.

Samsung will also be announcing the Gear 360 camera soon to enable people to
record video in 360 degrees and share or view them with the Gear VR for the
ultimate virtual reality experience. Besides that, Lee says a new set of
services has also been made available to further enhance user experience.

Called Galaxy Butler Service, available for flagship products like the Galaxy S7
edge and Note 5, it allows users to get premium services. These include Priority
Express Counter service which offers a one-hour turnaround for repairs, on-site
pick-up delivery service if there's any problem, seven-point check-up, and Smart
Switch service for backing-up data from one phone to another if the user
switches phones.

Lee says by year end, Samsung will also offer a service called Samsung Pay, that
turns phones like the Galaxy S7 edge into a credit card. "It will change the way
people shop and use credit cards. We're in talks with major banks on this
concept," he says.

With the features it has now and the services it is bundled with today and in
future, phones like the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge will have huge followers.

The Samsung Galaxy S7 edge is available at RM3,099 and comes in gold, silver and
black.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bots

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                             182 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                      October 6, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Galaxy S7 may be launched in first quarter of 2016

BYLINE: Anurag Kumar, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 235  words


Samsung's flagship phones Galaxy S7 is expected to launch in first quarter of
2016 and will be sold in the United States and China, reported South Korea's
Electronic Times.

Tuesday, October 06, 2015: Samsung's flagship phones Galaxy S7 is expected to
launch in first quarter of 2016 and will be sold in the United States and China,
reported South Korea's Electronic Times.

However, Samsung avoided to comment on these "rumours" or "speculation".

Informing about S7's processor part, the daily said, Qualcomm's Snapdragon 820
chips will be used by Samsung for the Galaxy S7 phones. The smartphones are
expected to launch anywhere between January and March of 2016 and will be sold
in the United States and China. In other markets, Galaxy S7 phones will be
powered by Samsung's own Exynos processors, Electronic Times said.

This year, for the flagship Galaxy S6 smartphones and Galaxy Note, the South
Korean mobile giant, Samsung, used only its Exynos processors, giving a major
blow to the U.S. chipmaker.

In August, for the Galaxy S6 Edge+ and Galaxy Note 5, the company used its own
Exynos processors and not the Qualcomm's Snapdragon ones. They are powered by a
64-bit octa-core Exynos 7420 SoC with four Cortex-A57 cores clocked at 2.1GHz,
and four Cortex-A53 cores clocked at 1.5GHz. The phones also powered with
4GBRAM.

But Samsung said earlier in 2015 that it could opt to use Qualcomm chips for the
future models.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2015 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             183 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung to launch Galaxy S7, S7 edge in India today

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 295 words


South Korean electronics giant Samsung is all set to launch its next flagship
smartphones -- Galaxy S7 and S7 edge -- in India today. The India launch of the
new Galaxy smartphones comes barely a month of their global unveiling at MWC
2016 in Barcelona, Spain. Samsung showcased the devices a day before MWC 2016 in
Barcelona on January 21. Samsung is betting big on virtual reality with the new
devices.Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg made a surprise appearance at the
unveiling event of the smartphones.

Zuckerberg was there to talk about Facebook and Samsung's VR
partnership.Audience were given Samsung's latest Gear VR headsets at the launch
event, through which they could watch a 360-degree video of people playing
freestyle soccer on the streets of Barcelona.Coming to new Samsung smartphones,
Both Galaxy S7 and S7 edge smartphones sport similar hardware. While the Galaxy
S7 offers a 5.1-inch display, weigh 152 gram and is powered by a 3,000mAh
battery, on the other hand, the bigger S7 edge sports a 5.5-inch display,
3,600mAh battery and weighs 5 gram more. The two new high-end smartphones have a
Quad HD Super AMOLED display with a resolution of 2560 x 1440 pixels.Other specs
of the new Galaxy smartphone include Exynos 8890 64-bit octa-core (2.3GHz
quad-core + 1.6GHz quad-core) processor with with 4GB LPDDR4 RAM, 12MP dual
pixel f/1.7rear camera with smart OIS, 5MP selfie shooter, 4G support (LTE Cat
9), Fast Charging along with other regular connectivity options. Samsung has
incorporated liquid cooling technology to counter heating issues in these
phones. Samsung's Galaxy line still contributes over two thirds of the company's
mobile division's, however, the business has been under pressure in recent
quarters.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             184 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   Arab News

                            April 28, 2016 Thursday

Samsung to showcase new mobile technologies in Kingdom

LENGTH: 300 words


ARAB NEWS


Samsung Electronics, a global leader in technology and consumer electronics, is
set to launch a mobile technology tour to reach out to all consumers in
different areas around the Kingdom at the end of May.


The tour which will be taking place across different cultures in the Kingdom,
will be giving the chance to people living at these locations to be exposed to
the new ecosystem created by Samsung.
The new ecosystem consists of the Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge, which is
accessorized with the new Gear 360 camera that can take 360 degree videos in
high resolution and still images.
The videos can be played back by utilizing the ability of the Gear VR,
transcending phone users into virtual reality, allowing consumers to relive the
moment in an adventurous and unique way.
Ferri Zekisson, head of IT and mobile department at Samsung Electronics in Saudi
Arabia, said: "We believe in a world that is brighter, sharper, more convenient
and fun, as we are striving to deliver on that vision with the Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 edge by marrying elegant design with sheer performance and providing a
seamless mobile experience. This tour is our way of thanking our loyal
customers, and giving them the chance to experience the outstanding ecosystem
Samsung created wherever they might be in the Kingdom."
The all new Galaxy S7 and S7 edge has many new features, including a front 5MP
and back 12MP camera and introduces the first dual pixel camera on a smart
phone, delivering brighter and sharper images, even in low light. It also gives
a longer battery time for the consumer so that the battery capacity is now
3000mAH for the Galaxy S7 and 3600mAH for the Galaxy S7 edge.
This campaign promises to reach out to selected Saudi cities.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/7/9/66/146180166713.jpg

SAMSUNG

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 9


           Copyright 2016 Arab News - Saudi Research & Publishing Co.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             185 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Daily Examiner (Grafton, New South Wales)

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

Galaxy S7 has all the right curves

BYLINE:  MARK FURLER

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 321  words

What's it got?

THE Galaxy S7 comes with a 13cm screen and the Edge has a 14cm screen.

The new dual edge display is something to be seen, especially when viewing
content on apps such as Flipboard and navigation bars.

The wrap-around display now supports two rows of apps instead of one and can be
customised according to the ones you use the most. You can also create folders
for quick access to similar apps.

The same screen space supports a beautiful looking 'news ticker' of headlines
and thumbnails down the right side.

The protruding camera, unpopular with some on the last model, has been cut to
just a 0.46mm blip.

SAMSUNG is rushing out the release of its new Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge
phones in Australia.

The devices, announced on the eve of Mobile World Congress in Barcelona along
with new gadgets from LG and Huawei, will go on sale from March 11.

The Galaxy S7 will have an Australian RRP of $1149 and the Galaxy S7 Edge will
sell for $1249.

Samsung's Gear 360 camera will launch in Australia later this year. Pricing has
not been revealed.

To sweeten the deal, Samsung will include its latest Gear VR headset for anyone
who buys the S7 or S7 Edge between February 26 and March 10.

Samsung Pay will be available in Australia later this year with partners
including American Express.

On Sunday night, LG threw out a big challenge to Samsung with a lighter and
cooler looking VR headset and a range of devices, including a DSLR camera
attachment.

Samsung's Australian vice president for mobile, Prasad Gokhale, said the S7 had
"fundamentally changed what a mobile device can offer".

"Meaningful innovation should deliver beautifully crafted technology that is
built to support the lifestyles of today's consumer," he said.

Samsung's mobile president DJ Koh said the new device offered "a world that is
brighter, sharper, more convenient, and more fun".

The writer is at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona as a guest of Samsung.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EDE


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             186 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                           December 15, 2015 Tuesday

Samsung's Galaxy S7 will have a pressure-sensitive display

LENGTH: 353 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Dec. 15 -- Nine months is a long time in the smartphone industry, so
it should come as no surprise that Samsung is already preparing to launch the
next iteration of its flagship smartphone. While the Korean smartphone maker may
still be a few months away from showing us what's new, the Wall Street Journal
has already caught wind of some of the features we can expect to see in the
Galaxy S7. According to reporters, Samsung will include a "pressure-sensitive
display and a new high-speed charging port" in its new devices, which are slated
to launch in March.

The company is reportedly considering the inclusion of a retina scanner in some
versions of its new flagship, although that is not yet set in stone. Like the
Galaxy S6, Samsung will debut two models: the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge.

With the inclusion of a pressure-sensitive display, Samsung looks set to follow
Apple, which is already touting "3D Touch" functionality. With a USB Type-C
port, the Galaxy S7 will charge significantly faster, with sources telling the
Wall Street Journal that devices will "allow for a full day's charge in under 30
minutes and in some cases significantly faster than that." An improved camera is
also said to be coming -- one that that performs better in low-light and sits
flat on the back of the device (the Galaxy S6 accommodated a small bump).

Overall, it doesn't appear that the Galaxy S7 family will differ that much from
last year's models. However, Samsung's new smartphone chief will hope that he
can gauge demand better than his predecessor and avoid making too many (or too
few) of its popular handsets. We can expect the Galaxy S7 family to make its
debut in or around Mobile World Congress, which opens on February 22nd, with the
handsets going on sale a couple of weeks later. The quick launch is said to be
deliberate: Samsung doesn't want to let any of its rivals steal a march this
time around.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                             187 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             July 12, 2016 Tuesday

AnTuTu reveals 'top 10 popular smartphones' in India

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 322 words


NEW DELHI: AnTuTu, the smartphone benchmarking website has released a list of
smartphonses that it claims are the 'most popular Android handsets' in India in
the first half of this year.As per AnTuTu's list, Chinese handset makers
dominate most of the top 10 spots in the country. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 heads the
list, followed by OnePlus 2, LeEco 1S, OnePlus (specific model not mentioned),
and the Lenovo K3 Note . The bottom half of the list comprises Lenovo A7010,
Moto X Play, Xiaomi Mi 4i, Samsung Galaxy J7, and the Nexus 6P (in the same
order).According to the website, "India is basically the first landing point
that Chinese brands launch and enlarge themselves overseas." The report also
talks about the popularity of Indian domestic brands which it said "are very
strong". Other than India, AnTuTu has also listed most popular smartphones in
the world, US, China, Germany and Hong Kong.AnTuTu's 'most popular smartphones
in the world' list is dominated by Samsung.

The company occupies top 4 ranks in the list with Galaxy Note 5 sitting on top,
followed by Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 Edge and Galaxy S7. At No. 5 is Xiaomi Redmi
Note 3, followed by Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, Meizu MX 5, LG G3, LeEco 1S, and
Meizu Metal (in the same order).The company's US list too is dominated by
Samsung, with the company taking as many as 6 positions in the list. The rest
are captured by Nexus and OnePlus models. The Galaxy Note 5 and Galaxy Note 4
fill the top two spots, followed by Nexus 6P, Nexus 6, Samsung Galaxy S6, Galaxy
S7, Galaxy S7 Edge, Galaxy S6 Edge, OnePlus and Nexus 5X.As expected, the
majority of the spots in the China list are captured by Chinese companies'
handsets. The Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 stays on top, while the Samsung Galaxy S7,
LeEco 2, Xiaomi 4C, Meizu MX5, Meizu Metal, Huawei Mate 8, Samsung Galaxy S7
Edge, LeEco 1S, and Xiaomi Mi 5 handsets follow behind in descending order.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             188 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           August 31, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung Galaxy S8 camera details surface online

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 340 words


NEW DELHI: Samsung has just launched its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone in India and
rumours for the Galaxy S8 have already started brewing. As per a tipster on
Weibo, the next-generation Galaxy S model, being tipped as the Galaxy S8, will
sport a dual-rear camera setup.The rumoured Samsung Galaxy S8 is being said to
feature a combination of 12MP and 13MP rear cameras. While the 12MP S5K2L2
sensor is expected to be the same as in the current model, the 13MP sensor might
be made by Sony.

Like other handsets, the dual-rear camera will give users better control over
the depth of field in images.The front-facing selfie camera is also said to be
upgraded to 8MP sensor from the 5MP seen in the Galaxy S7. There will also be an
iris-scanner that made its debut with Galaxy Note 7. If true, this would make
the Galaxy S8 first in the series to feature an iris-scanner. There are no other
details available the smartphone as of now.For those unaware, Samsung Galaxy S7
and the Galaxy S7 Edge feature 12MP dual pixel rear camera with f/1.7 aperture
for brighter images in low light situations. Besides optical image
stabalisation, the camera also comes with features such as timelapse, slow
motion, HDR, panorama and more. Both also sport a 5MP front-facing camera. The
latest Galaxy Note 7 comes with the same 12MP rear camera and 5MP front-facing
camera sensor like in the Galaxy S7.While the Galaxy S7 offers a 5.1-inch
display, weigh 152 gram and is powered by a 3,000mAh battery, the bigger S7 edge
sports a 5.5-inch display, 3,600mAh battery and weighs 5 gram more. The two new
high-end smartphones have a Quad HD Super AMOLED display with a resolution of
2560 x 1440 pixels.Other specs of the new Galaxy smartphone include Exynos 8890
64-bit octa-core (2.3GHz quad-core + 1.6GHz quad-core) processor with with 4GB
LPDDR4 RAM, 4G support (LTE Cat 9), Fast Charging along with other regular
connectivity options. Samsung has also incorporated liquid cooling technology to
counter heating issues in these phones.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             189 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             June 8, 2016 Wednesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Samsung goes rugged with Galaxy S7 Active;
New smartphone gets tough, adds fingerprint sensor, larger battery

BYLINE: Eli Blumenthal, @eliblumenthal, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 246 words


Those looking for a tough smartphone now have a new option, at least if they're
on AT&T.

AT&T and Samsung have again partnered to create a more durable version of the
latest Galaxy, announcing the Galaxy S7 Active on Monday. The companies have
been working on tougher Galaxy S devices since the Galaxy S4 Active released in
2013.

Similar to the new Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge, S7 Active is IP68-certified (a mark of
water and dust resistance) and can be submerged in up to 5 feet of water for up
to 30 minutes. Unlike its glass siblings, the Active -- with glass only on the
front -- is also built to withstand dirt, sand and drops from up to 5 feet. In
some early tests, the phone did not fare well when dropped on concrete, though
AT&T says this was an anomaly due to a faulty unit. A new device has thus far
fared much better after USA TODAY dropped it on a variety of surfaces.

The Galaxy S7 Active retains many of the latest features found in Samsung's
newest Galaxy smartphones, including a high resolution 5.1-inch display,
12-megapixel rear camera and 5-megapixel front camera and speedy Qualcomm
Snapdragon 820 processor with 4GB of RAM. This year's Active also packs a
fingerprint sensor, a first for the line, and a larger 4,000 mAh battery that
AT&T says will provide more than 32 hours of talk time.

Unlike other recent Galaxy S devices, the S7 Active will not work with Samsung's
Gear VR virtual reality headset. The device is exclusive to AT&T and will be
available Friday.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Eli Blumenthal, USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             190 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                          February 10, 2016 Wednesday

New images of Samsung Galaxy S7 leaked

LENGTH: 224  words


By tbreak Staff -

The Samsung Galaxy S7 is easily one of the most discussed phones on the Internet
these days. Now, a whole new set of images have leaked, merely weeks ahead of
the Galaxy S7.

After the press renders and hands on images leaked recently, professional
leakster Evan Blaas or @evleaks revealed some more new images, which gives the
phone a whole new look. According to the images leaked, there will be a silver
version of the curved screen device, which will be coming with a massive 3600
mAh battery. Although it looks very similar to the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+, it
shows its different with a subtle curve at the top and bottom of the device,
complementing the more dramatic curvature of the laterals, a design touch seen
on the hands on of the S7 Edge as well.

This is the first look at the silver version of the S7, as all the leaks up to
now have been of a black device. This also confirmed that the Galaxy S7 will
bring just minor changes in terms of design when compared to its predecessor. A
very visible difference is the camera lens, which does not protrude as much as
the earlier one, which provides for a more streamlined look.

The Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge are expected to be revealed on February 21st
at its event at MWC Barcelona, and will be out for sale on March.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/27/145518886757.jpg



LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             191 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            November 1, 2016 Tuesday

Galaxy S7 edge can charge much faster than Google Pixel XL or an iPhone 7 Plus

LENGTH: 335  words


In a smartphone battery charging test speed results, Galaxy S7 edge is able to
get the better of both Pixel XL and iPhone 7 Plus

One popular YouTuber who goes by the name of SuperSaf TV has made a video of a
speed charging test between Samsung's Galaxy S7 edge, iPhone 7 Plus and the
Google Pixel XL. To bring you to a recap of the battery capacities of each
phablet, Galaxy S7 edge features the biggest cell, at 3,600mAh, followed by the
Pixel XL at 3,450mAh and iPhone 7 Plus at 2,900mAh.

However, despite sporting the largest battery in comparison to the remaining two
handsets, Galaxy S7 edge still manages to charge the battery much faster than
the remaining two flagships. To start a fair comparison between all three
smartphones, all three were started from 1% battery life with all three phones
having Wi-Fi disabled and set on airplane mode. All three phones were also using
their own chargers that came bundled with the phone's packaging. If there were
different chargers used, the results obtained would have been much different.

Looking at the video, Galaxy S7 edge is the clear winner here most likely
because the smartphone's charger delivers more amperage compared to the
remaining two. Both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus take a long time to charge
because Apple has continued to ship its iPhones with 5W chargers, thus
increasing the overall time it takes for the battery capacity to reach its
maximum level.

Galaxy S7 edge also supports Qualcomm's Quick Charge 3.0, which dramatically
decreases the total battery charging time, which you can evidently see in the
video posted above. Google Pixel XL happily accepted second place, which is
disappointing because it doesn't feature premium features despite carrying an
expensive price of $649 for the base model. Galaxy S7 edge also features a
wireless charging feature, making it an even better smartphone if you're looking
for a handset that provides you with a ton of options for your money.

Source

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/95/147799191068.jpg



LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             192 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Mirror (Sri Lanka)

                             March 18, 2016 Friday

Samsung unveils Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge in Sri Lanka

LENGTH: 366 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, March 18 -- Samsung Electronics announced the launch of Samsung
Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge in Sri Lanka recently.

They will be available from today in Black, Onyx, Gold Platinum and Silver
Titanium colours made in metal and glass together.

"The smartphones are powered by meaningful innovations that will make the lives
of people better," said Samsung Electronics Sri Lanka Managing Director Youngmin
Shin.

They come with seven innovations such as professional grade camera, water and
dust resistance, best network performance, etc.

"The devices innovate in the areas of both performance and design to create a
device that re-imagines what a smartphone ca n b e . We br i n g to our
customers devices that shape the future and meet their varied needs in the
present," Shin added.

Both the devices come with a thinner bezel and a larger screen in a smaller
frame with a 5.5" SAMOLED display for the Galaxy S7 edge and 5.1" SAMOLED
display on the Galaxy S7.

With IP68 water and dust resistance, they can sustain up to 30 minutes submerges
in a meter and a half of water.

The company said that the phones are designed to make them comfortable for human
hands, which fit in the palm with their curved front and back.

The camera, which was simulated to the 'human eye', has the first Dual Pixel on
a smartphone which delivers pictures even in low-light conditions.

They also have updated software and hardware to optimise gaming performance
while the processor and battery ensure l onger playing time, which would keep
the device from overheating.

In addition, the games can be recorded, take screen shots and shared with
friends.

The new 'Always on Display' feature allows users to easily check for updates
without having to unlock the phone. Both the phone performs with the hybrid SIM
card slot, allowing users to insert a microsd card up to 200GB of additional
storage.

Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge will be available at a price of Rs.113,750
(32GB) and Rs.129,800 (32GB), respectively.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Mirror Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Wijeya Newspaper Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             193 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            December 27, 2015 Sunday

Samsung Galaxy S7 case leak shows new features

LENGTH: 207  words


By tbreak Staff -

The Samsung Galaxy S7 has been in the rumor mill ever since the Samsung Galaxy
S6 came out, and this time, there are some fresh leaks, courtesy of a few phone
case designs.

The Samsung Galaxy S7, Samsung's flagship for 2016, is all set to be one of the
best phones next year, or so Samsung hopes. A recent leak of the case for the
phone show a rectangular home button and raised rear camera sensor, similar to
the renderings seen earlier. Other than that, the design looks pretty much the
same as the Galaxy S6 range. The Samsung Galaxy S7 might also be packing an iris
scanner, a feature that is already coming up, but knowing Samsung, they will
want to be way ahead of everyone else. The new iris scanner unlock will allow
users to unlock their phone by just looking at it. Other rumored features also
include 4K display, liquid cooling and the next generation Snapdragon 820.

The rumor comes from a little known Polish Android website, which also mentions
that the price of the Galaxy S7 will be significantly higher than that of the
Galaxy S6. In terms of a release date, the Galaxy S7 might be launched before
this year's Mobile World Congress, which starts on 22 February.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/50/145124463427.jpg



LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             194 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                          September 19, 2015 Saturday

Samsung's Galaxy S7 could adopt a brand new alloy body

LENGTH: 326  words


By tbreak Staff -

Shortly after the announcement of Samsung's Galaxy Note 5, a multitude of leaks
have started to flow related to the company's upcoming flagship smartphone,
Galaxy S7. No doubt it is going to be packing top-tier hardware, and it looks
like Samsung might be changing the smartphone's appearance once more.

All this time, Galaxy S7 has bbeen rumored to be running Qualcomm's Snapdragon
820, and we are pretty sure that the company is going to release a model that
will be running Samsung's own developed Exynos chipset. A benchmarking leak
showed that Galaxy S7 was able to outclass Galaxy Note 5, which is nothing out
of the ordinary since the upcoming handset is going to sport much more efficient
and better performing hardware. However, it was also thought that Samsung was
going to retain the body of its Galaxy S6 lineup on Galaxy S7 as well.

Turns out that the rumors have a different story to tell. According to them, the
upcoming smartphone is going to sport a magnesium alloy chassis or unibody.
Since smartphones are delicate and expensive pieces of machinery, this
particular body is most likely going to be far more robust that the one
incorporated in the company's Galaxy S6 smartphone lineup. Both models of Galaxy
S6 feature a body made up of 6013 aluminum, which is extremely durable since it
the same kind of material used in the construction of automobiles.

However, this time, using a magnesium alloy body will prevent the company from
placing a glass panel at the rear side of Galaxy S7. Though it is too early to
reach a conclusion at this point, we believe that Samsung might end up
presenting an even more decorated smartphone than the ones we have seen this
year. Let us hope that it at least features a microSD card slot, otherwise sales
of the device might suffer the same way as they have with the current lineup.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/32/144275279085.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/25/144275279260.png



LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             195 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Mirror Publications

                           February 18, 2016 Thursday
                                 Mumbai Mirror

Galaxy S7: Leak reveals waterproofing, wireless charging

SECTION: SCI TECH

LENGTH: 250 words


A leaked video of Samsung's Galaxy S7 flagship smartphones - set for an official
launch at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, on February 21 - shows
that the smartphone is waterproof and has a wireless charging feature.

Samsung's Indonesian arm appears to have shown off the Galaxy S7 almost a week
earlier than planned. An unlisted commercial posted to its YouTube channel shows
Indonesian archer Dellie Threesyadinda training while using the new phone, tech
website The Verge reported.

In the video, Threesyadinda is seen operating a smartphone similar in design to
the Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge, in a downpour, suggesting a return to waterproofing.
The phone is also seen being used with a wireless charging pad.

The smartphones are rumoured to have metal and glass design, but may come at the
sacrifice of power user features. The Galaxy S7 Edge may come with a larger
5.5-inch display (the regular S7 will remain at 5.1 inches).

Both the S7 and S7 Edge will likely retain the resolution of 1440x2560 as their
predecessors with Super AMOLED displays. Samsung is likely to again offer 32 GB
and 64 GB options for internal storage and may launch a 128 GB version.

VentureBeatreported in January that the S7 will include a 3,000mAh battery, up
from the S6's 2550 mAh and the S7 Edge may sport a 3600 mAh battery. It is also
rumoured that phones might see a "downgrade" in camera resolution but offer
f/1.7 aperture to perform even better in low light settings. MM

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             196 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Mirror Publications

                          February 17, 2016 Wednesday
                                Ahmedabad Mirror

Galaxy S7: Leak reveals waterproofing, wireless charging

SECTION: SCITECH

LENGTH: 244 words


A leaked video of Samsung's Galaxy S7 flagship smartphones - set for an official
launch at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, on February 21 - shows
that the smartphone is waterproof and has a wireless charging feature. Samsung's
Indonesian arm appears to have shown off the Galaxy S7 almost a week earlier
than planned. An unlisted commercial posted to its YouTube channel shows
Indonesian archer Dellie Threesyadinda training while using the new phone, tech
website The Verge reported.

In the video, Threesyadinda is seen operating a smartphone similar in design to
the Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge, in a downpour, suggesting a return to waterproofing.
The phone is also seen being used with a wireless charging pad. The smartphones
are rumoured to have metal and glass design, but may come at the sacrifice of
power user features. The Galaxy S7 Edge may come with a larger 5.5-inch display
(the regular S7 will remain at 5.1 inches).

Both the S7 and S7 Edge will likely retain the resolution of 1440x2560 as their
predecessors with Super AMOLED displays. Samsung is likely to again offer 32 GB
and 64 GB options for internal storage and may launch a 128 GB version.
VentureBeat reported in January that the S7 will include a 3,000mAh battery, up
from the S6's 2550 mAh and the S7 Edge may sport a 3600 mAh battery. It is also
rumoured that phones might see a "downgrade" in camera resolution but offer
f/1.7 aperture to perform even better in low light settings.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             197 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Mirror Publications

                          February 17, 2016 Wednesday
                                  Pune Mirror

Galaxy S7: Leak reveals waterproofing, wireless charging

SECTION: SCITECH

LENGTH: 245 words


A leaked video of Samsung's Galaxy S7 flagship smartphones - set for an official
launch at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, on February 21 - shows
that the smartphone is waterproof and has a wireless charging feature.

Samsung's Indonesian arm appears to have shown off the Galaxy S7 almost a week
earlier than planned. An unlisted commercial posted to its YouTube channel shows
Indonesian archer Dellie Threesyadinda training while using the new phone, tech
website The Verge reported.

In the video, Threesyadinda is seen operating a smartphone similar in design to
the Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge, in a downpour, suggesting a return to waterproofing.
The phone is also seen being used with a wireless charging pad.

The smartphones are rumoured to have metal and glass design, but may come at the
sacrifice of power user features. The Galaxy S7 Edge may come with a larger
5.5-inch display (the regular S7 will remain at 5.1 inches).

Both the S7 and S7 Edge will likely retain the resolution of 1440x2560 as their
predecessors with Super AMOLED displays. Samsung is likely to again offer 32 GB
and 64 GB options for internal storage and may launch a 128 GB version.

VentureBeat reported in January that the S7 will include a 3,000mAh battery, up
from the S6's 2550 mAh and the S7 Edge may sport a 3600 mAh battery. It is also
rumoured that phones might see a "downgrade" in camera resolution but offer
f/1.7 aperture to perform even better in low light settings.

- PMB

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             198 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                              July 4, 2016 Monday

Samsung to report forecast to top Q2 earnings '

LENGTH: 535 words


Samsung Electronics Co., South Korea's top tech firm, is forecast to report
market forecast-beating earnings for the second quarter of the year, as
shipments of its flagship smartphones such as the Galaxy S7 series was better
than expected, industry sources said Monday.

Market consensus for the second-quarter operating income of Samsung, the world's
top smartphone maker set to unveil its second-quarter earnings guidance this
week, is at 7.32 trillion won (US$6.38 billion) for the April-June period, up
26.2 percent from the estimate three months earlier, according to data compiled
by industry tracker FnGuide.

Some local securities companies have been raising their earnings outlook for the
tech behemoth. In a note to clients, Hi Investment & Securities Co. predicted
Samsung's second-quarter operating income would soar by 21 percent from a year
earlier to 8.1 trillion won.

"Samsung Electronics' operating profit is expected to exceed the earlier
estimate," said Song Myung-seob, an analyst at Hi Investment & Securities,
further forecasting an increased dividend payout.

In the January-March period, Samsung' operating profit moved up 11.65 percent
from a year earlier to 6.67 trillion won and its net profit advanced 13.55
percent on-year to 5.25 trillion won.

In the first quarter of 2015, Samsung's operating profit came to 5.98 trillion
won, and its net profit also plunged 39 percent due to weak earnings from its
mobile business.

For all of 2015, Samsung's net profit shed 18.53 percent to 19 trillion won. Its
operating profit came to 26.4 trillion won, also up 5.55 percent from the
previous year, but sales dropped 2.69 percent to 200.6 trillion won.

Industry watchers estimate the tech behemoth to rake in some 4 trillion won in
operating profit solely from its mobile business division in the second quarter
of this year on the back the success of the Galaxy S7 series.

The division posted an operating profit of 3.89 trillion won during the
January-March period of 2016, up 42 percent from a year earlier.

Samsung's latest flagships -- -- the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge -- were
released in March of the year.

The sources estimate that Samsung's combined shipments of the Galaxy S7 and S7
Edge hovered at some 15 million units in the April-June period. Noticeably, the
sales of the Galaxy S7 Edge, which is more expensive, might have beaten out the
Galaxy S7, according to the sources.

Samsung Electronics sold 81.18 million smartphone units around the globe in the
January-March period, bolstered by the early release of its flagship Galaxy S7
series.

On Friday, Samsung stocks gained 2.88 percent to 1,466,000 won on hopes for
better-than-expected earnings outlook.

Other major tech firms listed on the South Korean stock market are also
predicted to see their earnings improve in the second quarter of the year from a
year ago.

The country's No. 2 tech giant LG Electronics Inc. is forecast to have logged
595 billion won in operating profits for the April-June period, up from 505
billion won in the January-March period,

Industry watchers forecast the firm to witness the sluggish sales of its
flagship G5 smartphone, but to boast the strong profitability of home appliances
and TV segments. (Yonhap)

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             199 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   Arab News

                              March 7, 2016 Monday

Pre-order facility for Galaxy smartphones

LENGTH: 323 words


ARAB NEWS


Samsung Electronics in Saudi Arabia announced that the Samsung Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 edge, the "most innovative" devices that were unveiled in Barcelona on
Feb. 21,will be available for pre-booking orders in the Kingdom through various
Samsung partners.


Starting from Monday (March 7), the long awaited smart phones can be pre-ordered
by visiting Samsung respected partners across Saudi Arabia or by visiting
Samsung's website for full details and online booking depending on the selected
outlet by the consumer. Consumers who will complete their purchases through the
pre-booking process will receive a free Samsung Gear VR and a 64 GB SD card, to
enjoy their newly purchased S7 or S7 edge even further through Samsung's
ecosystem.
KeeWon Park, GM, Samsung Electronics Saudi Arabia, said: "We are delighted to
bring pre-order offering to our thrilled community and allow them to become one
of the first in the Kingdom for owning these extraordinary devices. We aim to
shorten the time needed for our valued customers to attain the new devices. We
are always keen on bringing Samsung's latest innovations to the Saudi market in
a timely manner. The Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge will be in the hands of their
future owners throughout March."
He added: "The Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge are both known for their next level
imaging, next level performance and next level protection. These two phones
introduce the first dual pixel camera on a smart phone, delivering brighter and
sharper images, even in low light."
They have significant hardware and software updates to optimize overall
performance, including incredible gaming capabilities. The powerful processor
and bigger battery capacity ensure longer playing time, the internal cooling
system keeps the device from overheating and the IP68 certification insures that
they are significantly resistant toward water and dust.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/7/9/85/145730886120.jpg

SAMSUNG

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 9


           Copyright 2016 Arab News - Saudi Research & Publishing Co.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             200 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung says Galaxy S7 to top S6 in sales '

LENGTH: 229 words


Samsung Electronics Co.'s mobile chief has said sales of its new flagship
smarphone Galaxy S7 will hover above those of its predecessor after hitting
store shelves across the world next month.

"The Galaxy S7 is slated to go on sale in 60 countries on March 11. We expect
its sales to surpass shipments of the previous model, the Galaxy S6," Koh
Dong-jin, head of Samsung's mobile division, said Monday on the sidelines of the
world's biggest tech fair underway in Barcelona, Spain.

On Sunday, Samsung Electronics showcased the latest Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge
smartphones, which come with improved battery and water-dust resistance
features. The company also brought back the micro SD card slot that had
disappeared in the Galaxy S6 series.

Industry watchers estimate shipments of the Galaxy S6 at around 38 million units
for 2015.

"We tried to add as many features as possible (to the Galaxy S7) that were
discontinued in the previous models," Koh added.

Koh also said the introduction of a virtual reality camera will speed up
production of user-made content in the industry.

"Although there are still things to overcome in terms of hardware, I believe it
is not a big issue," Koh said, highlighting the importance of content in
promoting the VR segment.

Koh did not elaborate on the vision for the Galaxy S8, but added the company
will continue its innovative efforts. (Yonhap)

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             201 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Free Press Journal (India)

                                January 3, 2016

Tech Alert: Phones to get excited about in 2016

LENGTH: 400  words


It has been another top-notch year for the smartphone industry but, as is always
the way, the next 12 months are set to be even better. We will see new flagships
from Apple, Samsung and Sony, and it will be make-orbreak time for HTC,
Blackberry and maybe others, too.



1. Samsung Galaxy S7 and family

The Samsung Galaxy S7 is very likely to be announced at a media event in
Barcelona the day before Mobile World Congress (MWC). This is 21 February and it
will be a year after Samsung revealed the S6 for the first time. The handset is
likely to retain a similar design to the Galaxy S6 and feature an improved
battery but beyond this, little is known. What we do know - or, what has been
rumoured by some reliable sources - is Samsung will use the event to announce a
whole family of Galaxy S7 phones. There will be the regular, flatscreened S7,
the curved Galaxy S7 Edge, then the larger S7+ and S7 Edge+.

2. Apple iPhone 7

Another certainty for 2016 is the iPhone 7. Apple's "tick-tock" update cycle,
where the number updates every two years, followed by an S model in between will
likely continue, giving us the iPhone 7 in early September. Apple will likely
stick with the same 4.7in screen size for the new model - and the same 5.5in
display for the iPhone 7 Plus - but other aesthetic details will change.

3. Sony Xperia Z6 and family

There will likely be another family outing for Sony in 2016. This will come
either at MWC in February, or at IFA, in Berlin, in September. After it released
two new flagships each year in 2013 and 2014, it might finally be time for the
company to slow down. A family of new Xperia Z6 phones would include the regular
Z6, a smaller Z6 Compact and a larger Z6 Premium.

4. LG G5

Another annual tradition in the smartphone calendar is the new flagship by LG.
Expected to be called the LG G5, we predict it to arrive around May, a year
after the G4. LG usually hosts its own show for the flagship, but waning sales
and a failure to match the popularity of Samsung and Apple could see it opt for
an announcement at MWC instead, if the phone is ready in time.

5. HTC One M10

HTC left us wanting so much more when the M8 was upgraded to the M9. The
original phone's excellent design remained almost unchanged but there just were
not enough new features to get excited about. HTC is strapped for cash and needs
to pull out all the stops with the M10 if it is to survive much longer.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Indian National Press Bombay Ltd, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             202 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 13, 2016 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Samsung's latest Galaxy is far, far more resistant to water and criticism

BYLINE: Hayley Tsukayama;

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 863 words


Klutzes of the world should rejoice as Samsung officially starts sales of its
new water-resistant Samsung Galaxy S7 and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. The phones,
which the company first unveiled last month, are widely available in all their
dunkable glory.

The latest high-end Samsung smartphones are supposed to be able to withstand
submersion up to five feet for as long as 30 minutes. So you're in luck if you
drop your phone in the drink - as long as you fish it out reasonably fast.

Samsung provided me with a review unit of the Galaxy S7, a 5.1-inch smartphone.
Once I opened the box, I duly dropped the high-performance, expensive phone into
my sink while doing the dishes. Apart from the mild palpitations I gave myself,
there was no damage at all. The phone's touch screen didn't work under water,
but it continued on without a hiccup and was unharmed and working perfectly when
I pulled it out. It was just as impressively zippy as ever and no worse for
wear.

Of course, there is more to this phone than its ability to withstand water.
Overall, I would also say that the design of the S7 is better than its
predecessor, the Galaxy S6. The new phone feels a little stockier, probably
because of its big battery. But its shape is also a little sleeker, thanks to
engineering that has shaved some girth from the Galaxy line's unsightly camera
bump. At any rate, I am not worried about the camera getting caught on the lip
of a pocket or the edge of a table - something that has happened with my S6.
And, with its metal and glass construction, it feels like a high-end phone. It
is also a little curvier than the Galaxy S6, more like the latest versions of
the Apple iPhone, which makes it fit a little better in your hand.

I have no complaints about performance, either. Even while playing games or
watching video, the phone seemed to handle whatever I threw at it. Here are some
features that have stood out about the S7 in my brief time with the phone:

Always-on screen:  Samsung's screen can stay on all of the time and display
basic information such as the clock or a calendar. This may seem like a small
feature, but it is a great one for folks like me who often use their phone as a
desk clock throughout the day. It cannot display notifications in this mode -
for that, you go back to the traditional lock screen - but it is nice to be able
to glance down and see something other than a black, dead screen.

Battery life:  While I have not had the phone long enough to truly put it
through its battery paces, it can easily make it through a day of normal use and
then some without needing to be plugged in, even with the always-on feature. The
S7's battery, which is larger than its predecessor's, should fit the needs of
most people and possibly exceed them. Even while I was testing the phone, it did
not need to be charged until late in the night - something I cannot always say
of the S6 or the iPhone 6S.

Camera:  Samsung has been heavily touting the camera on its latest models,
particularly their performance in low light. The camera is high-performance and
is noticeably crisp with dark shots. Samsung has also added extra modes to the
camera, including one called "motion panorama," which lets you take a panoramic
shot that will animate when you scroll over it - a feature similar to Apple's
Live Photos.

Expandable memory:  One of the greatest returns to form from Samsung is the
inclusion of expandable memory on its new devices, making it possible for users
to add in their own microSD card and supplement the 32GB or 64GB of storage that
comes standard with the phone. With the quality of the pictures this phone
takes, it is a welcome addition. However, the integration between the phone and
microSD card is not quite as close as it has been on past models; if you want to
move something to the microSD card, you will have to do that explicitly rather
than just having the phone treat the card as part of its own storage.

Apps: No review of this phone would be complete without a short complaint on
apps that come  installed. Bloatware is a problem with all smartphones, and
while there are not quite as many pre-installed programs on this model as there
have been in the past, Samsung has loaded it with more apps than you probably
want. There are multiple email apps and multiple music stores that you'll have
to contend with, as well as apps that come from your carrier. (The Verizon model
Samsung sent me has eight Verizon apps installed.) It does not affect the
performance of the phone, but it is annoying.

Samsung has also released a higher-end version of the S7, called the Galaxy S7
Edge, which has a larger screen, at 5.5 inches. That phone has the same curved
screen edges as the Galaxy S6 Edge, along with the upgrades - water resistance,
expandable memory, etc. - Samsung brought to the Galaxy S7.

The Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge are available at all the major U.S. carriers as well
as  retail outlets such as Best Buy and Target. The S7 has a $699 suggested
price tag, while the S7 Edge generally costs $100 more. However, you should
check with your carrier or retailer - many are offering deals and discounts from
those prices.

hayley.tsukayama@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             203 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            March 12, 2016 Saturday
                                Regional Edition

Samsung's latest Galaxy is far, far more resistant to water and criticism

BYLINE: Hayley Tsukayama;

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 863 words


Klutzes of the world should rejoice as Samsung officially starts sales of its
new water-resistant Samsung Galaxy S7 and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. The phones,
which the company first unveiled last month, are widely available in all their
dunkable glory.

The latest high-end Samsung smartphones are supposed to be able to withstand
submersion up to five feet for as long as 30 minutes. So you're in luck if you
drop your phone in the drink - as long as you fish it out reasonably fast.

Samsung provided me with a review unit of the Galaxy S7, a 5.1-inch smartphone.
Once I opened the box, I duly dropped the high-performance, expensive phone into
my sink while doing the dishes. Apart from the mild palpitations I gave myself,
there was no damage at all. The phone's touch screen didn't work under water,
but it continued on without a hiccup and was unharmed and working perfectly when
I pulled it out. It was just as impressively zippy as ever and no worse for
wear.

Of course, there is more to this phone than its ability to withstand water.
Overall, I would also say that the design of the S7 is better than its
predecessor, the Galaxy S6. The new phone feels a little stockier, probably
because of its big battery. But its shape is also a little sleeker, thanks to
engineering that has shaved some girth from the Galaxy line's unsightly camera
bump. At any rate, I am not worried about the camera getting caught on the lip
of a pocket or the edge of a table - something that has happened with my S6.
And, with its metal and glass construction, it feels like a high-end phone. It
is also a little curvier than the Galaxy S6, more like the latest versions of
the Apple iPhone, which makes it fit a little better in your hand.

I have no complaints about performance, either. Even while playing games or
watching video, the phone seemed to handle whatever I threw at it. Here are some
features that have stood out about the S7 in my brief time with the phone:

Always-on screen:  Samsung's screen can stay on all of the time and display
basic information such as the clock or a calendar. This may seem like a small
feature, but it is a great one for folks like me who often use their phone as a
desk clock throughout the day. It cannot display notifications in this mode -
for that, you go back to the traditional lock screen - but it is nice to be able
to glance down and see something other than a black, dead screen.

Battery life:  While I have not had the phone long enough to truly put it
through its battery paces, it can easily make it through a day of normal use and
then some without needing to be plugged in, even with the always-on feature. The
S7's battery, which is larger than its predecessor's, should fit the needs of
most people and possibly exceed them. Even while I was testing the phone, it did
not need to be charged until late in the night - something I cannot always say
of the S6 or the iPhone 6S.

Camera:  Samsung has been heavily touting the camera on its latest models,
particularly their performance in low light. The camera is high-performance and
is noticeably crisp with dark shots. Samsung has also added extra modes to the
camera, including one called "motion panorama," which lets you take a panoramic
shot that will animate when you scroll over it - a feature similar to Apple's
Live Photos.

Expandable memory:  One of the greatest returns to form from Samsung is the
inclusion of expandable memory on its new devices, making it possible for users
to add in their own microSD card and supplement the 32GB or 64GB of storage that
comes standard with the phone. With the quality of the pictures this phone
takes, it is a welcome addition. However, the integration between the phone and
microSD card is not quite as close as it has been on past models; if you want to
move something to the microSD card, you will have to do that explicitly rather
than just having the phone treat the card as part of its own storage.

Apps: No review of this phone would be complete without a short complaint on
apps that come  installed. Bloatware is a problem with all smartphones, and
while there are not quite as many pre-installed programs on this model as there
have been in the past, Samsung has loaded it with more apps than you probably
want. There are multiple email apps and multiple music stores that you'll have
to contend with, as well as apps that come from your carrier. (The Verizon model
Samsung sent me has eight Verizon apps installed.) It does not affect the
performance of the phone, but it is annoying.

Samsung has also released a higher-end version of the S7, called the Galaxy S7
Edge, which has a larger screen, at 5.5 inches. That phone has the same curved
screen edges as the Galaxy S6 Edge, along with the upgrades - water resistance,
expandable memory, etc. - Samsung brought to the Galaxy S7.

The Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge are available at all the major U.S. carriers as well
as  retail outlets such as Best Buy and Target. The S7 has a $699 suggested
price tag, while the S7 Edge generally costs $100 more. However, you should
check with your carrier or retailer - many are offering deals and discounts from
those prices.

hayley.tsukayama@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             204 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            February 7, 2016 Sunday

No S7 Edge+ for UK customers

LENGTH: 233  words


By tbreak Staff -

Samsung fans in the UK will not be getting the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge+, and
instead will be getting the Galaxy Note 6, as the brand's chief phablet in the
UK.

According to a source from UK's highest major networks, Samsung is taking this
decision due to a "backlash from loyal Note fans". Samsung did not launch the
Samsung Galaxy Note 5 in Europe last year, and the decision was met with huge
disappointment from loyal Samsung fans.

"Samsung isn't going to launch the S7 Edge+ in the UK," says the source, who
continued "I got the impression that it had been a bit of a disappointment
sales-wise and that the decision to keep the Note 5 out of Europe is now
considered a mistake. So our information is that the Note 6 will launch in the
UK in August and that there will be no S7 Edge+."

This could probably mean that the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge+ might be being killed
off globally after just one version, or probably just in the UK markets. This
could also be part of Samsung's plan to position the smaller Galaxy S7 Edge a
little differently, making it bigger than the S7 and smaller than the Note 6.
Samsung could also be choosing which regions to launch the S7 Edge+ in.

When asked, Samsung said that it cannot comment on rumor and speculation. The S7
will be launched at MWC 2016 on February 21st, and will go on sale soon after.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/61/145484316165.jpg



LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             205 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                             March 14, 2016 Monday

Samsung Galaxy S7 edge review blog: A sense of deja vu;
Samsung Galaxy S7 edge starts at Rs 56,900 for the 32GB version in India. Follow
our daily live blog for review updates.

BYLINE: Nandagopal Rajan

LENGTH: 421  words


Samsung Galaxy S7 edge starts at Rs 56,900 for the 32GB version in India. Follow
our daily live blog for review updates.

When I finally jostled my way through the MWC crowd to reach the Samsung press
preview lounge, it was almost deja vu for me. It felt like it was 2015 and I was
peering into the Samsung Galaxy S6 at the very same stall. Yes, the Samsung
Galaxy S7 (http://techie.indianexpress.com/samsung-galaxy-s7/ie1093713) series
does look a lot like the S6 series that came a year before, and that is why in
my hurried first impression I was not really impressed.

Now, with the phone launched in India, I have a review device and starting
today, will tell you how it feels to live with the newest flagship in the
market. I am using a 32GB version of the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge.

Day 1

Out of the box, as I mentioned before, the S7 edge does look a bit too much like
the s6 edge+, which I used extensively covering Prime Minister Narendra Modi
(http://indianexpress.com/profile/politician/narendra-modi/)'s visit to Silicon
Valley last September. The nostalgia aside, this phone still has a very
contemporary design. I would have loved an all-metal body and think all
flagships should have that differentiator for the price they charge.

Samsung has managed to push in the camera bump and it does not protrude as much
as in the S6. Except for that the design hasn't changed much if you can overlook
the feel of the fingerprint scanner, which you will.

Once I set up the phone, the one thing that captured my attention the most was
the always one screen. The S7 phones have the ability of switching on a black
lock screen on which it can display a lot of basic information like time, missed
calls, new messages and the like. There is even a set of screen art that is
being created just for these black screens. Thankfully, this always on screen
doesn't seem to be sapping the battery much, which is good.

Also, the display is something to die for. Samsung makes even the most boring
Android screen look a bit more interesting thanks to its crisp display
technology. And this one has a 5.5-inch 2K screen which make everything look
better, even your own selfie.

I have set a fingerprint scanner as one of the first steps, and am regretting it
a bit now. The phone fails to recognise my thumb 9 out of ten times and I am
forced to key in the PIN to get in. This is strange, because fingerprint
scanners are now a very common technology, and you should be able to get it
right. I think we can safely assume that an update in the works.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             206 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                       July 28, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Strong Galaxy S7 Biz Push Samsung To Biggest Profits In 2 Years

BYLINE: Team TechTree

LENGTH: 461  words


Samsung's mobile division accounted for over half of that revenue and profit,
with the company pointing to strong sales of its well-received flagship Galaxy
S7 and S7 Edge phones.

South Korean company Samsung Electronics today declared financial results for
the second quarter ended June 30, 2016. The results indicates the company's
strongest profits in over two years. Revenue was 50.94 trillion ($45.2 billion),
up 5 percent on a year ago, while operating profit was 8.14 trillion ($7.22
billion), up 18 percent.

Samsung's mobile division accounted for over half of that revenue and profit,
with the company pointing to strong sales of its well-received flagship Galaxy
S7 and S7 Edge phones that continued from the previous quarter. The larger, more
expensive Edge phone made up over half of Galaxy S7 sales, improving
profitability for the lineup, while Samsung also benefited from a streamlined
mid-to-low-end product lineup.

Samsung says it expects to maintain solid sales through the third quarter with
the launch of "a new large-screen flagship smartphone;" the Galaxy Note 7 will
be announced shortly.

According to the official press release, the IT & Mobile Communications (IM)
Division saw substantial earnings improvement led by expanded sales of flagship
products such as the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge. A streamlined mid-to low-end
smartphone lineup also contributed to improved profitability. Operating profit
for the IM Division was KRW 4.32 trillion.

The Consumer Electronics (CE) Division achieved significant earnings growth YOY
led by strong sales of its premium lineup such as SUHD TVs, Chef Collection
Refrigerator, AddWash washer and newly launched air conditioner.

The company estimated that the stronger Korean won against major currencies in
the second quarter negatively impacted operating profit by approximately KRW 0.3
trillion, reflected mainly in the component business earnings.

Looking ahead to the second half of 2016, the company expects its solid
performance to continue compared to the first half, mainly driven by earnings
increase in the component business due to sales growth in high value-added
products and stable demand and supply conditions. The set business is expected
to continue its stable earnings while the IM Division expects marketing
expenditure to increase.

In the third quarter, the company expects the component business to maintain its
'solid performance' due to improved demand and supply conditions for memory
chips and LCD panels and stable earnings for OLED and System LSI. For the set
business, the company forecasts marketing expenditure for the IM business to
increase mainly due to a new flagship product launch and fierce competition in
the industry. Meanwhile, weak seasonality is likely to impact the CE business.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             207 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 25, 2016 Wednesday

Exclusively from Sprint and Samsung, Get up to $100 in Gift Cards with Samsung
Pay!

LENGTH: 467  words

DATELINE: New York



 Kansas: Sprint Corporation has issued the following Press release:



   Who is ready for a shopping spree? For a limited time, Sprint and Samsung are
offering new or current customers who purchase or lease an eligible Samsung
smartphone (including Samsung Galaxy S6, Galaxy S7, Galaxy 7 Edge and Galaxy
Note 5) up to $100 in gift cards when they make qualifying purchases with
Samsung Pay1. This promotion is also available to Boost Mobile customers2.





 Not familiar with Samsung Pay yet? Samsung Pay allows you to use your Samsung
Galaxy S6, Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 edge or Galaxy Note5 to make credit and debit
card payments quickly, easily and securely. It is accepted almost anywhere you
can swipe or tap your credit card.



 Signing up for the promotion is simple. After you register your eligible credit
or debit card3 with Samsung Pay and make three qualifying purchases you will get
a $20 gift card of your choice from select retailers such as Nike, Whole Foods,
Toys R US, Overstock.com and Gap automatically added to your Samsung Wallet. At
five transactions, get a $30 gift card and at 10 transactions get the remaining
$50 gift card.



 Want even more good news? For a limited time, Sprint is offering new or current
customers a $200 savings on a new Samsung Galaxy S7, Samsung Galaxy S7 edge or
Samsung Galaxy Note5 when they trade in an eligible4 smartphone:



     The $200 trade-in brings the monthly cost of a Sprint Lease on Galaxy S7
(32GB) down to less than $18 per month for well-qualified customers ($17.66 for
24 months). That is just about 58 cents per day.

     The $200 trade-in brings the monthly cost of a Sprint Lease on Galaxy S7
edge (32GB) to less than $23 per month for well-qualified customers ($22.17 for
24 months).

     The $200 trade-in brings the monthly cost of a Sprint Lease on Galaxy Note5
(32GB) to less than $17 per month for well-qualified customers ($16.67 for 24
months.)5





 This offer will be available in all Sprint retail stores for a limited time
only. Customers shopping through Sprint.com and 1-800-Sprint1 [Call:
1-800-Sprint1] will receive a $200 service credit within three invoices of their
device being received. This is a great deal for anyone looking to get the
hottest Galaxy phones, but also go easy on their wallet.



 Now is the perfect time to try Sprint and its 30-Day Satisfaction Guarantee.6
If you're not com letely satisfied, Sprint will refund your money. No gimmicks,
it's that simple. Best of all, new customers continue to have the opportunity to
save 50 percent off most AT&T, T-Mobile and Verizon standard rate plans when
they switch to Sprint.7 In addition, Sprint will cover switching fees up to $650
per line.8



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com br/>

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             208 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 24, 2016 Tuesday

Exclusively from Sprint and Samsung, Get up to $100 in Gift Cards with Samsung
Pay!

LENGTH: 467  words

DATELINE: New York



 Kansas: Sprint Corporation has issued the following Press release:



   Who is ready for a shopping spree? For a limited time, Sprint and Samsung are
offering new or current customers who purchase or lease an eligible Samsung
smartphone (including Samsung Galaxy S6, Galaxy S7, Galaxy 7 Edge and Galaxy
Note 5) up to $100 in gift cards when they make qualifying purchases with
Samsung Pay1. This promotion is also available to Boost Mobile customers2.





 Not familiar with Samsung Pay yet? Samsung Pay allows you to use your Samsung
Galaxy S6, Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 edge or Galaxy Note5 to make credit and debit
card payments quickly, easily and securely. It is accepted almost anywhere you
can swipe or tap your credit card.



 Signing up for the promotion is simple. After you register your eligible credit
or debit card3 with Samsung Pay and make three qualifying purchases you will get
a $20 gift card of your choice from select retailers such as Nike, Whole Foods,
Toys R US, Overstock.com and Gap automatically added to your Samsung Wallet. At
five transactions, get a $30 gift card and at 10 transactions get the remaining
$50 gift card.



 Want even more good news? For a limited time, Sprint is offering new or current
customers a $200 savings on a new Samsung Galaxy S7, Samsung Galaxy S7 edge or
Samsung Galaxy Note5 when they trade in an eligible4 smartphone:



     The $200 trade-in brings the monthly cost of a Sprint Lease on Galaxy S7
(32GB) down to less than $18 per month for well-qualified customers ($17.66 for
24 months). That is just about 58 cents per day.

     The $200 trade-in brings the monthly cost of a Sprint Lease on Galaxy S7
edge (32GB) to less than $23 per month for well-qualified customers ($22.17 for
24 months).

     The $200 trade-in brings the monthly cost of a Sprint Lease on Galaxy Note5
(32GB) to less than $17 per month for well-qualified customers ($16.67 for 24
months.)5





 This offer will be available in all Sprint retail stores for a limited time
only. Customers shopping through Sprint.com and 1-800-Sprint1 [Call:
1-800-Sprint1] will receive a $200 service credit within three invoices of their
device being received. This is a great deal for anyone looking to get the
hottest Galaxy phones, but also go easy on their wallet.



 Now is the perfect time to try Sprint and its 30-Day Satisfaction Guarantee.6
If you're not com letely satisfied, Sprint will refund your money. No gimmicks,
it's that simple. Best of all, new customers continue to have the opportunity to
save 50 percent off most AT&T, T-Mobile and Verizon standard rate plans when
they switch to Sprint.7 In addition, Sprint will cover switching fees up to $650
per line.8



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com br/>

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             209 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 23, 2016 Monday

Exclusively from Sprint and Samsung, Get up to $100 in Gift Cards with Samsung
Pay!

LENGTH: 466  words

DATELINE: New York



 Kansas: Sprint Corporation has issued the following Press release:



   Who is ready for a shopping spree? For a limited time, Sprint and Samsung are
offering new or current customers who purchase or lease an eligible Samsung
smartphone (including Samsung Galaxy S6, Galaxy S7, Galaxy 7 Edge and Galaxy
Note 5) up to $100 in gift cards when they make qualifying purchases with
Samsung Pay1. This promotion is also available to Boost Mobile customers2.





 Not familiar with Samsung Pay yet? Samsung Pay allows you to use your Samsung
Galaxy S6, Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 edge or Galaxy Note5 to make credit and debit
card payments quickly, easily and securely. It is accepted almost anywhere you
can swipe or tap your credit card.



 Signing up for the promotion is simple. After you register your eligible credit
or debit card3 with Samsung Pay and make three qualifying purchases you will get
a $20 gift card of your choice from select retailers such as Nike, Whole Foods,
Toys R US, Overstock.com and Gap automatically added to your Samsung Wallet. At
five transactions, get a $30 gift card and at 10 transactions get the remaining
$50 gift card.



 Want even more good news? For a limited time, Sprint is offering new or current
customers a $200 savings on a new Samsung Galaxy S7, Samsung Galaxy S7 edge or
Samsung Galaxy Note5 when they trade in an eligible4 smartphone:



     The $200 trade-in brings the monthly cost of a Sprint Lease on Galaxy S7
(32GB) down to less than $18 per month for well-qualified customers ($17.66 for
24 months). That is just about 58 cents per day.

     The $200 trade-in brings the monthly cost of a Sprint Lease on Galaxy S7
edge (32GB) to less than $23 per month for well-qualified customers ($22.17 for
24 months).

     The $200 trade-in brings the monthly cost of a Sprint Lease on Galaxy Note5
(32GB) to less than $17 per month for well-qualified customers ($16.67 for 24
months.)5





 This offer will be available in all Sprint retail stores for a limited time
only. Customers shopping through Sprint.com and 1-800-Sprint1 [Call:
1-800-Sprint1] will receive a $200 service credit within three invoices of their
device being received. This is a great deal for anyone looking to get the
hottest Galaxy phones, but also go easy on their wallet.



 Now is the perfect time to try Sprint and its 30-Day Satisfaction Guarantee.6
If you're not completely satisfied, Sprint will refund your money. No gimmicks,
it's that simple. Best of all, new customers continue to have the opportunity to
save 50 percent off most AT&T, T-Mobile and Verizon standard rate plans when
they switch to Sprint.7 In addition, Sprint will cover switching fees up to $650
per line.8



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             210 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

LG G5 vs Samsung Galaxy S7: The modular smartphone looks very cool;
MWC 2016: Samsung Galaxy S7 is the new flagship, and we look at how it stacks up
against LG G5 in terms of specs, features and more.

BYLINE: Shruti Dhapola

LENGTH: 1102  words


MWC 2016: Samsung Galaxy S7 is the new flagship, and we look at how it stacks up
against LG G5 in terms of specs, features and more.

Samsung's Galaxy S7 and the LG G5 are the most talked about smartphones at the
MWC 2016 and naturally so, given they are the new flagships from their
respective companies.

While S7 follows the design philosophy of its predecessor, the LG G5 has
generated a lot of interest thanks to its modular design and plug in features
like a battery, an additional camera module, and more.There's no doubt that for
hardcore geeks, the LG G5 has their attention.

We compare how the S7 stacks up against LG G5 in terms of specs, features and
more.

The general specs: Let's get these out of the way first.

The Galaxy S7 comes with a 5.1-inch Quad HD Super AMOLED display in the regular
version and a 5.5-inch dual edge Quad HD Super AMOLED screen in the S7 edge.

Both smartphones have an 'Always-On Display,' are IP68 water and dust resistant,
run Android 6.0 (Marshmallow), come with 4GB RAM (LPDDR4) RAM with 32 and 64 GB
versions. S7 series also supports micro-SD slots with up to 200 GB of extra
space.

Samsung hasn't revealed the processor though it's reported that one version will
run the new Snapdragon 820. For now, we know that the S7 series will have two
processors: one is a 64-bit octa-core processor (2.3GHz Quad + 1.6GHz Quad) and
the second a 64-bit quad-core processor (2.15GHz Dual + 1.6GHz Dual).

The rear camera is 12 megapixel (F1.7 aperture), the front camera is 5 megapixel
with OIS . There's a 3,000 mAh battery in the regular S7, while the S7 edge has
a big 3600 mAh battery.

In case of the LG G5 has a slightly bigger (compared to S7) 5.3-inch Quad HD IPS
Quantum Display (2560 x 1440 / 554ppi), runs the latest Qualcomm Snapdragon 820
processor, has 4GB RAM, 32GB storage space (microSD expandable up to 2TB). It
comes with a 2800 mAh battery, which is removable, and has USB Type-C for fast
charging.

The rear camera is a dual-camera set-up with a 16 megapixel camera and a
wide-angle eight megapixel camera. The front camera is eight megapixels and the
smartphone runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow. More on the camera below.

So what's really different with the S7 and the LG G5?

Camera: There's no doubt that LG G5 appears to have trumped the S7 in some ways
by going for a dual-camera set-up on the back. LG says the G5 has a 135-degree
wide angle lens, for a wider view. It's also added some new features to the
camera such as Pop-out Picture, Film Effect and Auto Shot. Pop-out Picture
combines images taken by the standard and wide angle lens to create a
picture-in-a-frame effect.

But what is more interesting is the LG G5's modular design, which lets users add
something called a Cam Plus to the smartphone, and convert it into a digital
camera. LG says the Cam Plus has buttons for power, shutter, record, zoom, LED
indicator and comfortable grip, along with intuitive auto-focus and exposure
lock. It gives the G5 an additional battery capacity of 1,200mAh when attached.

The only problem is that we don't know much LG is going to price this camera
module. But even without the camera module, the dual-rear camera sounds pretty
exciting.

Samsung, however, has stuck to increasing the pixel size and improving image
quality in low-light settings for the S7, S7 edge. S7 comes with Dual Pixel
technology, which the company claims that the pixels in its camera are bigger
(around 30 per cent bigger than the iPhone 6s Plus) and thus allow for sharper,
clearer pictures, even in low-light surroundings.

The company adds that the dual-pixel technology works like a human eye, allowing
for a faster focus while taking a picture. Samsung has also added 'Motion
Panorama' which adds action to your panorama shot. It's like 'Live Photos' in
Apple iPhone 6s (http://techie.indianexpress.com/apple-iphone-6s/ie5451820), but
only for panorama mode.

Samsung Galaxy S7's camera set-up might not sound so jazzy or different, but
let's not forget that the company has been doing a great job on this front and
is tough competitor to beat.

Battery: LG G5 comes with a slide-out battery feature, where a user can just
replace the battery in seconds. Now that's something we've not seen in a
flagship. LG G5 also goes for the newer Type-C USB charging port and supports
fast-charging. LG adds that its Always-on Display won't consume too much battery
life either.

Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 edge come with support for wireless charging, and the
company has stuck with regular micro-USB charging ports. Samsung has also made
the devices water and dust-resistant by sealing the ports from inside, ensuring
better protection for the device's battery. The company claims that the new S7
series comes with air-cooling technology to prevent the smartphone from
over-heating.

LG G5 and friends: The G5 has generated interested not just due to the modular
design but also because LG has rolled out a host of devices to support the
smartphone. For starters, there's the LG Hi-Fi Plus, an audio player, which the
company has developed with B&O PLAY. The portable Hi-Fi DAC audio player offers
high-quality audio, and can be attached as a module to LG G5 or as a separate
Hi-Fi DAC by connecting to any smartphone or PC.

There's also the LG 360 CAM, which can be connected to the smartphones allowing
users to create 360-degree content. Plus an LG Smart Controller to let G5 users
control certain drones, and check the video stream from the drone in real-time.

Samsung S7 and its accessories: The Galaxy S7 might not have a modular design,
or look very different from the S6, but it also supports a slew of accessories.
Samsung has launched its own Gear 360 camera to support the S7, S7 edge, S6
series and the Note 5. The camera which has dual fisheye lenses, with 15
megapixel image sensors each, lets users capture high-resolution (38401920)
360-degree video and 30 megapixel still images. Users can also shoot 180-degree
wide angle video and images with only using one side of the camera lens.

If the camera is synced with a S7 or supported smartphone, users can view the
video-content in real-time.

Of course, VR and VR style content is big for Samsung as was evident with Mark
Zuckerberg's appearance at the launch. The company is giving Gear VR (powered by
Facebook owned Oculus) free to users who pre-order S7 in some parts of the
world.

Conclusion

There's no doubt that both the LG G5 and Galaxy S7 series are good-looking
smartphones, but the former stands out, thanks to the modular design, slide-out
battery feature. Of course, we'll have to wait and see if being different
translates into success for LG in 2016.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             211 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Saudi Gazette

                            April 27, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung roadshow exhibits newest mobile technologies

LENGTH: 391  words


SAMSUNG Electronics, the global leader in technology and consumer electronics,
is set to launch a mobile technology tour to reach out to all consumers in
different areas around the Kingdom at the end of this month.

The tour which will be taking place across different cultures in the Kingdom,
will be giving the chance to people living in these locations to be exposed to
the new ecosystem created by Samsung. The new ecosystem consists of the Samsung
Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge which is accessorized with the new Gear 360 camera
that can take 360 degree videos in high resolution and still images. The videos
can be played back by utilizing the ability of the Gear VR, transcending phone
users intovirtual reality, allowing consumers to relive the moment in an
adventurous and unique way.

Interested consumers will be able to keep up to date with Samsung on the
happenings as it takes place, across multiple social media channels to follow
the Samsung journey to respective areas and experience the new unique
technologies being brought near them.

Ferri Zekisson, Head of IT & Mobile Department at Samsung Electronics in Saudi
Arabia, said: "We believe in a world that is brighter, sharper, more convenient
and fun, as we are striving to deliver on that vision with the Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 edge by marrying elegant design with sheer performance and providing a
seamless mobile experience. This tour is our way of thanking our loyal
customers, and giving them the chance to experience the outstanding ecosystem
Samsung created wherever they might be in the Kingdom."

The all new Galaxy S7 and S7 edge has many new features including a front 5MP
and back 12MP camera and introduces the first Dual Pixel camera on a smartphone,
delivering brighter and sharper images, even in low light. It also gives a
longer battery time for the consumer so that the battery capacity is now 3000mAH
for the Galaxy S7 and 3600mAH for the Galaxy S7 edge.

The campaign promises to reach out to selected cities within the Kingdom. More
details will be announced soon by Samsung, to make sure that most of the nation
will be partaking and getting the opportunity to get a hands-on experience on
these eccentric new features.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/511/1526/52/146176007817.jpg

Samsung Electronics reaching out to all consumers in different areas around the
Kingdom

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1526


                       Copyright 2016 The Saudi Gazette.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             212 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                              April 4, 2016 Monday

Focus in selfie age

LENGTH: 887  words


Believe it or not, Thais post 16.5 million pictures on Facebook a day and
another 477,000 on Instagram.

Smartphones now take more photographs than any devices, with 90% of all people
who take pictures having only ever done so in their lifetime with a camera
phone, according to South Korean handset maker Samsung.

Samsung cited some reports saying that Generation Y -- those born between the
1980s and 2000 -- will snap more than 25,000 pictures of themselves in their
lifetime.

More important, most people take photos indoors because they spend 90% of their
day indoors. Half of indoor locations are in low-light environments, which
limits image quality.

For consumers, particularly young people, who stay connected to the internet at
all times when travelling or doing outdoor activities, the preference is for
smartphones with the ability to withstand water and dust.

Photographic excellence and durability appear to have influenced the subtle
evolution of Samsung's latest duo of flagship smartphones, the Galaxy S7 and S7
Edge, which hit the stores in Thailand on March 18 after a flashy announcement
early this month.

Sasitorn Khoopatanakul, corporate marketing director of Thai Samsung
Electronics, says the number of photos posted on social media in Thailand is
incredibly substantial. Samsung has worked harder to differentiate its newest
phones with innovative features and camera specifications to accommodate
changing consumer lifestyles and preferences.

The Android Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge phones boast a big curved screen, a
dual-pixel camera that performs well even in low-light settings and focuses
faster, improved resistance to water and dust, and a hybrid tray that can take
either a dual SIM card or a micro SD card for additional storage of 200
gigabytes.

Samsung has kept the screen size on the Galaxy S7 to 5.1 inches but has upped
the S7 Edge to an iPhone 6S Plus-like 5.5 inches.

The S7 Edge is powered by a 1.6-gigahertz octa-core processor and comes with 4GB
of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that can be expanded to 200GB
via a micro SD card. The phone packs a 12-megapixel primary camera on the rear
and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies.

Another highlight of the two new Galaxy models is that they measure up to a
certification standard known as IP68, which means they can be submerged in water
of up to 1.5 metres for up to half an hour.

"Want an image that makes the sky look paradise blue? Or a selfie in low-light
conditions that still makes you look good with high-resolution image quality and
performance? Samsung's Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge, priced at 23,900 and 26,900 baht
respectively, offer perfect alternatives to other smartphones," says Ms
Sasitorn.

She says smartphone cameras are approaching the quality of DSLR (digital single
lens reflex) cameras. DSLR cameras are not just for professionals; they are also
the choice of many intermediate users and even beginners.

Smartphone camera lenses are leading the way in the mobile photography
revolution.

Ms Sasitorn says people are constantly on their smartphones. Smartphone users
check their phones an average of 150 times a day. They check them an average of
23 times a day for messaging, 22 times for a voice call and 18 times to get the
time.

Wichai Pornpratang, a corporate vice-president of Thai Samsung Electronics, says
pre-booking for the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge in Thailand was 80-90% higher than for
the previous Galaxy S6 model because of the phones' sleek design and high camera
specifications.

Cameras are an increasingly important part of smartphones. Samsung has led this
market with features such as high megapixel count, laser autofocus and optical
zoom to make its handsets stand out.

Mr Wichai says the growth in Thailand's smartphone market now relies on existing
subscribers upgrading to 4G smartphones.

Global research and consulting firm Ovum reported that 4G LTE (long-term
evolution) has become the fastest-growing mobile technology in history. It will
reach the milestone of half a billion subscribers globally this year, just six
years after commercial services launched. Its closest competitor is 3G WCDMA
(wideband code division multiple access), which took nine years to reach the
same milestone.

Smartphone and tablet users globally passed the landmark of 10GB of data
consumption per user in December 2014. This included WiFi and cellular usage and
was up 51% from 6.9GB per user in January 2014.

The transition from 3G to 4G is driving huge increases in cellular data
consumption. Android 4G smartphone users consumed an average of 2.4GB of
cellular data in December 2014, more than double the 1.1GB used by those with
Android 3G smartphones.

Mr Wichai says sales of smartphone in Thailand are expected to see double-digit
growth this year, up from 15 million units sold in 2015 with single-digit
growth.

More than half of smartphones in Thailand are still 3G-enabled handsets.

"The growth of the Thai smartphone market should return in 2016 thanks to a
massive 4G service boost by major private mobile operators," Mr Wichai says.

Samsung expects to continue to outpace the overall handset market this year.
Samsung has been dominant in Thailand with a market share of more than 50%.

"We will bring in new technologies in our latest gadgets soon, but we cannot
disclose further details," Mr Wichai says.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             213 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            March 12, 2016 Saturday

Samsung releases 'urgent' update for new Galaxy S7 edge

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 271 words


has released an 'urgent' update for its recently-launched Galaxy S7 edge
smartphone. There are not much details available about the update except that it
is for the S7 edge's screen and that the size of the update is 3.32MB. However,
the fact that it has been marked as 'urgent' means it's best to install it.

Earlier this week, Samsung launched its latest flagship smartphonesand S7 edge
in the country. Samsung is selling Exynos 8890 chipset variant in the country
and not the one with Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 SoC. The new S7 and S7 edge cost Rs
48,900 and Rs 56,900 respectively. Bothsport similar hardware. While the Galaxy
S7 offers a 5.1-inch display, weigh 152 gram and is powered by a 3,000mAh
battery, on the other hand, the bigger S7 edge sports a 5.5-inch display,
3,600mAh battery and weighs 5 gram more. The two new high-end smartphones have a
Quad HD Super AMOLED display with a resolution of 2560 x 1440 pixels.In terms of
software, the major difference between S7 and S7 edge is in the new improved App
Edge display on the right side. Both run the latest version of Google's Android
operating system, Marshmallow.A seniorexecutive said that it has witnessed
stronger-than-expected pre-orders for its new flagship Galaxy S7 smartphones.
Koh Dong-jin, president of's handsets business, did not give a figure or
disclose sales targets during a press briefing for the phones, which go on sale
in South Korea and other markets.But he saidexpects the S7s to help revive sales
in China, the world's top smartphone market where researchers say the Korean
firm is lagging its competitors.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             214 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday

Etisalat offers exclusive deals on Samsung S7 Edge

LENGTH: 405  words


By tbreak Staff -

Dubai based telecommunications provider Etisalat announced an exclusive launch
of the new 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge in the UAE, which will come with
Etisalat's latest and fastest 4G+LTE network, boasting super speeds of up to
300Mbps.

Customers who avail this offer will be able to buy the Samsung S7 Edge in Gold,
black and silver, as well as the Samsung S7. Both the devices will come with a
free 128GB SD card and a fully loaded Galaxy Entertainer app. The app will
provide over 1000 buy 1 get 1 free coupons for many global services inclusive of
hotels, cafes, spas, amusement parks, golf clubs and more.

Commenting on the launch, Khaled ElKhouly, Chief Consumer Officer at Etisalat,
said, "We are thrilled to bring the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge to our customers in
the UAE. As we are the first to introduce the Galaxy S7 Edge in the market, our
customers get to enjoy an exclusivity factor, not to mention convenient payment
terms and the nationwide 4G network that gives them seamless mobile connectivity
and turbo-fast usage speeds."

The Galaxy S7 Edge is known for its Dual-Edge design which gives it the slimmest
feel without compromising the big screen size. It sports a 12MP rear camera with
dual pixel[#x2028] 5MP front camera. The Galaxy S7 Edge is the first smartphone
camera to have a professional-grade Dual Pixel Sensor that enables crisp, clear
photos in the dark. It is also water and dust resistant for up to 30 minutes or
1.5 meters under. It comes with 64-bit architecture and Android 6.0.1
Marshmallow and a large amount of RAM keeps everything running smooth even when
running at full capacity, while the expanded battery keeps it going for longer.

Customers can opt for the smart pay option from Etisalat which allows them to
choose a plan as per their convenience suited to their payment requirements
across 12, 18 or 24 months at  AED235, AED160 and AED120 per month respectively.
Postpaid customers can opt for a monthly rental plan at zero upfront of AED270,
AED410 and AED660, which come with monthly data of 5GB, 10GB and 20GB
respectively. The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge can also be bought on a standalone
basis of AED2799 for the 32GB option. Prepaid customers can also get 10GB free
data by dialing *056# for the Deal of the Day.

For more information on payment plans on Samsung S7 devices, customers can also
visit www.etisalat.ae/samsungs7.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/4/145760347797.jpg



LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             215 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             March 11, 2016 Friday
                                 First Edition

Smartest of them all;
DIGITAL LIFE SMARTPHONES

BYLINE: John Davidson

SECTION: LIFE & LEISURE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 882 words


I'm going to just come out and say it. Samsung's Galaxy S7 edge is easily the
best mobile phone ever built.

Now, that may sound like a bold claim from a reviewer who likes to hedge as much
as I do, so allow me to equivocate for a moment by pointing out the obvious: Of
course the Galaxy S7 edge is the best phone ever built! Mobile phones are
getting better every year, so it only stands to reason that the Galaxy S7 edge,
the freshest flagship phone on the market, is going to be the best.

But, actually, there's something more going on with the Galaxy S7 edge than the
simple march of progress. There is something about the way the S7 edge is built,
about the way Samsung has managed to combine form and functionality with no
compromise to either, about the way it has managed to curve the glass not just
around the sides but around the whole phone, that suggests the company has
reached a new level of mastery. Something akin to the breakthrough that Malcolm
Gladwell says artists and artisans experience after 10,000 hours of practice,
only on the grand, industrial scale.

I've been using an Galaxy S7 edge for two weeks now and I'm yet to find any
significant fault with it. Sure, there have been some trying moments. There have
been periods of anxiety when, after taking the phone for an extended dip in the
ocean, I've thought the S7 edge had "bricked" on me - stopped working altogether
- the way that Samsung phones always used to in the early days.

As I write this, indeed, my S7 edge review unit (which for the record is what's
known as a "golden sample", rather than the final product) still sounds like
it's underwater, 20 hours after I last went swimming with it. Water has
obviously gotten into the speaker chamber, but I'm confident it will dry out and
the phone will fully recover, the way it has twice already.

The waterproofing, one of the features of the S7 edge that was missing on the S6
edge, is a good example of how Samsung has married form and function.

You see the Galaxy S5 from two years ago was waterproof, but in a clunky way. It
had little stoppers you had to insert over the USB port that kept the water out
but did nothing to enhance the phone's already unattractive look - and hindered
access to the USB port.

With the Galaxy S6 last year, Samsung abandoned waterproofing, as well as other
popular features such as expandable memory and a removable battery, in order to
make a beautiful device. It diverged, if you will, from what the Galaxy S
traditionally stood for - more features than any one human could ever know what
to do it - to match the looks of the iPhone.

But the Galaxy S7 edge finally gives us the functionality we've come to expect,
returning the waterproofing and the expandable memory, in the luxurious form
we'd always hoped for.

The waterproofing is now hidden inside the phone, which means it can take some
time to dry out, but means you get the best of both worlds, function and form.

It's the fastest phone we've ever benchmarked with the best camera we've ever
tested. It really is an astonishing device.

None of which is to say you should buy it, of course. It may be the best phone
ever built, but it's also bigger than many people will be comfortable with, and
it has so many features it can at times be a little overwhelming.

There's an excellent new feature on the Galaxy S7 edge, for instance, that
leaves the screen always on, showing the clock, so you can glance at the phone
without turning it on if all you want to know is the time. (I will record one
minor grievance here: the clock periodically moves on the screen, presumably to
prevent the Super AMOLED display from burning in, and the movement never fails
to catch my peripheral vision. I'm always thinking something has happened, like
a new message has arrived, only to be disappointed.)

Anyway, this new feature exists on top of an existing, fairly similar feature
that the S7 edge inherited from the S6 edge that allows the curved edge of the
screen to be used as an easy-to-access clock, too. This, in turn, exists on top
of the regular Android clocks. It's nice to have so many ways to achieve a
similar end but too many options can scare away some users, particularly the
iPhone users Samsung is hoping to win over with this phone, who like to be how
to use and even how to hold their phone.

And, as I said, the phone has a very big screen, up from 5.1 inches on the S6
edge to 5.5 inches now, which I find a little daunting but not enough to stop me
wanting to use the phone every day. Indeed, its very hugeness also speaks to a
new level of mastery. It's big, yes, but it feels a lot smaller than it actually
is, due to the way the glass curves around almost the entire phone, with a build
quality that can't be faulted.

I've been reviewing phones since 2002, and in that time I've seen Samsung grow
from a newborn (in the first few years,

I couldn't review a Samsung phone without it bricking, often the first time I
turned it on), to an ugly teenager, to an overly self-conscious (but very
pretty) young adult,

to now this. Maturity at last.L&L

Twitter @DLLabs

I

Samsung Galaxy

S7 edge

Likes

Exceptionally well made

Exceptional camera Exceptionally fast

Dislikes

Buttons right on the curve of the screen can take a few presses to activate

Price

$1249 with 32GB storage, expandable to 200GB

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             216 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             March 8, 2016 Tuesday

du announces latest offer for Samsung Galaxy S7

LENGTH: 229  words


By tbreak Staff -

Dubai based internet, telephone, TV and mobile service provider du recently
announced a brand new offer for the Samsung Galaxy S7.

According to a recent announcement from du, customers can get their hands on the
Samsung Galaxy S7 with attractive postpaid offers starting from today onwards.
Du postpaid customers can have the smartphone for free at a monthly plan
subscription of AED 300 that also comes bundled with 11GB monthly data and 300
flexible minutes. Customers will also receive a free Galaxy Entertainer
pre-loaded application which saves more than AED5000 via buy 1 and get 1 free
offers and a free 128GB microSD card.

"At du, we continue to bring the best experiences to our customers in the UAE,
thus contributing to the company's wider vision of increasing the levels of
happiness throughout the country. We are excited to be among the first to bring
the Samsung Galaxy S7 to our tech savvy customers," said Fahad Al Hassawi, Chief
Commercial Officer, du.

The Samsung Galaxy S7 was launched at MWC in Barcelona this year. In terms of
specs, the Galaxy S7 is powered by a quad-core Snapdragon 820 processor with 4GB
of RAM and comes with 32GB of storage, it also comes with a 12MP camera and
boasts a 5.1 inch screen.

Customers can get their Samsung Galaxy S7 today from du shops or from www.du.ae.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/6/145752094478.png



LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             217 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                New Delhi Times

                             July 7, 2016 Thursday

Galaxy phones drive 17 percent jump in Samsung's 2Q profit

LENGTH: 644  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, July 7 -- Samsung Electronics said Thursday that its second-quarter
operating income jumped 17 percent over a year earlier to the highest quarterly
profit in more than two years, as strong sales of its Galaxy smartphones drove
profit growth in the mobile business.

In its earnings preview, the South Korean company put its operating income at
8.1 trillion won ($7 billion), compared with 6.9 trillion won a year earlier.

That was much higher than forecasts. Analysts predicted 7.4 trillion won of
operating income according to FactSet, a financial data provider.

It was the best performance in nine quarters. The last time Samsung raked in
more than 8 trillion won of operating income was during the January-March period
in 2014 when it reported 8.5 trillion won in operating profit.

Sales rose 3 percent to 50 trillion won. Samsung did not give its net profit or
breakdowns among its business divisions.

The company is the world's largest maker of smartphones, televisions, memory
chips and display panels. Each of Samsung's four business divisions likely
showed strong results during the latest quarter, according to analysts. Key
products of each business division - the Galaxy S7 smartphones, ultra-high
definition TVs, solid state computer storage devices and thin and light displays
known as OLED - all saw solid demand.

The most important drive behind its forecast-beating earnings was smartphones.
In recent weeks, analysts revised up their forecasts on Samsung Electronics
saying that Samsung's mobile business performed better than expected thanks to
robust sales of the Galaxy S7 smartphone models.

The optimistic view reflects a shift from earlier this year when analysts
thought Samsung's best year was behind it and that its annual profit would fall,
largely because they saw Samsung's mobile growth coming to a halt.

After the release of the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge smartphones in spring, however,
the mood has changed. While Apple's flagship iPhone sales slowed, analysts
predicted that Samsung's mobile profits would gain this year.

"Foreign investors' sentiment toward Samsung Electronics is quickly changing
after the second quarter," CW Chung, an analyst at Nomura Financial Investment
Co., said before Samsung's disclosed its earnings preview.

"We think it is the most promising stock among Asian tech companies," Chung
said.

Shares of Samsung Electronics have surged nearly 20 percent since January.

Some analysts said Samsung's new strategies with its flagship phones paid off
since Samsung launched the Galaxy S7 and the S7 Edge smartphones in March, a
month earlier than it did with the previous flagship phone.

The camera and the battery life of the S7 smartphone were better than in the
older models and the phone was water resistant, but its price was lower.

In 2015, the company struggled to meet demand for smartphones with curved
displays, but this year component supply issues have been resolved and some
analysts believe the higher-priced S7 Edge smartphones, which feature curved
displays, saw stronger performance than its sister phone with a flat screen.

Samsung is expected to announce the latest version of its Galaxy Note smartphone
- featuring a larger screen and a stylus - in the fall.

IBK Securities analyst Lee Seung-woo estimated Samsung sold 16 million Galaxy S7
and S7 Edge smartphones in the second quarter, with slightly more than half of
its quarterly profit coming from the mobile division.

Analysts said besides the high-end S7 smartphone, the company's its
middle-of-the-line J series smartphones are doing well in countries such as
India, which helped its profit gain.

Credit : Associated Press (AP) | Photo Credit : (AP)

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Delhi Times. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 New Delhi Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             218 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             April 2, 2016 Saturday

Take your pick: Premium smartphones launched in India in 2016

BYLINE: Smita Sinha

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 1142 words


The average millennial in India spends close to 2.2 hours a day on mobile
devices and almost 85 per cent are hooked to them, says a Connected Life survey
of 2015. The numbers explain the spurt in smartphones and apps in recent years.
When there's plenty to choose from, how does one get the right pick of
smartphones? We help you cut to the chase and introduce you to the latest
additions from the premium smartphone segments.

SMARTPHONES UNDER RS 60,000

Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge:

Aimed at the premium segment, Samsung launched its flagship smartphone Galaxy S7
and S7 Edge in the Indian market for Rs 48,900 and Rs 56,900, respectively.
Consumers who pre-ordered the Galaxy S7 or S7 edge till March 18 got a free
Gear, the virtual reality headset, worth Rs 8,200. The Gear VR is only
compatible with Galaxy S6 series smartphones, Note 5, S7 and S7 edge.

Design & Display: Both phones feature a familiar metal and glass design,
sporting super Amoled display with a resolution of 2560 x 1440 pixels. Galaxy S7
comes with a 5.1-inch size screen and Galaxy S7 edge has a 5.5-inch screen.

Hardware & storage: The flagship smartphones are powered by Exynos 8890 64-bit
octa-core (2.3GHz quad-core + 1.6GHz quad-core) processor with 4GB and 32GB
internal storage.

Camera: Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge feature a dual pixel 12MP sensor with
F1.7apertures and 100% phase detection focus.

Other features: Liquid cooling technology supports hybrid nano sim and microSD
card slot, capless waterproofing technology.

Battery: Galaxy S7 is powered by a 3,000mAh battery and weighs 152 gram, while
Galaxy S7 edge is backed by a 3,600mAh battery and weighs 5 gram. Both support
wireless charging with fast-charging capabilities.

Availability: The phones can be purchased from local stores, Samsung's official
online store and Flipkart.

Moto X Force:

Boasting of a shatterproof screen, Motorola has finally launched its much
awaited smartphone Moto X Force in India at Rs 49,999.

Display: It comes with 5.4-inch Amoled display with a resolution of 1,440x2,560
pixels.

Hardware: Powered by Moto ShatterShield technology and Qualcomm Snapdragon 810
processor along with 3GB of RAM.

Battery: It houses 3,760 mAh battery.

Software: It runs on Android 5.1 Lollipop OS and is upgradeable to Android 6.0
Marshmallow.

Camera: The smarphone is equipped with 21MP rear camera and a 5MP front camera.

Availability: The device is available at 400 offline via retail stores. The 400
stores are spread across 15 cities where one can purchase the phone with EMI
option on select bank cards. Until now the phone was only available to buy
online from Flipkart, Amazon and Snapdeal.

Blackberry Priv:

Blackberry has launched its first ever Android OS-powered smartphone, Priv, in
India. The device comes with an extremely high price tag of Rs 62,990 packed
with high-end security features, says the TOI Tech report.

Display: It flaunts 5.4-inch QHD display.

Hardware: It is powered by a hexa-crore (1.8GHz quad core) Qualcomm Snapdragon
808 SoC alongside 3GB of RAM.

Battery: It houses 3410 mAh battery.

Software: It runs on Android 5.1.1 OS

Storage: The device features 32GH internal storage, which is expandable upto 3TB
via a microSD card.

Camera: Priv comes with 18MP rear camera and 2 MP front shooter.

Connectivity: Connectivity options include WiFi, GPS, Bluetooth, NFC, 4G

Availability: The phone is available on Amazon and other retail outlets.

Asus Zenfone Zoom:

Asus launched its camera focused Zenfone Zoom smartphone in India at Rs 37,999.

Display: Zenfone Zoom features a 5.5 inch(1920x1080 pixels) display with Coming
Gorilla glass.

Hardware: It is powered by 2.3GHz quad core Intel atom process coupled with 4GB
Ram.

Storage: It comes in two variat- one with 64GB and the other with 128GB of
internal storage. Both the variants can hold microSD cards of upto 128 GB.

Battery: Asus Zenfone Zoom packs 3,000mAh battery.

Camera: According to Techradar, it comes with DSLR-like features and boasts of a
13MP camera with Panasonoc FSI sensor and 3x optical zoom at 28-48mm focal
length. It also sports 5MP selfie camera.

Software: The smartphone runs Android 5.1 Lollipop OS

Connectivity: 4G LTE, 3G, Wifi, Bluettoth, GPS and NFC.

Availability: It is available on Flipkart and Asus Exclusive stores.

SMARTPHONES UNDER RS 30,000

Xiaomi Mi5:

Xiaomi has finally launched its 2016 flagship Mi5 at Rs 24,999.

Display: Mi5 features a 5.15-inch full HD display with a resolution of 1920x1080
pixels, protected by Corning Gorilla Glass 4.

Design: The smartphone comes in black, gold and white color variants with a
metal and glass design with 3D glass and features a fingerprint sensor on the
home button.

Hardware: The smartphone is powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 820 processor with
3GB RAM.

Storage: Xiaomi Mi5 comes in 3 variants- 3GB+32GB, 3GB+64GB and 4GB+128GB
storage options. However, Xiaomi have only launched the 3GB+32GB version in
India. And there is no microSD card for storage expansion.

Camera: The device has 16MP rear camera with 4-axis OIS, and the front camera is
4 megapixel with a wide angle lens.

Software: It runs MIUI 7 based on Android 6.0 Marshmallow.

Battery: The smartphone has a 3000mAh battery.

Connectivity: The connectivity options include infrared, NFC, 4G+, VoLTE, WiFi,
Bluetooth and is the first device from Xioami in India to use USB Type-C port.

Availability: It will be exclusively available on MI.com, It will first go on
sale on April 6.

Samsung Galaxy A5 and Galaxy A7:

Display: Samsung Galaxy A7 sports 5.5-inch FHD Amoled display, while Galaxy A5
comes with a 5.2-inch FHD Amoled display. Both the models come with fingerprint
reader.

Hardware: A7 is Powered by Snapdragon 615 SoC and is paired with 3GB RAM. On the
other hand A5 runs on 1.6GHz octa-core processor paired with 2GB RAM.

Storage: A7 packs 16GB of storage expandable up to 128GB via SD card.

Camera: A7 comes with a 13MP primary camera and 5MP selfie camera. Other
specifications of Galaxy A5 are same except for processor and RAM.

Price: Galaxy A5 is priced at Rs 17,990 and Galaxy A7 is available at Rs 22,990.

Availability: The devices will be available via Snapdeal.

LYF Earth 1:

Reliance Retail launched its flagship model Earth 1 in India at Rs 23,990.

Display: Earth 1 features 5.5-inch (1920 x 1080 pixels) full HD amoled display
with Gorilla Glass

Design: The phone weighs 163 grams and has a 7.7mm slim unibody design

Hardware: The phone has a 1.5Ghz octa core Snapdragon 615 processor with 3GB RAM

Storage: The phone comes with 32GB internal storage which is expandable up to
32GB.

Battery: The device comes with 3,500mAh battery.

Software: Lollipop 5.1.1 OS

Camera: Earth 1 features 3MP primary and 2MP secondary sensor.

Connectivity: Nano-SIM Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, FM,
3G, 4G

Availability: The phone is available on Grofers and on company's online store
Reliance Digital.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             219 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung says S7 sales exceed forecast

BYLINE: By Kim Yoo-chul

LENGTH: 473 words


Models try Galaxy S7s and S7 edges at a 'Galaxy Lounge' in Shinsegae Department
Store, Seocho, southern Seoul, Wednesday. / Courtesy of Samsung
ElectronicsCompany plans Tizen availability for 2015 TV models

Sales of Galaxy S7 smartphones have exceeded earlier expectations, said a senior
Samsung Electronics executive Wednesday. He expressed hope that the handsets,
available in flat and curved models, will help the world's top smartphone
manufacturer expand its global market share.

'Samsung is satisfied to see good sales of Galaxy S7,' Ko Dong-jin, head of the
company's mobile business division, told local reporters. 'Yes, the initial
shipment numbers are looking good.'

The remarks came on the sidelines of Ko's participation in the weekly meeting
with top executives of Samsung Group affiliates in Seocho Samsung Tower,
southern Seoul.

The mobile boss, however, remained tightlipped about how many S7s have so far
been sold since the devices became available for preorder on March 11.

Market analyst said that sales and preorders of the S7s have exceeded earlier
forecasts in China, Europe and India. Specifically in Europe, it is said that
the company saw a 250 percent increase in combined preorder sales.

Samsung is aggressive with promotional campaigns in the United States, the home
turf of its chief rival Apple, as Samsung has a contract with AT&T, a leading
U.S. telecom selling the Galaxy S7 there.

AT&T launched a 'one-plus-one' campaign, in which customers buy one Galaxy S7
and receive a free Galaxy S7 edge.

Samsung Electronics' total smartphone export volume last year was 51.45 trillion
won, down by 15.19 percent from the previous year's 60.66 trillion won. The
rapid growth of Chinese companies has been blamed for the decline of Samsung's
smartphone sales.

CounterPoint Research, a market research firm, said the company was the sixth in
rankings in China, the world's largest smartphone market, with a 7.7 percent
market share.

Meanwhile, the company's television chief Kim Hyun-seok said they plan to
install its latest Tizen software in last year's models.

'It's possible for 2016 Tizen software to be used in 2015 Samsung TVs. We are
considering it,' Kim told reporters after the meeting.

The Samsung-developed software is being used in all Samsung's premium TVs. One
of the key features for Samsung's 2016 TV models is an integrated content
platform based on the Tizen software.

Samsung Engineering's plans to sell the company headquarters in Sangil-dong,
eastern Seoul, have been stalled, according to its CEO Park Choong-heum.

'No buyers have approached us,' CEO Park said. 'I think this is because the
buildings are too big.'

As part of heavy cost-cutting efforts, Samsung Engineering decided to sell its
headquarters composed of two buildings. The monetary value of the buildings is
estimated at a few billion dollars.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             220 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                              March 7, 2016 Monday

ALL ABOUT THE GALAXY S7 EDGE

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 379 words


THE Samsung Galaxy S7 edge boasts more improved performance, better cameras, new
features, and more. Here's what you can expect from the phone, which will be
available in Malaysia starting Mar 18.

1. HIGH QUALITY IMAGES

As it applies Dual Pixel technology, the device is able to capture high quality
images in low light environments, while a large F1.7 aperture ensures brighter,
sharper photographs. New Motion Panorama and Selfie Flash functions let users
have an entirely new phonetography experience.

2. REFINED DESIGN, SLEEK CURVES

The Galaxy S7 edge boasts more seamless connection between its glass and metal
materials, along with a slimmer rear camera. The curvy form of the devices'
glass enables a better grip. And, bringing back the microSD slot, the S7 edge is
more functional than ever.

3. WATER AND DUST RESISTANCE

For people who work, travel and play in all kinds of locations and environments,
the upgraded IP68 water and dust resistance feature should be a welcome. The
feature allows users to enjoy the sleek, curvy design without the inconvenience
of a bulky additional case.

4. MADE FOR GAMING

The optimised hardware and enhanced UX allows for smoother graphics and longer
playing time for avid gamers. With the new Game Launcher app, they now have the
ability to take control of their mobile gaming experience with numerous
customisation options.

5. STORE THOUSANDS AFTER THOUSANDS OF PHOTOS AND VIDEOS

Conveniently embedded in the Galaxy S7 edge, the hybrid SIM card tray allows
users to either insert two SIM cards, or opt for only one SIM card paired with a
microSD card for up to 200GB of additional storage.

6. SIMPLE AND SOFT UX

The phone comes with customisable lock and home screens, beautified icons and
the user-friendly Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating. The refined dual edge
screen of the Galaxy S7 edge provides practical functions and easier access to
users' frequently used content and tasks.

7. LONGER USAGE WITH BIGGER BATTERY

Compared to its predecessor the Galaxy S6 edge's 2,600mAh, the Galaxy S7 edge is
equipped with a 3,600mAh battery capacity, allowing for more hours and higher
screen brightness without draining out battery usage within a day's use. The
Galaxy S7 edge also offers fast charging technology, both wired and wirelessly.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bots

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                             221 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            October 21, 2016 Friday
                               Bangalore Edition

Samsung will push S7, S7 Edge phones to exorcise Note 7 ghost

BYLINE: Sovon Manna

SECTION: TIMES BUSINESS

LENGTH: 374 words


Post-Galaxy Note 7 ban scenario, Samsung India Electronics has taken an
immediately strategy to switch its premium-end customers' focus to two other
top-end models: S7 and S7 Edge. Facing a mammoth task to wipe out the memory of
ill-fated Note 7 fiasco, the South Korea-based consumer electronics giant is
banking on the sales momentum of S7 and S7 Edge in India. The would-be buyers of
Galaxy Note 7, production of which has been stopped after the handset was found
to be prone to overheating and catching fire, will get a 'sales and offer' push
encircling S7 and S7 Edge now.

On the sidelines of its panIndia launch of the new version of My Galaxy app in
Kolkata, Manu Sharma, vice pre

sident (mobiles business), Samsung India Electronics, told TOI: \x93We will be
focusing on switching Note 7 (worth Rs 59,990-) aspirants to become a proud
buyer of S7 and S7Edge models (ranging between Rs 37,000 to Rs 50,000). We'll do
everything possible to project S7 and S7Edge on retail front with good
plans.\x93

From being touted as the 'the greatest phone on the planet', Galaxy Note 7's has
seen

a big fall in sales taking a huge toll on the handset giant's sales of high-end
models and brand image. Elaborating on the 'come-back' strategy , Sharma said,
\x93We are totally aware of the situation. We are trying to build up more
interest on S7 and S7Edge now. These two models have seen a great momentum this
year.\x93

The Samsung retailers and experience stores, too, will put thrust on these two

models to rein in the sagging demand in the premium segment sales, added a top
Samsung official. Although, according to Sharma, Samsung still remains the
undisputed leader in the handset sales in India with a 48.7% market share in
value sales. It was around 40% in the last year.

Samsung had opened prebookings for the Galaxy Note7 in India in August-end, and
the phone was slated to go on sale from September.Currently , Samsung has been
offering replacements credits to customers in the US, South Korea, etc.

It seems customers who had pre-booked and paid full amount of Rs 59,990 for the
Note 7, will now get S7 or S7 edge along with new Gear VR, the Level U \xAD
Stereo Wireless Headset free. Full refund will be given to those who don't want
the S7S7 edge.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             222 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                      October 25, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Users Can Upgrade To Galaxy S8 Or Note 8 Next Year

BYLINE: Phalgunn Maharishi

LENGTH: 312  words


The South Korean smartphone company is making every bit to please the loyalty of
its customers after the heat of Galaxy Note 7 explosions.

samsung's dream smartphone Galaxy Note 7 turned out to be a chunk of bad
experience after a number of units were reported to have exploded over a period
of time - some while charging and some while inside pockets. While the whole
world was baffled, Samsung didn't leave even a single chance to show its loyal
customers how much the company cares for them.

The company offered refunds to its Galaxy Note 7 users, exchanged Note 7 with
other premium smartphones like Galaxy S7, S7 Edge, and Note 5. We even received
a report stating that Samsung was present at a few airports to help flyers with
Galaxy Note 7 for an immediate solution, when the flight companies banned the
smartphone into the flight.

However, the recent reports claim that the company has introduced an upgrade
program where the Galaxy Note 7 users to exchange their smartphones to the
upcoming Galaxy S8 and Note 8 smartphones, that are expected to arrive next
year.

Adding on to this, Reuters recently reported that the new upgrade program is
currently rolled out for Galaxy Note 7 users in South Korea, which is the
company's home market. To apply for the upgrade program, customers will have to
trade in their Galaxy Note 7 device for either Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 Edge. And,
when the company launches the Galaxy S8 or Galaxy Note 8, the users who have
applied for the upgrade program will just have to pay half the price of the
Galaxy S7 device. The last date to apply for this program is said to be Nov 30.

It is being said that the new upgrade program was the outcome of the
class-action lawsuit filed by 527 Galaxy Note 7 owners in South Korea against
the company. However, we still do not know whether this upgrade program will be
available in other markets as well.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             223 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Myanmar Business Today

                             March 25, 2016 Friday

KBZ Bank Partners with Samsung to Offer Interest-free Instalment Plan

LENGTH: 390  words


Samsung has partnered with KBZ Bank to offer a financing plan to boost pre-order
sales of the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge which debuted on March 20.

Samsung Myanmar has been cooperating with Kanbawza (KBZ) Bank, one of the top
banks in Myanmar, to purchase the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge through an
instalment program. We have arranged for a six-month payment plan in cooperation
with Samsung, Samsung's Head of Department of IT and Mobile Ko Zarni Win Htet
said.

In the past, Samsung has partnered with other local banks but due to high
interest rates, it made their phones less appealing. With the offer of
zero-percent interest, it made sense for Samsung to choose KBZ, according to Ko
Zarni Win Htet.

Samsung offered to do an instalment program and KBZ also wants the additional
business, he said. In the future many people would be interested to have a bank
account in order to be able to buy a smartphone like this in the future.

To enrol in the instalment program, customers must have K900,000 in a savings
account with KBZ Bank and will pay a monthly bill of K150,000 toward the phone.
The S7 comes with a price tag of K800,000 and the S7 Edge is K900,000.

These smart phones came out in Yangon and Mandalay on March 20, and orders were
accepted from March 7 to 18 at no interest for six months for the instalment
purchase plan.

We have brought the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge which are not only with maximised
performance but also with ergonomic design and smooth touch experience. We have
created this for the users to be more beneficial in lives and to be able to step
forward technologically as much as possible, managing director of Samsung
Myanmar Nam Sik Ahn said.

Galaxy S7 has a 5.1 display and the Galaxy S7 edge boasts a 5.5 display - both
are dust and water proof. Moreover, an updated cooling system will reduce heat
caused by playing games and the new game launcher application can more
effectively manage battery power, Samsung claims.

The phones also come with an upgraded 12 megapixel back camera and 5MP
front-facing camera, with F1.7 light shutter and to take pictures in the dark.

There is no projection data for how many phones they will sell in Myanmar
because Myanmar branches are unsure of how many of the product they will
receive, according to Zarni Win Htet. There is also no pre-order data available
as of press time.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Myanmar Business Today
                              All Rights Reserved


                             224 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                              July 11, 2016 Monday

Samsung Galaxy S7 Active fails dunk test

LENGTH: 217  words


The tougher version of the S7 fails a Consumer Reports test

The Samsung Galaxy S7 Active is now available for US customers, but some tests
run at Consumer Reports suggests, it might not exactly be as waterproof as they
say it would be.

Recent tests at the Consumer Reports included emerging the Samsung Galaxy S7
Active under five feet of water for 30 minutes which resulted in damage to the
touchscreen and cameras. Similar to the standard S7 or the S7 Edge, the S7
Active has an IP68 rating, meaning it should be good for the 30 minutes in 5
feet of water routine. While the S7 and the S7 Edge passed the test, the S7
Active handsets failed.

Samsung has confirmed that any damage or defect on the S7 Active will be covered
under warranty, but it is always better that you experiment with it by yourself
before jumping into the pool or heading to the beach with it. Technicians
running the tests found that the phone did not work normally even after two days
of drying out, however, the S7 Active performed really well in other endearing
tests.

Samsung mentioned that it has received very few complaints about water damage
and they will investigate the issue. "There may be an off-chance that a
defective device is not as watertight as it should be," the company said in a
statement to Consumer Reports.

Source

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             225 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                               May 8, 2016 Sunday

S7 brings Galaxy series to completion in design, functionality '

LENGTH: 518 words


Samsung Electronics Galaxy S7By Yoon Sung-won

Since the very first Galaxy S in 2010, or even before that, Samsung Electronics
has pushed to establish a strong identity for its smartphones.

Ever since it became the world's largest smartphone maker, the company has not
just squeezed the top-notch applications processors, memory chips and display
panels into them but continued to try something new about its new flagship
handsets in terms of design.

After trials and errors, the Galaxy S series finally seems to reach the stage of
completion in establishing its design and product identity with the Galaxy S7.

The Korea Times tested the S7, provided by Samsung Electronics, and it not only
provided new technologies and up-to-date components but also revived the
functions that many Galaxy users have wanted back.

In terms of design, the S7 mainly inherited metallic frame from its predecessor
S6 series and improved the concept of rounded edges. It also removed the company
logo from the front side and put back the bulging camera module on the rear
side, maximizing the simplicity.

Without an additional cover, the S7's glossy body looks sleek. But at the same
time, it is vulnerable to fingerprints and easily leaves smudges when touched
with bare hands.

It has a 5.1-inch quad high-definition active-matrix organic light-emitting
diode display panel in the front, surround by slim bezel.

About functionalities, the S7 did not overreach. Its new features are focused on
what may help actual uses in daily lives.

One of such features is the water resistance function. With an IP68 rating, the
S7 can survive up to 30 minutes under shallow water. But it is also notable that
this does not mean that its display panel reacts to touch underwater.

The S7 also revived the external memory card slot as many yearned. Users now can
put a micro SD card beside the universal subscriber identity module on the top
of the device. The device supports up to 200 gigabytes of external memory
storage.

The S7 has a dual 12-megapixel rear camera with the optical imaging
stabilization function, as well as a 5-megapixel front camera that both support
up to f/1.7 aperture.

Considering smartphones' small-sized image sensor, the definition of 'quality
photo' may vary by taste of each user. But the cameras worked impressively well,
especially in dark environments, meaning that users can get more usable photos
day and night while they carry the handset in daily lives or in special
occasions like travel.

Tapping into Google's latest Android 6.0 'Marshmallow' mobile operating system,
the S7 does not provide a lot of new software functions exclusive to the Galaxy
series. Instead, it focused on optimizing native Android functions like the
'Always On,' which displays simple information like time and date around the
clock, for the device.

With a 4-gigabyte memory and an octa-core application processor - be it Samsung
Electronics Exynos 8890 or Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 - performed well enough to
run latest mobile games like Nexon's 'Heroes of Incredible Tales.' The 3,000mAh
non-detachable battery, however, fell short of expectation.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             226 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            February 29, 2016 Monday

Samsung to start Galaxy S7 preorder

BYLINE: By Kim Yoo-chul

LENGTH: 504 words


Samsung will start receiving preorders for its Galaxy S7 smartphones, both rigid
and curved, from March 4, the company said Monday.

'The company will start taking preorders of its Galaxy S7 (S7) and Galaxy S7
Edge (S7 Edge) from all three of the nation's carriers _ SK Telecom, KT and LG
Uplus _ beginning March 4,' it said.

Customers who signed up with the carriers to use either device before March 18
will get a 'Gear VR' headset for free.

The company said customers who want to receive a Gear VR or a wireless battery
pack should provide their personal information at www.samsung.com/sec/galaxys7.

The two Galaxy devices were unveiled at the company's mobile unpacked event
during this year's mobile expo held at the Fira Gran Via Convention Center,
Barcelona, Spain, last week with Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg putting much
adrenaline into the event with his unscheduled appearance.

Zuckerberg said Samsung Electronics is the 'best partner' in hardware and vowed
to strengthen the bilateral partnership to jointly boost virtual reality (VR)
content.

'Consumers who visit the country's top distributors such as HiMart and E-Mart,
as well as Samsung Digital Plaza and authorized handset outlets at the carriers
can have a test-trial either of the two Samsung phones,' said a company
official.

The S7 models will be available in four finishes _ black, white pearl, gold
platinum and silver titanium. Suggested retail price for the S7 with the rigid
design is expected to sell for 800,000 won, while the device with the curved
design could sell for 900,000 won without the carrier subsidy. The all new
Galaxy has enhanced its camera functionality using the company's finer image
sensor technology and has added new waterproof features. With the MicroSD slot,
users can expand the storage capacity to 200 gigabytes (GB).

Samsung Electronics mobile chief Ko Dong-jin said initial response for the
handsets is 'more than impressive.' But he declined to comment on the company's
sales target for the devices.

On a related note, LG Electronics plans to start taking preorders for its G5
handsets from customers in Korea after the Samsung session.

Given that the company's mobile chief Cho Juno's admitted that it will introduce
a heavy promotional campaign, LG is said to offer one of its light VR headsets
'360 VR,' 'LG CAM Plus,' or 'LG Hi-Fi Plus with B&A Play' as free gifts for
those who register for the G5 during the pre-order session.

The G5 adopted a modular-type design for the first time since LG Electronics
entered into the smartphone market in late 2011.

Devices using that type of design can be in sync with other hardware products,
though it remains to be seen whether many third-party developers or device
makers will support the LG design.

The suggested retail price for the G5 in Korea has not yet been published. But
LG started taking preorders for the G5 from consumers in the United Kingdom with
the price of about 930,000 won per unit.

The G5 will also be available in four colors _ silver, tan, gold and pink _ LG
said.

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             227 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                                 March 13, 2016

Pre-Registration for Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Begins

BYLINE: Emeka Aginam

LENGTH: 187 words


After months of speculation, Samsung Electronics West Africa has begun
pre-registration for its long line of Galaxy devices.

The smartphones on offer are the alluring Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge available in
32GB with expandable memory slot of 200 GB.

Meanwhile, Samsung is giving out free back cover to all pre-registered customers
who make a purchase from any authorized Samsung retail store nationwide.

Additionally, the 50 pre-registered customers to make a purchase at select
stores will also get a free Samsung virtual reality device, Gear (VR).

Speaking on the new development, Emmanouil Revmatas, Director of Information
Technology and Mobile, Samsung, said that Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge
represented the new galaxy of unlimited possibilities.

"Samsung did not just redefine these devices but also re-imagined what they
could do based on the feedback from the people who use them, and what they need
most from the devices. Our customers are the inspiration for any innovation.

"These devices do not only look great but feel great as well and comfortable to
hold. They are sleeker with smoother edges and lines," added Revmatas.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             228 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Hartford Courant

                              July 24, 2016 Sunday
                               Statewide Edition

Splash-Resistant Phones For The Summer

SECTION: SMARTER LIVING; D; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 320  words


Samsung Galaxy S7

CNET rating: 4.5 stars out of 5 (Outstanding)

The good: Polished design. Awesome camera. Long battery life. MicroSD storage
slot and water-resistant (again!).

The bad: Annoyingly reflective. Smudge magnet. Plastic-looking selfies even with
no filter. No removable battery, which isn't surprising, but is still a
compromise compared to 2014's S5.

The cost: $599 to $679.99

The bottom line: The fast, powerful, beautiful Galaxy S7 phone is 2016's
all-around phone to beat.

Samsung Galaxy S7 Active

CNET rating: 4.5 stars out of 5 (Outstanding)

The good: The Galaxy S7 Active has extra long battery life and is resistant to
dust, water and drops. It has the same speedy performance, expandable storage
and excellent camera quality as the original S7.

The bad: The bulky, plastic design feels cheap compared to the glass-and-metal
S7 and the phone is expensive.

The cost: $794.99

The bottom line: AT&T customers looking for a durable and high-end smartphone
can't go wrong with the Galaxy S7 Active.

Motorola Moto G4

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The Moto G4's big, bold screen and junk-free software make it a
pleasure to use throughout the day. Its ability to survive a dunking will appeal
to the clumsy among us.

The bad: Processor performance is great for everyday tasks, but gamers will want
to shop elsewhere.

The cost: $149.99

The bottom line: With its big, bold screen, water-resistant design and
rock-bottom price, the Moto G4 is a dazzling deal.

Sony Xperia X Performance

CNET rating: 3.5 stars out of 5 (Very good)

The good: Absolutely brimming with power, the Sony Xperia X Performance is well
designed and the only new Xperia to be waterproof.

The bad: Battery life needs a big boost for this phone to live up to its
potential.

The cost: $649

The bottom line: The Xperia X Performance runs rings around the basic Xperia X
and is a great phone for anyone who likes their handsets with a bit of grunt.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             229 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                     January 14, 2016 Thursday 09:36 AM EST

Leaks and rumors suggest Samsung's Galaxy S7 will challenge the iPhone 6s

BYLINE: Steven Max Patterson

SECTION: NEWSANALYSIS

LENGTH: 873  words


Click for image

Mobile fans and followers mark the seasons with Samsung's announcements of its
new flagship Galaxy S phone, at Mobile World Congress in February, and Apple's
iPhone announcements in September. As each announcement approaches, the leaks
and rumors surface and ripple throughout the news and social media.

Instead of adding a ripple with another report, greater clarity may come from a
look at the rumors as a whole to gauge what Samsung is trying to accomplish.

See also: The best Android phones of 2015, priced from high to low

Samsung plans its product cycles to optimize its manufacturing and distribution
costs so it can increase demand by cutting the price of its phone earlier in its
lifecycle. Last August, for example, Samsung cut $100 to $200 off the price for
its S6 and S6 Edge just a half year after they were introduced, with the
intention of helping the company compete with the iPhone 6s. Samsung still takes
a similar approach for older versions of its Galaxy smartphone - the S4, S5, and
S5 Mini - as well as many of its TVs and consumer appliances.

Samsung isn't Apple. It neither enjoys luxury brand status nor is it constrained
by investor pressure to maintain 40% gross margins, giving the company the
flexibility to cut prices to manage demand.

The premium-priced S7 has a few important milestones to reach in its first year.
It must be incrementally better in performance and build quality than last
year's Galaxy S6. It must compete with the iPhone 6s and stand up to competing
top-tier Android flagships from Motorola, Google, HTC, and LG.

Rumored hardware improvements for Galaxy S7

Three S7 models have been rumored or leaked. Two models, the 7S and 7S Edge,
will have a 5.1-inch, 1440x2560 pixel display at 577 ppi, according to the
rumors. The 7S Edge+ will reportedly have a 5.5-inch, 1440x2560 pixel display at
534 ppi.

These screens feature the same resolution of the S6 family. The Edge models
include the rounded-glass edges introduced last year. These displays top the
display resolution of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, at 326 ppi and 401 ppi,
respectively. However, the difference in resolution may be imperceptible to most
consumers.

Rumors that the S7 will be powered by either an Exynos 8890 or the latest
Snapdragon 820 Octa-core SoCs make sense because it's a big boost over the S6
and matches that of the iPhone 6s. Both the Snapdragon 810 and Exynos 8890 SoCs
perform very favorably against the Apple's A9, and should boost performance by
60% over the Galaxy S6's Exynos 7420.

However, SoCs have become so fast that, once again, consumers can't really
perceive relative performance improvements. But the 14nm feature size of the S7'
s SoC can theoretically reduce power consumption by up to 60%. Even if that
expected power reduction isn't achieved, better power management may be the only
processor improvement consumers notice.

If LTE Category 12 support is fully enabled (and used on a network that supports
it), the S7 will feature twice the data download speeds (600 Mbps) and three
times the upload speeds (150 Mbps) of either the S6 or iPhone 6s. This may not
be realistic, though, as the $10 cost per Gigabyte of mobile data would likely
make it unaffordable.

Photos of S7 prototypes haven't leaked yet. Perhaps, like the marginal
difference in the design of the iPhone 6 compared to the 6s, there may be little
difference in the design of the S6 and its successor. Samsung did, however, make
significant changes to S6 design last year, upgrading the materials and build
quality compared to the Galaxy S5, helping it remain fresh through another
product cycle.

Rumored S7 features consumers will appreciate most

Many expect the Galaxy S7 to feature Samsung's impressive new Britecell camera.
The Britecell camera module is designed to improve images taken in low light and
feature faster phase detection autofocus and faster HDR and WDR (presumably
using the S7's faster hardware).

Expected improvements to battery life and the cycle time to recharge the battery
will delight consumers, especially those upgrading from the S6. The S7 has been
reported to have a comparatively larger 3000mAh battery, and the S7 Edge+ a
3600mAh battery. It should also feature fast-charging USB Type-C that will store
a day's charge in about a half hour.

Though Samsung has not returned to a removable battery, many reports say that a
microSD card will be included, which will add at least 200GB of storage to the
base 32GB and 64GB of ROM. This will certainly appeal to people who don't want
to store their data, music, photos, and videos in the cloud.

A few reports said that the S7 will be waterproof and dustproof, meeting the
IP67 specification. It may indicate that the S7 may be more rugged, a response
to the shatterproof Motorola Turbo 2 and Apple and HTC's broken screen exchange
programs that have attracted consumers' attention.

Enhanced audio has been a repeated rumor. Many sources predict that the S7 will
include the high-performance Sabre 9018AQ2M chip to power headphones and
Bluetooth speakers with sound that extends beyond the smartphone category.

The cycle begins again next month. Samsung hopes to repeat the success of the S6
with the same year-long exercise of product management with the S7.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             230 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 6, 2016 Friday

Get a $200 guaranteed trade-in toward Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 edge or
Galaxy Note5

LENGTH: 327  words

DATELINE: New York



 Kansas: Sprint Corporation has issued the following Press release:



   Are you ready for the latest and greatest smartphone from Samsung but your
wallet maybe isn't? For a limited time, Sprint is offering new or current
customers a $200 savings on a new Samsung Galaxy S7, Samsung Galaxy S7 edge or
Samsung Galaxy Note5 when they trade in an eligible1 smartphone:







     The $200 trade-in brings the monthly cost of a Sprint Lease on Galaxy S7
(32GB) down to less than $18 per month for well-qualified customers ($17.66 for
24 months). That is just about 58 cents per day.

     The $200 trade-in brings the monthly cost of a Sprint Lease on Galaxy S7
edge (32GB) to less than $23 per month for well-qualified customers ($22.17 for
24 months).

     The $200 trade-in brings the monthly cost of a Sprint Lease on Galaxy Note5
(32GB) to less than $17 per month for well-qualified customers ($16.67 for 24
months.)



 This great offer will be available in all Sprint retail stores for a limited
time only. Customers shopping through Sprint.com and 1-800-Sprint1 will receive
a $200 service credit within three invoices of their device being received. This
is a great deal for anyone looking to get the hottest Galaxy phones but also go
easy on their wallet.



 Now is the perfect time to try Sprint and its 30-Day Satisfaction Guarantee, 2
which invites consumers to experience America's fastest LTE Network. The Sprint
LTE Network delivers the fastest download speeds and3 is more reliable with
better coverage than ever! If you're not completely satisfied, Sprint will
refund your money. No gimmicks, it's that simple. Best of all, new customers
continue to have the opportunity to save 50 percent off most AT&T, T-Mobile and
Verizon standard rate plans when they switch to Sprint.4 In addition, Sprint
will cover switching fees up to $650 per line.5



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             231 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            October 14, 2016 Friday

Note 7 fallout to cost Samsung more than W7tr

LENGTH: 432 words


[THE INVESTOR] The fallout from the Galaxy Note 7 is estimated to cost Samsung
Electronics more than 7 trillion won (US$6.1 billion), according to the company
and industry analysts Friday.

The Korean tech giant announced Friday that the opportunity cost from the halt
in production of the Note 7 is estimated to be a mid-4 trillion-won sum during
the coming two quarters. It is a combined figure made up of a mid-3 trillion-won
sum in the fourth quarter and 1 trillion won in the first quarter of next year,
Samsung said.

On Wednesday, Samsung had already revised down its third-quarter earnings, which
reflected losses from the first global recall, which costs around 1 to 1.5
trillion won, and the second recall, which costs around 2.6 trillion won.

Models promote Samsung Electronics` Galaxy Note 7 series.

In total, the halts in sales and production of the fire-prone Note 7 cost
Samsung Electronics more than 7 trillion won.

The operating profits of the company's internet and mobile division in the
fourth quarter is also estimated to drop more than 20 percent year-on-year to
close to 2 trillion won, according to analysts estimates.

Soh Hyun-cheol, an analyst at Shinhan Investment Corp. estimated Samsung's
internet and mobile division's operating profit at 1.7 trillion won, projecting
smartphone sales would drop 12.6 percent year-on-year to 72 million units in the
fourth quarter.

To cover the cost from the Note 7, Samsung plans to focus on other premium
smartphone brands such as the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge.

"We plan to normalize our mobile business by expanding sales of flagship models
such as the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge," Samsung said Friday.

The tech giant also reportedly plans to shift operations of plants in Gumi and
Vietnam -- originally for the Note 7 -- to produce the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge.

The performance of the internet and mobile division will depend on the demand of
the Galaxy S7 during the two coming quarters before the Galaxy S8 is rolled out
in the first quarter of next year, said Kim Dong-won, an analyst from Hyundai
Securities.

Regarding the latest fallout, most analysts shared the view that Samsung needs
to recover consumer trust in the market first before launching its new
smartphone Galaxy S8 next year.

"Samsung may improve earnings in its mobile division in the first quarter of
next year if it investigates the causes of the explosions, discloses the
solution for the production of the Galaxy S8, and adopts compensation programs
in case of possible explosions," said Kim Sun-woo, an analyst at Meritz
Securities.

By Shin Ji-hye/The Korea Herald (

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             232 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                          September 24, 2016 Saturday

The mess around the Galaxy Note 7 recall is getting worse

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 464 words


Samsung's problems seem to be getting worse as the company tries to orchestrate
the replacement of millions of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphones, which have been
found to explode and catch fire.

If that were not bad enough, there is now a report that the Samsung Galaxy S7, a
separate smartphone that has been on the market since March, may have caused a
car fire in Port St. Lucie, Fla., ABC News reported. While police were initially
investigating whether a Galaxy Note 7 was the cause of that fire, the wife of
the car's owner told ABC that the smartphone was a Galaxy S7.

Doubts about the safety of the other Samsung products would be a major problem
for Samsung. Not only has the Galaxy S7 been a big hit, the smartphone is being
offered to consumers as part of the current replacement program.

It's not clear whether this latest fire was caused by the same problem as the
Galaxy Note 7 fires, whether it could be part of a separate issue or whether it
is an isolated incident. Neither Samsung nor the Consumer Product Safety
Commission immediately responded to a request for comment on whether the recall
may be expanded to include other Samsung devices.

Then there's last week, when a California man filed a suit against Samsung
alleging that the Galaxy S7 Edge - a larger version of the S7, with a curved
screen - exploded and burned him, according to a USA Today report.

That followed a report from Britain's Sun newspaper that an S7 Edge had exploded
in a teacher's hands. Samsung told the Sun: "There are no known safety issues
with Galaxy S7 devices. This issue is currently being investigated, and our
customer services team is in contact with the customer regarding the matter."

The process of recalling an estimated 2.5 million Galaxy Note 7 smartphones from
users has been messy. When reports of explosions first surfaced in Korean media,
Samsung initiated a voluntary replacement program, encouraging customers to turn
off their phones and trade them in to Samsung or their carriers. But those
actions drew criticism from Consumer Reports and others who said that the
seriousness of the defect merited a formal recall, which would make it illegal
to continue selling the phones.

Samsung began working with the Consumer Product Safety Commission on an official
recall. But that collaboration has led to complications in the return timeline,
as all recall-related actions must be made in conjunction with the government
agency.

Muddying matters further, Samsung advertisements in Korea said the firm would
issue a software update there that would limit the Galaxy Note 7's battery to 60
per cent capacity to mitigate the risk of fire, but there was no guidance from
Samsung on whether that would also be available in the United States or whether
such a cap reduces the risk of fires.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             233 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

The mess around the Galaxy Note 7 recall is getting worse

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 464 words


Samsung's problems seem to be getting worse as the company tries to orchestrate
the replacement of millions of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphones, which have been
found to explode and catch fire.

If that were not bad enough, there is now a report that the Samsung Galaxy S7, a
separate smartphone that has been on the market since March, may have caused a
car fire in Port St. Lucie, Fla., ABC News reported. While police were initially
investigating whether a Galaxy Note 7 was the cause of that fire, the wife of
the car's owner told ABC that the smartphone was a Galaxy S7.

Doubts about the safety of the other Samsung products would be a major problem
for Samsung. Not only has the Galaxy S7 been a big hit, the smartphone is being
offered to consumers as part of the current replacement program.

It's not clear whether this latest fire was caused by the same problem as the
Galaxy Note 7 fires, whether it could be part of a separate issue or whether it
is an isolated incident. Neither Samsung nor the Consumer Product Safety
Commission immediately responded to a request for comment on whether the recall
may be expanded to include other Samsung devices.

Then there's last week, when a California man filed a suit against Samsung
alleging that the Galaxy S7 Edge - a larger version of the S7, with a curved
screen - exploded and burned him, according to a USA Today report.

That followed a report from Britain's Sun newspaper that an S7 Edge had exploded
in a teacher's hands. Samsung told the Sun: "There are no known safety issues
with Galaxy S7 devices. This issue is currently being investigated, and our
customer services team is in contact with the customer regarding the matter."

The process of recalling an estimated 2.5 million Galaxy Note 7 smartphones from
users has been messy. When reports of explosions first surfaced in Korean media,
Samsung initiated a voluntary replacement program, encouraging customers to turn
off their phones and trade them in to Samsung or their carriers. But those
actions drew criticism from Consumer Reports and others who said that the
seriousness of the defect merited a formal recall, which would make it illegal
to continue selling the phones.

Samsung began working with the Consumer Product Safety Commission on an official
recall. But that collaboration has led to complications in the return timeline,
as all recall-related actions must be made in conjunction with the government
agency.

Muddying matters further, Samsung advertisements in Korea said the firm would
issue a software update there that would limit the Galaxy Note 7's battery to 60
per cent capacity to mitigate the risk of fire, but there was no guidance from
Samsung on whether that would also be available in the United States or whether
such a cap reduces the risk of fires.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             234 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             March 11, 2016 Friday

Galaxy S7 smartphones starts sales in S. Korea

LENGTH: 308 words


Samsung Electronics started selling its latest high-end smartphones -- Galaxy S7
and the Galaxy S7 Edge -- in South Korea on Friday.

The two models, first showcased at a trade fair in Spain last month, come with
improved batteries and are water and dust resistant. The company also brought
back the micro SD card slot that had disappeared in the Galaxy S6 series.

Samsung's Galaxy S7 (Yonhap)

The world's top smartphone-maker said the local price of the 32 gigabyte (GB)
Galaxy S7 is 836,000 won ($690), slightly lower than the initial price of
858,000 won for the 32GB Galaxy S6.

The price tag on the 32GB Galaxy S7 Edge stands at 924,000 won, also down 5.6
percent from its predecessor.

Local consumers can pay between 500,000 won and 700,000 won for the phones
depending on pay plans offered by different telecom operators.

Samsung Electronics is hoping for the smartphones to lend support in promoting
its mobile payment platform, Samsung Pay.

The mobile platform supports magnetic secure transmission technology that works
on traditional credit card machines. Like rivals Apple Pay and Android Pay, it
also supports near field communication technology that requires a separate
transaction device.

Samsung Pay, also operating in South Korea, is expected to reach China this
month, eventually expanding to seven countries in 2016, including Australia,
Brazil, Singapore and Britain.

The launch of the new Galaxy phones come amid slowing global smartphone market
coupled with the soaring demand for budget handsets locally and globally.

Samsung's IT and mobile unit, which is in charge of smartphones, posted an
operating profit of 2.23 trillion won in the fourth quarter, up from 1.96
trillion won a year earlier. But the sector's operating profit continued to
remain well below the 6.43 trillion won posted in the first quarter of 2014.

(khnews@heraldcorp.c

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             235 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Chennai Online

                           March 14, 2016 6:30 AM EST

Over 100,000 units Galaxy S7 series sold in first two days

LENGTH: 206  words


More than 100,000 units of Samsung Electronics Co.'s Galaxy S7 series
smartphones were sold in South Korea within the first two days of its official
launch, data showed on Sunday.

Sales of the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge reached a combined 60,000 on Friday
and 40,000 on Saturday after the smartphones hit South Korean market on Friday,
Yonhap cited the official data as showing.

The Galaxy S7 Edge accounted for some 40 percent of the two-day sales, the data
added.

The initial pace of sales is roughly on par with demand generated when the
Galaxy S6 series phones reached the market last year.

Samsung said sales for Saturday, which is usually a "slow day" when it comes to
sales, fared pretty well.

The two latest high-end smartphone models, first showcased at a trade fair in
Spain last month, came with much larger battery capacities and are water-proof
and dust-resistant.

The phones also sport a much improved low-light camera with extremely fast auto
focusing. The company, moreover, brought back an expandable memory option that
was missing in the Galaxy S6 series.

Samsung expects the Galaxy S7 series to play a decisive role in revitalizing
sales as the company's mobile business division has remained well below its
heyday figures.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


 Copyright 2016 Chennai Interactive Business Services (P) Ltd., distributed by
                                  Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             236 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                               May 9, 2016 Monday

WINNING EDGE

BYLINE: Hanna Sheikh Mokhtar

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 472 words


Hanna Sheikh Mokhtar checks out the new Samsung Galaxy s7 edge.

WITH a 5.5-inch screen and curved design, the Samsung Galaxy s7 edge is striking
and eye-catching. At 157g, it's light and the curved wrap-around design makes it
feel like you're holding a pebble.

SCREEN

The phone has a larger Gorilla Glass 4 covering the curves and extending to the
sides, hence its name, the Galaxy s7 edge.

The QHD resolution of 2,560 x 1,440 results in a sharp and crisp display on the
5.5-inch size screen. The Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen technology with
16M display, makes the phone look classy.

The contrast ratio - the difference between the whitest white and the blackest
black - is pretty sensational as the pixels are turned off when they are not is
use.

The Galaxy S7 edge screen also has the added benefit of the side display, which
is accessed by swiping your thumb along from the right or left side of the
screen (you can specify your preference in the settings).

Samsung has also reduced the camera protrusion on the rear of the phone down to
just 0.42mm. This means it's barely noticeable when you're placing the phone
down and yet strong enough to help protect the lens.

MINOR DRAWBACK

The sensitivity of the edge screen has caused me to accidentally send one or two
uncompleted messages. When I was typing with my thumb, my hand would
accidentally graze the edge screen and send off my unfinished message. This can
be rather awkward.

GREAT FUNCTIONALITY

The Galaxy s7 edge, with its elegant rim and clean lines, and complete with
exposed ports, is water resistant with an IP68 rating.

Although there is only a single speaker at the bottom of the Galaxy s7 edge, it
is noticeably louder than other mono speakers. Just ensure you don't cover the
speaker when music and videos are in playback mode.

Another great feature is that the Galaxy s7 edge will never be turned off and
the screen permanently displays a clock, calendar or pattern.

It also charges quickly, 1.5 hours for a full charge that lasts the whole day
though I am taking pictures and videos for most of the time.

CAMERA

Its dual-pixel technology camera is great. Even though it's only a 12 MP primary
camera, it comes with f/1.7, 26mm, phase detection autofocus, OIS, LED flash and
check quality. This results in superb quality pictures and vibrant colours. The
secondary camera is a 5MP, f/1.7, 22mm, with dual video call, and Auto HDR.

SPECS

The Galaxy s7 edge runs on the Android Marshmallow OS (version 6.0). It has 4GB
RAM and 32GB internal memory. It comes with Samsung's own chipset, the Exynos
8890 Octa. This makes it a fast phone to use for accessing emails, messages,
browsing Chrome or playing games.

VERDICT

This is an awesome phone and despite its retail price (RM3,099), it's a good
investment.

DESIGN *****

USER-FRIENDLINESS ****

FEATURES **** 1/2

VALUE-FOR-MONEY ****

( END )

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bots

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                             237 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            March 19, 2016 Saturday

Telenor and Samsung together launch Galaxy S7

SECTION: Vol. 30 No. 16

LENGTH: 140  words


Enriching its portfolio of powerful 3G-enabled handsets, Telenor Pakistan in
collaboration with Samsung has exclusively launched the highly anticipated
Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge smartphones. As a Telenor-exclusive first-come
first-served offer, any customer who buys S7 or S7 Edge on cash from Telenor
gets a free Gear VR. The deal also features exclusive Telenor prepaid and
postpaid bundle offers for Samsung users.

The smartphones can be purchased at any Telenor Sales and Service Center across
the country for a price of PKR 79,000 and PKR 89,000 for Samsung Galaxy S7 and
Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge respectively. Some of the phones' key features
include5.1/5.5 inches super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, dual-core 2.15 GHz
Kryo and dual-core 1.6 GHz Kryo CPU, and 32/64 GB internal memory that's
expandable up to 200 GB through microSD card.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             238 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Thirsting for a cool phone? try a new galaxy;
Samsung's Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge look great, have expandable storage and are
water-resistant

BYLINE: Ed Baig

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 749 words


Apple's iPhone and Samsung's Galaxy are the Coke and Pepsi of smartphones.

The ongoing debate is, "Who's got the fizz?"

The latest to sparkle are the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge devices that I've
been testing for the past week or so. The phones hit U.S. stores Friday at
starting retail prices among North American carriers of around $650 and $750 for
the S7 and S7 Edge, respectively. Of course, various monthly installment pricing
deals requiring no money down are available.

The new phones are handsome and bear a strong resemblance to last year's
praiseworthy S6 and S6 Edge devices. Improvements this time around center around
features Samsung brought back (after removing them on the S6s), notably water
resistance and expandable storage.  Rival iPhones aren't water resistant and
don't have expandable memory.

The basics: I like the way both Galaxys feel. The back is smooth, almost
slippery, but comfortable to hold. The bezels are narrow. The rear camera barely
sticks out.

One significant drawback, though: the rear surface is prone to smudges and
reveal fingerprints.

Speaking of fingerprints, the fingerprint sensor to unlock the phone worked
well. You can also use the fingerprint sensor to verify purchases through
Samsung Pay.

The displays: The 5.36-ounce S7 has a brilliant Quad HD 5.1-inch display, the
same size screen as the S6. The Edge weighs a bit more and has a 5.5-inch Quad
HD display. That's the same screen size as the iPhone 6s Plus, despite that
Samsung's phone is considerably smaller than Apple's phablet.

Edge is so named because of the customizable secondary edge screen that with a
swipe of your finger cascades along the curved right side of the phone. Samsung
devotes more space to the edge display on the new model, and I found  it more
useful for accessing frequently used apps or glancing at headlines and stock
quotes.

You can also set the Edge screen to light up when you get a call or receive
notifications if the phone is turned over. Once or twice, however, I
inadvertently summoned the display when I didn't want to.

There's also an "always on" display feature that shows you the clock, your
calendar and notifications for missed calls over a dark background.

Battery life: Both Samsung phones come with 32 GB of internal storage, the only
option in the U.S. But you can expand that capacity by adding an optional
microSD card, which is concealed inside the device on the same tray that holds
the phone's SIM card.

The feature leaps  are evolutionary, not revolutionary. Here are the major ones:

Water resistance. This means you can carry it in a torrential downpour or
inadvertently drop it in a puddle or toilet, which for testing purposes I did.
Fortunately, the auto flush didn't gobble it up and the phone survived. Better
still, there no longer is an awkward protective flap covering the USB port as
was the case on the water-resistant Galaxy S5.

For the record, Samsung says the phones can withstand up to 5 feet of water for
up to a half-hour. The phones are said to be resistant to dust, too.

Camera. The S7 and S7 Edge boast first-rate camera systems that let you
automatically focus on a subject really fast, certainly quicker than the iPhone
6s or 6s Plus. Samsung has also bolstered the ability to shoot in low light.

I was generally very pleased with the quality of the pictures (and videos) that
I shot in auto mode. Serious photographers can manually change the shutter
speed, ISO and a number of other camera settings.

Battery. As with the S6 and S6 Edge, the batteries inside the latest devices
cannot be removed by the user, a bummer for some. But the latest phones boast a
much larger battery than on earlier models, promising to last longer.

The phone charges quickly, too. In my tests, I powered up from zero to a 47%
charge on the S7 in 30 minutes and reached 88% in an hour. On the S7 Edge I got
to 41% in a half-hour and 77% in an hour.

Worth noting. The phones have regular USB connectors, rather than the  USB-C
standard that is slowly emerging.

Samsung has been making a big push into virtual reality. A 360-degree camera is
on the way. And the new phones are compatible with Samsung's Gear VR virtual
reality headgear.

THE BOTTOM LINE

Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge

$650 on up for S7, $750 on up for S7 Edge

www.samsung.com

Pro. Handsome phones boast big batteries, brilliant displays, expandable
storage, excellent cameras, water-resistant, always-on display.

Con. Lacks USB-C. Battery is not removable. Body attracts smudges and
fingerprints.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo photos by Richard Drew, AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             239 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                             March 3, 2016 Thursday

Samsung's offer

SECTION: Vol. XXIX No. 362

LENGTH: 84  words


Samsung has now begun the pre-booking of the most anticipated smartphones of
2016, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge in Pakistan. For each confirmed booking of
these devices, the buyer will get a free Gear VR and this special promotional
offer will continue from 2nd March till 12th March 2016.

The Price of the Galaxy S7 Edge in Pakistan has been fixed at Rs.88, 999 while
the Galaxy S7 Flat has been priced at Rs.78,999/- People can visit selected
stores all across Pakistan to pre-book Galaxy S7 Galaxy S7 edge.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             240 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                             March 13, 2016 Sunday

Over 100,000 units Samsung Galaxy S7 series sold in first two days

LENGTH: 210  words

DATELINE: Seoul


Seoul, March 13 -- More than 100,000 units of Samsung Electronics Co.'s Galaxy
S7 series smartphones were sold in South Korea within the first two days of its
official launch, data showed on Sunday.


 Sales of the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge reached a combined 60,000 on Friday
and 40,000 on Saturday after the smartphones hit South Korean market on Friday,
Yonhap cited the official data as showing.
 The Galaxy S7 Edge accounted for some 40 percent of the two-day sales, the data
added.
 The initial pace of sales is roughly on par with demand generated when the
Galaxy S6 series phones reached the market last year.
 Samsung said sales for Saturday, which is usually a "slow day" when it comes to
sales, fared pretty well.
 The two latest high-end smartphone models, first showcased at a trade fair in
Spain last month, came with much larger battery capacities and are water-proof
and dust-resistant.
 The phones also sport a much improved low-light camera with extremely fast auto
focusing. The company, moreover, brought back an expandable memory option that
was missing in the Galaxy S6 series.
 Samsung expects the Galaxy S7 series to play a decisive role in revitalizing
sales as the company's mobile business division has remained well below its
heyday figures.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             241 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            October 14, 2016 Friday

Note 7 fallout to cost Samsung more than W7tr

LENGTH: 482 words


The fallout from the Galaxy Note 7 is estimated to cost Samsung Electronics more
than 7 trillion won ($6.1 billion), according to the company and industry
analysts Friday.

The Korean tech giant announced Friday that the opportunity cost from the halt
in production of the Note 7 is estimated to be a mid-4 trillion-won sum during
the coming two quarters. It is a combined figure made up of a mid-3 trillion-won
sum in the fourth quarter and 1 trillion won in the first quarter of next year,
Samsung said.

On Wednesday, Samsung had already revised down its third-quarter earnings, which
reflected losses from the first global recall, which costs around 1 to 1.5
trillion won, and the second recall, which costs around 2.6 trillion won.

In total, the halts in sales and production of the fire-prone Note 7 cost
Samsung Electronics more than 7 trillion won.

The operating profits of the company's internet and mobile division in the
fourth quarter is also estimated to drop more than 20 percent year-on-year to
close to 2 trillion won, according to analysts estimates.

Soh Hyun-cheol, an analyst at Shinhan Investment Corp. estimated Samsung's
internet and mobile division's operating profit at 1.7 trillion won, projecting
smartphone sales would drop 12.6 percent year-on-year to 72 million units in the
fourth quarter.

(Yonhap)

To cover the cost from the Note 7, Samsung plans to focus on other premium
smartphone brands such as the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge.

"We plan to normalize our mobile business by expanding sales of flagship models
such as the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge," Samsung said Friday.

The tech giant also reportedly plans to shift operations of plants in Gumi and
Vietnam -- originally for the Note 7 -- to produce the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge.

The performance of the internet and mobile division will depend on the demand of
the Galaxy S7 during the two coming quarters before the Galaxy S8 is rolled out
in the first quarter of next year, said Kim Dong-won, an analyst from Hyundai
Securities.

Regarding the latest fallout, most analysts shared the view that Samsung needs
to recover consumer trust in the market first before launching its new
smartphone Galaxy S8 next year.

"Samsung may improve earnings in its mobile division in the first quarter of
next year if it investigates the causes of the explosions, discloses the
solution for the production of the Galaxy S8, and adopts compensation programs
in case of possible explosions," said Kim Sun-woo, an analyst at Meritz
Securities.

Samsung, reeling from the painful Note 7 fallout, also vowed to improve its
product development that critics say is largely at fault due to its rigid
organizational culture.

"We will focus on enhancing product safety for consumers by making significant
changes in its quality assurance processes," Samsung added in its statement,
without disclosing further details.

By Shin Ji-hye (shinjh@heraldcorp.c

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             242 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           October 13, 2016 Thursday

Samsung Galaxy S7 owners are getting reminded their phone is not being recalled

LENGTH: 176  words


Its the Note7 being recalled, not the S7.

Samsung S7 owners is reportedly getting a direct notification on their phones
reminding them that their devices are not under the same worldwide recall
program as the Note 7.

The message is clearly meant to inform Galaxy S7 owners and also perhaps to
reassure them their phone will not explode. Samsung seems to think that some
Galaxy S7 owners have started to confuse their phone for the Note7 because they
both have a 7 in their name, even the S7 came out months before the Note 7.

For sure, Samsung does not want Galaxy S7 owners to return or exchange their
phones for something else out of confusion. Due to recent events, the company
has already cut back its profit forecast for the third quarter of 2016 from 7.8
trillion won (about $7.0 billion) down to 5.2 trillion won ($4.6 billion) due to
the Note 7 recall. Some financial analysts are predicting the revenue loss for
Samsung could be as high as $17 billion. Those predictions could get even worse
if S7 owners think their phones could blow up as well.

Source

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             243 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                      August 23, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Samsung Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Prices Drop By INR 5,000

BYLINE: Team TechTree

LENGTH: 255  words


The price cut makes perfect marketing sense as it will push the demand of the
flagship handset.

In what might be a surprise move, Samsung has given two of its flagship
handsets, a INR 5,000 price cut, namely the S7 and S7 edge. As reported by
Gadgets NDTV, the news of the price drop was reported by a Mumbai based
retailer, but later confirmed independently. The Samsung Galaxy S7 will now have
a dealer price tag of INR 43,400 in India, while the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge will
be available at dealers for INR 50,900. The prices quoted here, are those of the
32GB variants of the phone, which were launched at INR 48,900 for the S7 and INR
56,900 for the S7 edge, respectively.

The S7 duo was initially revealed at MWC 2016, and only a month later did the
pair make an appearance in the India market. The edition to be launched in
India, happens to the 32GB variant only. But hopefully, it receives a price cut
which could bring a new set of consumers into the fold, who have appreciated the
handset earlier. However, considering that Samsung Galaxy Note 7 phablet has
just been launched, the price cut makes perfect strategic marketing sense to
push the demand of the flagship handset up. Launched with a price tag of INR
59,900, the sale of the Note 7 shall start from September 2, and the pre-booking
orders are being taken till August 30. With a steeper price range, the flagships
are meant for consumers with deep pockets, but the for the geeks, the features
and firepower matter more and will bring in the customers accordingly.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             244 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                              April 8, 2016 Friday

After Android M update, should you buy Samsung S7 edge or S6 edge?

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 349 words


NEW DELHI: Samsung has finally pushed the latest Android Marshmallow update to
its Galaxy S6 edge. Indian consumers have already reported receiving it. The new
software update package also adds edge screen features,, to the older S6
edge.Apart from 'Always-On' display and concierge service, the older S6 edge now
features same software functionalities found on the new S7 edge, which costs
around Rs 56,900. The older flagship is available for as low as Rs 40,999.The S7
edge boasts better performance, camera, IP68 water and dust proofing and sports
a new design.

However, consumers looking for an alternative to iPhone 6/6S (16GB) or someone
keen on buying the S7 edge but cannot afford it, the S6 edge would offer same
edge screen advantage. The S6 edge doesn't support microSD cards like S7 edge.
Users will have to stick to around 25GB of onboard storage on the 32GB
version.Samsung via its My Galaxy app has also introduced an buyback scheme for
S6 edge users. This allows people to get a discount, in the price range of
between Rs 20,000 and Rs 22,000, while exchanging it with a new S7 edge unit.
The discount price depends on the condition and age and is determined by
Cashify. The app suggests a discount price and nearest store which is offering
the upgrade scheme.Both Galaxy S7 and S7 edge smartphones sport similar
hardware. While the Galaxy S7 offers a 5.1-inch display, weigh 152 gram and is
powered by a 3,000mAh battery, on the other hand, the bigger S7 edge sports a
5.5-inch display, 3,600mAh battery and weighs 5 gram more. The two new high-end
smartphones have a Quad HD Super AMOLED display with a resolution of 2560 x 1440
pixels.Samsung has finally brought back the microSD card slot. They now support
up to 200GB microSD cards.Other specs of the new Galaxy smartphone include
Exynos 8890 64-bit octa-core (2.3GHz quad-core + 1.6GHz quad-core) processor
with with 4GB LPDDR4 RAM, 12MP dual pixel f/1.7rear camera with smart OIS, 5MP
selfie shooter, 4G support (LTE Cat 9), Fast Charging along with other regular
connectivity options.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             245 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                             March 14, 2016 Monday

Over 100,000 Galaxy S7 sold in first two days

LENGTH: 250 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, March 14 -- More than 100,000 units of Samsung Electronics Co.'s
Galaxy S7 series smartphones were sold in South Korea within the first two days
of its official launch, data showed Sunday.

Sales of the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge reached a combined 60,000 on Friday
and 40,000 on Saturday after the smartphones hit South Korean market on Friday,
Yonhap cited the official data as showing.

The Galaxy S7 Edge accounted for some 40 per cent of the two-day sales, the data
added. The initial pace of sales is roughly on par with demand generated when
the Galaxy S6 series phones reached the market last year, reports
http://indiatoday.intoday.in

Samsung said sales for Saturday, which is usually a "slow day" when it comes to
sales, fared pretty well. The two latest high-end smartphone models, first
showcased at a trade fair in Spain last month, came with much larger battery
capacities and are water-proof and dust-resistant.

The phones also sport a much improved low-light camera with extremely fast auto
focusing. The company, moreover, brought back an expandable memory option that
was missing in the Galaxy S6 series. Samsung expects the Galaxy S7 series to
play a decisive role in revitalizing sales as the company's mobile business
division has remained well below its heyday figures.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                             246 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             August 2, 2016 Tuesday

Galaxy Note 7 is officially here with a 5.7-inch screen and tons of impressive
internals

LENGTH: 337  words


Samsung's flagship phablet, Galaxy Note 7 has been officially announced and
packs terrific hardware and features inside its 5.7-inch screen

If you haven't yet upgraded to a Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 edge, then a Galaxy Note
7 was probably the device that you've been waiting for. Samsung pointed out that
the company's designers and engineers were having difficulty in creating a
curved edge screen for users that would allow them to take advantage of the
S-Pen accessory as well as give them plenty of room to play around the display
with their fingers.

With careful precision, the dual curved edge came into being on a Galaxy Note 7
and its Super AMOLED QHD display is probably going to be the best display on
smartphones for 2016. The phablet does not come with 6GB of RAM as we were all
led to believe. The smartphone comes with 4GB of LPDDR4 RAM. A large amount of
RAM will definitely consume more battery life so it's a good thing that Samsung
kept its hand away for making upgrades that the average consumer would probably
not take advantage of.

With 4GB RAM and an abundant number of software improvements, we are certain
that the company could leap huge distances with its Galaxy Note 7 the same way
it has with its Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge. There is a 3,500mAh battery
present, which is slightly smaller than the 3,600mAh capacity present in the
edge version of Galaxy S7, but it's still bigger than the cell present in Galaxy
Note 5. There isn't a dual rear camera present, but you still get the capable
12MP camera with an f/1.7 aperture.

Like its predecessors announced earlier this year, Galaxy Note 7 too is going to
be announced in two chipset versions: Exynos 8890 and Snapdragon 820. The actual
release date of the smartphone is going to be August 19, and it is speculated
that the unlocked price tag of the smartphone will range between the $849-$949
mark. We will be showcasing the different features present inside the 5.7-inch
smartphone shortly, so stay tuned for further updates coming your way shortly.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             247 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                      April 20, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Samsung to market pink gold variant of Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge

BYLINE: John DiPietro

LENGTH: 674  words


You have seen Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge in lack onyx, gold platinum, white pearl and
silver titanium, but never in pink gold. Soon you will have those smart phones
available in that color as well.

More than six months after Apple released a rose gold variant of its iPhone 6S
and 6S Plus in late 2015, Samsung has introduced pink gold smartphone. The new
color scheme announced on Wednesday by Samsung would soothe and incorporate a
touch of gentleness, radiance and sophistication.

The South Korean tech company has first launched the latest color variant in
Korea and soon it will be available in the markets there. The skin toned is
introduced to provide so called sense of comfort to its users.

Customers can soon pay for their Samsung devices with Samsung Pay, which has
partnered with American Express, MasterCard, Visa, and major banks such as
DBS/POSB, OCBC Bank, and Standard Chartered.

In Southeast Asia, Singapore will be the first to roll out Samsung Pay when it
will be available in Quarter 2, 2016. Singapore will then be joined by South
Korea, the United States, and China. Samsung Pay will be available on the
Samsung Galaxy Note 5 4G+, Galaxy S6 edge+ 4G+, Galaxy S7 4G+, and S7 edge 4G+.

"Singapore's connectivity and openness are ideal conditions for our new mobile
service to thrive, together with the interest and readiness of consumers here in
adopting this new method of payment," said Injong Rhee, EVP and head of R&D,
software and services of mobile communications business at Samsung.

Samsung Pay will become far more superior to Apple Pay, which only available to
American Express credit cards holders in Singapore and Australia.

"Pyre tells the story of three wanderers living in exile in a vast purgatory
called the Downside, fighting for the chance to rejoin their homeland. They
travel and battle in the Rites, a secret competition for those in exile who wish
to be absolved, fighting together with a blend of magic and dexterity. While
much of the game remains cloaked in mystery, it's due to hit PlayStation 4 and
Steam simultaneously in 2017," according to a news report published by Engadget.

We do know a few things about Pyre: It's a party-based role-playing game and the
third title from Supergiant Games. It follows in the footsteps of Supergiant's
Bastion and Transistor, two beautiful and atmospheric experiences, though it
seems to have a wonderful Banner Saga undertone. Supergiant will showcase Pyre
at PAX East from April 22nd to 24th, in booth #8212. If you'll be there, get
your hands on some of this gorgeousness.

According to a report in GameSpot by Chris Pereira, "Here's how it sets up the
story: "At the beginning of the game, your luck has almost run out when several
masked wanderers find you and revive you from the brink. With your help, they
seek to learn the truth about the Rites, a secretive competition through which
the worthiest exiles can return home, absolved of their transgressions."

"As you journey across the Downside in the wanderers' custom blackwagon, you'll
meet a variety of characters of all shapes and sizes, and learn what's in store
for each of them should they prevail in the Rites. Your actions will determine
who returns to glory, and who remains in exile to the end of their days."

A report published in CinemaBlend revealed, "A new action-RPG for the
PlayStation 4 and PC called Pyre is set for release in 2017 from Supergiant
Games, the creator of Bastion and Transistor. The new title will be a
party-based RPG where players will venture through a mystical purgatory on a
journey to absolve themselves of being exiles."

Graphically, the game is very intriguing. The mix of 3D models in what looks
like hand-painted backgrounds gives the game a very artsy feel. The animations
of the traveling caravan that players will use to venture throughout the world
gives the game a fun-filled look, and the hint of yet another awesome original
soundtrack from Supergiant (and presumably Darren Korb?) could help put Pyre up
there as another noteworthy game from the independent developer.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             248 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

WARNING! SAMSUNG S7 EDGE CATCHES FIRE TOO

BYLINE: Ali Ahmed

SECTION: Vol. 52 No. 268

LENGTH: 226  words


It seems like problems for Samsung continue to worsen, as reports of Galaxy S7
Edge handset catches fire surfaced in Philippines.

A Galaxy S7 Edge from the Philippines caught fire for reasons unknown to date.
Weng Briones, the owner of the ill-fated handset posted images of a completely
destroyed S7 Edge, claiming that the phone began to heat up and smoke.

"We went to Samsung store at SM City Taytay and they have refunded my money in
full," wrote Briones on Facebook.

"Kudos to all the staff of Samsung SM Taytay for their immediate action
regarding my issue. In spite of the unfortunate incident, I am however,
impressed by their after-sales support. Much respect to Samsung. Keep safe
everyone."

The incident comes after Galaxy Note 7, which was released amid much fanfare in
August, made headlines after events of faulty batteries, led Samsung to take a
major step of a global recall of the product.

Samsung had to temporarily halt sales of the newly launched device and had to
offer exchange units for the hazardous ones, reported Tech Times.

Meanwhile, this is not the first Galaxy S7 Edge to catch flames. A man from New
Jersey sustained second- and third-degree burns after a Galaxy S7 edge exploded
in his shirt pocket earlier this month. However, BGR reported that the events
are isolated incidents, so one should not panic about their Galaxy S7 edge.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                             249 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

SAMSUNG UNVEILS GALAXY S7

SECTION: Vol. 27 No. 54

LENGTH: 89  words


Samsung Electronics announced the newest additions to the Galaxy family of
products, Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge. Created for today's consumer
lifestyle, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge lead the industry with a refined design,
more advanced camera, streamlined software functionality and unparalleled
connectivity to a galaxy of products, services, and experiences.

DJ Koh, President of Mobile Communications Business, Samsung Electronics said
that we believe in a world that is brighter, sharper, more convenient, and more
fun.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                             250 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung Galaxy S7 Coming to Boost Mobile on March 11 and Virgin Mobile USA on
March 18

LENGTH: 292 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Kansas: Sprint Corporation has issued the following Press release:



   There are two ways to save with the Samsung Galaxy S7 as it lands Friday,
March 11, at Boost Mobile and Friday, March 18, at Virgin Mobile USA. Available
in Black Onyx and priced at $649.99 (plus tax), Galaxy S7 can be paired with
no-contract plans from Boost Mobile and Virgin Mobile, giving customers a couple
of great options to fit their needs.





 Water-Resistant Capabilities Heading to the beach for spring break? This device
withstands spills and splashes so you can truly relax yet stay connected
wherever you go. If it gets wet, just pick it up, wipe it off and keep going!
Galaxy S7 has an IP68 rating, making it water-resistant in up to 5 feet of water
for up to 30 minutes1.



 Big on screen and slim on profile, Galaxy S7 boasts a 5.1-inch crisp Quad HD
Super AMOLED® display. As the world's first Dual Pixel smartphone camera, Galaxy
S7 makes it easy to capture low-light photos with incredible clarity. Additional
features include Samsung Pay2 mobile payment service, a bigger battery, and 32GB
of internal storage with the ability to insert a microSD card for up to 200GB of
additional storage3.









 Save up to 50 Percent when you switch to Boost Mobile

 Boost Mobile is taking family plans to a whole new level and offering a chance
for T-Mobile,

 AT&T and Verizon customers to save up to 50 percent off their monthly payment4
when they switch to Boost Mobile. For a limited time, customers who ditch
T-Mobile, AT&T or Verizon for Boost Mobile family plans will get 10GB of
high-speed data per line. Plans5 start at two lines for only $60 a month.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             251 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                             March 8, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge to launch in India today

LENGTH: 281 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, March 8 -- The recently unveiled Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge at
the Unpacked event will arrive in India on March 8, according to a report by The
Times of India. The report also adds that Samsung plans to invest about Rs 100
crore on marketing the new flagship devices in the bid to outdo arch rival
Apple. The Galaxy S7 and S7 edge are expected to go on sale from the third week
of March.

There is no word on the India pricing, but it is likely to match iPhone 6s
models. The pricing of Samsung models is speculated to start around Rs 45,000.
The Times of India pegs prices between Rs 50,000 and Rs 60,000. Citing people
related to the matter, an earlier report added that Samsung has planned
additional consumer promotion as well. It is also planning to cut down prices of
some of its older models. On the other hand, the report adds that Apple has also
planned something 'big'. It was just recently that Samsung announced Galaxy A5
and A7 2016 editions for the Indian market. On the other hand, Apple has planned
a 4-inch iPhone model to be launched on March 21, and likely to hit emerging
markets like China and India. Unveiled recently at a pre-MWC2016 event, the S7
comes with a 5.1-inch super AMOLED dispay with 2550 x 1440 pixels. Although the
US market would get the Snapdragon 820 variant, global markets would find their
Galaxy S7 powered by a Samsung Exynos chipset instead. In this year's version of
its flagship, Samsung has bumped up the RAM to 4GB.-Asfar

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                             252 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            December 28, 2015 Monday

Samsung Galaxy S7 to get two screen sizes

LENGTH: 208  words


By tbreak Staff -

The Samsung Galaxy S7 has been in the rumor mill a lot recently. The latest
rumors suggest that it will be coming in two different screen sizes.

According to a recent report from South Korea's ET News, the Samsung Galaxy S7
will come in two screen sizes. One version will reportedly have a flat, 5.2 inch
display while the other will be an Edge variant, with a curved 5.5 inch screen.
It was rumored earlier that the Galaxy S7 will include a 5.7 inch display, the
same size as the screen on the S6 Edge+.

Having two different screen sizes is a new strategy by Samsung, as its earlier
flagship S6 came in flat and curved screen variants, but with the same 5.1 inch
screen. This new approach is similar to competitor Apple, who released the
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus with 4.7 inch and 5.5 inch screens respectively. ET News
also reported that Samsung is planning on an initial production run of
approximately 5 million units for the new Galaxy, which will be split between
3.3 million for the S7 and 1.6 million for the S7 Edge.

Reports from The Wall Street Journal also suggest that the S7 will have a March
release date and will look very similar to the S6 with a pressure sensitive
screen.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/69/145138200548.jpg



LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             253 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            August 3, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 another flagship killer for Apple?

LENGTH: 624  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Aug. 3 -- New York/ With South Korean giant Samsung introducing a
refreshing Galaxy Note 7 sporting an iris biometric scanner, the road ahead for
Apple to safeguard its iPhone boundaries - including on its home turf - has
become tougher.


 The Note 7 with curved display will be available on August 19 with pre-orders
starting on Wednesday, technology website The Verge reported. The company also
released a new Gear VR headset at its Galaxy Note Unpacked 2016 in New York.
 According to the reports, the price of Note 7 will match with prior devices
like Note 5 (there was no Note 6) and will be higher than its flagship
smartphone S7 Edge which is about USD 770 to USD 800. An unlocked version of the
Note 7 will be available in the US at a later date.
 This is the first device with Gorilla Glass 5 screen and has a USB-C charger
port - Samsung's first such device. Note 7 has more sensitive and accurate S Pen
stylus.
 Packed with Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor, 4GB RAM and 12-megapixel camera,
it is water resistant and has support for microSD cards. The device has 64GB of
internal storage and the battery has been increased to 3,500 mAh capacity (Note
5 has 3,000 mAh battery).
 Is Note 7 another flagship killer for Apple like S7 and S7 Edge devices?
 "Market sentiments are not with Apple at the moment, especially after the poor
third quarter results and decline in iPhone sales. Expectations are also a bit
low on the upcoming iPhone 7 so Samsung will continue to have a good run in
months to come," Tarun Pathak, Senior Analyst, Mobile Devices and Ecosystems,
Counterpoint Research, told IANS.
 "Although Apple has a loyal user base and its iOS is the most popular operation
system, Samsung somehow has a momentum going on in their favour. I think Apple
has to look at strengthening and upgrading iPhone SE and older models like
iPhone 5 which are still selling hot in countries like India," he added.
 Apple's third-quarter net income plunged 27 percent to USD 7.8 billion on a
decline of iPhone sales. According to the Cupertino-based tech giant, 40.4
million iPhones were sold in the quarter, compared with 47.5 million in the same
period of 2015.
 Meanwhile, riding on the strong sales of its Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge
smartphones, Samsung Electronics declared 8.14 trillion won (USD 7billion) year
on-year operating profit - 18 percent - in the second quarter results.
 According to Samsung, it shipped about 90 million handsets in the April-June
period with smartphones making up more than 80 per cent of the total, the Korea
Herald reported.
 Samsung's second-quarter smartphone shipments are estimated at about 72 million
units, almost doubling Apple's iPhone shipments of 40.4 million units during the
same period.
 Smartphone shipments in India grew a healthy 15 percent in the second quarter
this year compared to the global smartphone market which grew a mere three per
cent, market research firm Counterpoint Research reported.
 "This time, Note 7 has all the features which are very similar to S7 and S7
Edge. S7 and S7 Edge did quite well compared to previous series of Galaxy S6
phones. The big driving factor for Galaxy S7 this round was the price was more
competitive compared to previous Galaxy S6 series," said Anshul Gupta, research
director at market research firm Gartner.
 "Two years have gone by so first series of iPhone users who actually bought
large screen iPhone 6 device, they are now due for renew so this round is going
to be big for Apple. They need to stun the world with iPhone 7," Gupta told
IANS.
 Apple is reported to hold a Special Event in the second week of September with
the expected launch of the iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, Apple Watch 2, new MacPro,
new iPod Touch, MacMini and new MacBook.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             254 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            February 2, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung to unveil Galaxy S7, S7 Edge smartphone at Galaxy Unpacked 2016

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 228 words


NEW DELHI: The South Korean smartphone maker Samsung has announced its 'Galaxy
Unpacked 2016' event on 21 February ahead of MWC 2016, which is scheduled to
kick off on 22nd February.

As per speculations, the company is expected to unveil its next flagship
smartphone Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge+ at the event. Samsung has also released
a teaser video that says, 'the next Galaxy'. The video also incorporates an
image of a partially opened box highlighting glowing edges forming the number
'7'.

According to the rumoured specifications, Samsung Galaxy S7 will flaunt a
5.1-inch QHD display powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor. The handset
will offer 4GB of RAM and 64GB of internal storage. It will come equipped with a
12MP rear camera with LED flash and a 5MP front facing snapper for clicking
selfies.

The manufacturer is also expected to launch the handset with Exynos 8890 CPU in
some smartphone markets.

The Samsung Galaxy Unpacked event will take place at de Convencions
Internacional de Barcelona on 21st February, and starts at 19:00 CET (11:30 PM
IST). The company will also live stream the event on its YouTube channel.

Recently, Samsung also launched its much awaitedin India priced at Rs 24,300 and
Rs 25,800 respectively. The company introduced the Tizen OS based smartwatch at
IFA Berlin for the first time last year.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             255 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            February 2, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung to unveil Galaxy S7, S7 Edge smartphone at Galaxy Unpacked 2016

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 228 words


NEW DELHI: The South Korean smartphone maker Samsung has announced its 'Galaxy
Unpacked 2016' event on 21 February ahead of MWC 2016, which is scheduled to
kick off on 22nd February.

As per speculations, the company is expected to unveil its next flagship
smartphone Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge+ at the event. Samsung has also released
a teaser video that says, 'the next Galaxy'. The video also incorporates an
image of a partially opened box highlighting glowing edges forming the number
'7'.

According to the rumoured specifications, Samsung Galaxy S7 will flaunt a
5.1-inch QHD display powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor. The handset
will offer 4GB of RAM and 64GB of internal storage. It will come equipped with a
12MP rear camera with LED flash and a 5MP front facing snapper for clicking
selfies.

The manufacturer is also expected to launch the handset with Exynos 8890 CPU in
some smartphone markets.

The Samsung Galaxy Unpacked event will take place at de Convencions
Internacional de Barcelona on 21st February, and starts at 19:00 CET (11:30 PM
IST). The company will also live stream the event on its YouTube channel.

Recently, Samsung also launched its much awaitedin India priced at Rs 24,300 and
Rs 25,800 respectively. The company introduced the Tizen OS based smartwatch at
IFA Berlin for the first time last year.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             256 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday

S7 surprise: New Samsung Galaxy flagships come with Made in India features, Made
for India concierge service

BYLINE: nandagopal rajan

LENGTH: 237  words


Samsung today launched its flagship Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge in India, well
within a fortnight of their global launch at the Mobile World Congress in
Barcelona. The two phones will come with the heavy component of Make in India
features as well as Made for India services.

The phones arguable have the best cameras in Android devices, most of which was
tested and developed at Samsung's R&D facility in Bangalore. It is also ready
the second largest such facility for the Korean tech giant.

Watch: How Samsung Galaxy S7's Concierge service works

Giving some extra value for customers of the premium devices in India, Samsung
is now adding a layer of concierge services in the My Galaxy app. Manu Sharma,
director mobile at Samsung India, said along with curated services, S7 customers
will get to jump the queue at around 400 service centres and will also have
pickup and drop facility with the option of getting a standby device if needed.
The concierge will be in the form of an on-call personal assistant powered by
Haptik, Inc available from 10am to 6pm every day along with a chat service with
longer timings.

The curated services will be deep linked in the My Galaxy app and will include
partners offering discounted cab, shopping, travel, recharge and local services
among others.

While these service add-ons will be limited to S7 customers now, Sharma said
they could be extended to users to Galaxy S6 and Note 5 soon.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             257 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             August 2, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung's flagship phablet, Galaxy Note 7 has been officially announced and
packs terrific hardware and features inside its 5.7-inch screen

LENGTH: 329  words


If you haven't yet upgraded to a Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 edge, then a Galaxy Note
7 was probably the device that you've been waiting for. Samsung pointed out that
the company's designers and engineers were having difficulty in creating a
curved edge screen for users that would allow them to take advantage of the
S-Pen accessory as well as give them plenty of room to play around the display
with their fingers.

The Samsung Galaxy #note7 will be available in dual sim model for AED 2999 in
UAE in gold, silver and black
A video posted by Tbreak Media (@tbreak_com) on Aug 2, 2016 at 9:20am PDT

With careful precision, the dual curved edge came into being on a Galaxy Note 7
and its Super AMOLED QHD display is probably going to be the best display on
smartphones for 2016. The phablet does not come with 6GB of RAM as we were all
led to believe. The smartphone comes with 4GB of LPDDR4 RAM. A large amount of
RAM will definitely consume more battery life so it's a good thing that Samsung
kept its hand away for making upgrades that the average consumer would probably
not take advantage of.

With 4GB RAM and an abundant number of software improvements, we are certain
that the company could leap huge distances with its Galaxy Note 7 the same way
it has with its Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge. There is a 3,500mAh battery
present, which is slightly smaller than the 3,600mAh capacity present in the
edge version of Galaxy S7, but it's still bigger than the cell present in Galaxy
Note 5. There isn't a dual rear camera present, but you still get the capable
12MP camera with an f/1.7 aperture.

Like its predecessors announced earlier this year, Galaxy Note 7 too is going to
be announced in two chipset versions: Exynos 8890 and Snapdragon 820. The Middle
East will be receiving the Exynos version on the August 19 although if you have
pre-ordered, you might get it earlier. The price of the phone has ben set to AED
2999 and sadly, the blue colour won't make it to the Middle East.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             258 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            October 21, 2016 Friday
                               Bangalore Edition

Samsung Bets on S7 to Drive Sales in Festive Season

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: BRANDS & COMPANIES

LENGTH: 376 words


Samsung India said it is confident the Galaxy Note 7 fiasco will not impact its
smartphone sales this quarter, and is also hopeful of gaining market share.

The country's largest smartphone maker will also vacate the 3G smartphone space
and all its upcoming launches will only be 4G handsets, a senior company
executive said.

The company said its festive sales are going as per expectations, which will
result in record volumes in India this year.

The company aims to achieve this by focusing on the earlier flagships -Galaxy S7
and S7 Edge, launched earlier this year and through several model launches
planned this quarter, said Manu Sharma, vice president (mobile business),
Samsung India Electronics.

\x93We have converted the Note 7 pre-booked customers in India to S7 and S7
Edge. We are humbled by the loyalty of the consumers towards the brand. There is
now a strong sales momentum on S7 and S7 Edge. By virtue of being a full range
player with 25 models across segments, we are confident to grow our share and
sales this quarter,\x93 said Sharma.

As per estimates, S7 and S7 Edge sales has doubled since the last week in India
when the company announced permanent withdrawal of the Note 7 handset globally
after there were reports of the \x93corrected\x93 handsets, too, catching fire.

Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge sales growth has increased from 20% to 40% over the last
10 days, a person aware of the development said. Sharma declined to comment on
the sales. Samsung has also stepped up promotions for the two models during this
period.

Samsung has already launched eight devices this quarter and more are in the
pipeline.

\x93We already have the largest 4G handset portfolio. Around 80% of the
smartphone market is now 4G handsets and hence we will only launch such
handsets,\x93 he said.

The cheapest Samsung 4G handset is the Z2 selling at around ' . 4,900. The
prices of Samsung's 4G smartphone portfolio is likely to plunge further
considering the 3G models may reach end of life soon.

As per market tracker GfK, Samsung had around 48.7% value share in the Indian
smartphone market as of August 2016 as compared to 41.6% in August last year.
Figures for September are yet to be announced. The company was originally
supposed to launch Note 7 on September 2.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             259 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            October 21, 2016 Friday
                                Kolkata Edition

Samsung to Drive Festive Sales with S7

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: COMPANIES: PURSUIT OF PROFIT

LENGTH: 375 words


Samsung India said it is confident the Galaxy Note 7 fiasco will not impact its
smartphone sales this quarter, and is also hopeful of gaining market share.

The country's largest smartphone maker will also vacate the 3G smartphone space
and all its upcoming launches will only be 4G handsets, a senior company
executive said.

The company said its festive sales are going as per expectations, which will
result in record volumes in India this year.

The company aims to achieve this by focusing on the earlier flagships -Galaxy S7
and S7 Edge, launched

earlier this year and through several model launches planned this quarter, said
Manu Sharma, vice president (mobile business), Samsung India Electronics.

\x93We have converted the Note 7 prebooked customers in India to S7 and S7 Edge.
We are humbled by the loyalty of the consumers towards the brand. There is now a
strong sales

momentum on S7 and S7 Edge. By virtue of being a full range player with 25
models across segments, we are confident to grow our share and sales this
quarter,\x93 said Sharma.

As per estimates, S7 and S7 Edge sales has doubled since the last week in India
when the company announced permanent withdrawal of the Note 7 handset globally
after there were reports of the \x93corrected\x93 handsets, too, catching fire.

Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge sales

growth has increased from 20% to 40% over the last 10 days, a person aware of
the development said.Sharma declined to comment on the sales. Samsung has also
stepped up promotions for the two models during this period.

Samsung has already launched

eight devices this quarter and more are in the pipeline.

\x93We already have the largest 4G handset portfolio. Around 80% of the
smartphone market is now 4G handsets and hence we will only launch such
handsets,\x93 he said.

The cheapest Samsung 4G handset . 4,900. The is the Z2 selling at around '
prices of Samsung's 4G smartphone portfolio is likely to plunge further
considering the 3G models may reach end of life soon.

As per market tracker GfK, Samsung had around 48.7% value share in the Indian
smartphone market as of August 2016 as compared to 41.6% in August last year.
Figures for September are yet to be announced. The company was originally
supposed to launch Note 7 on September 2.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             260 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      The Observer (Gladstone, Queensland)

                            March 12, 2016 Saturday

Samsung S7 delivers;
ARM gadgets editor Mark Furler runs the rule over tech giant's new phone
offering

BYLINE:  Mark Furler,

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 400  words


FROM the dim interiors of churches in Barcelona to the candlelight of my
daughter's 18th birthday, Samsung's Galaxy S7 blitzed the low light camera test.

The S7 and S7 edge was launched in Spain with promises of an even better camera
than the S6, which won many accolades. And, we haven't been disappointed.

The secret is a new F1.7 lens on both sides of the camera and larger pixels on
the rear camera which let more light in.

In a very dimly lit restaurant, it easily captured the smiling faces of my
daughter and her three closest friends, together with the bright coloured walls
behind them.

Focus is definitely faster on the S7 thanks to its dual pixel sensor - the first
on a smartphone camera. It uses 100% of the pixel for detection.

Samsung says each pixel has two photodiodes that capture light independently,
allowing enhanced photo capture in the dark.

You have to be moving the camera a fair bit to get a blurred shot.

New features of the camera also include a new motion panorama through swiping
the screen or tilting the device.

Samsung is well known for taking pretty flattering selfies. The front display is
used as the front flash, while an additional glow can be added to the face with
spotlight in beauty mode.

The overall look and feel of the phone has certainly taken a big step forward.

The curved edges make for a super sleek phone which looks good, feels great in
the hand and slim in the pocket.

The 5.1" Galaxy S7 and 5.5" Galaxy S7 edge combine 3D glass and metal, while the
curves were perfected through a proprietary process called 3D Thermoforming. The
end result is not unlike a finely crafted surfboard.

One of the great party tricks of the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge is spilling water on
it - or just plonking it in a glass of liquid.

It is completely sealed from within meaning it is water and dust resistant. It
can survive in up to 1.5 metres of water for 30 minutes.

It also comes with expandable storage of an extra 200GB through the microSD card
slot.

One of my favourite features of the phone is the always on display, which can be
customised to show information such as time, date, and number of unread text
messages.

The Galaxy S7 edge also offers quick access to your most frequently used apps.

The interface is beautiful to look at, especially browsing through news or
sports headlines.

Overall, the S7 is already shaping up as the phone to beat in 2016. Over to you
Apple.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OGO


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             261 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                            March 19, 2016 Saturday

TELENOR EXCLUSIVE LAUNCH PARTNER OF SAMSUNG

BYLINE: Salim Ahmed

SECTION: Vol. 27 No. 79

LENGTH: 282  words


Enriching its portfolio of powerful 3G-enabled handsets, Telenor Pakistan in
collaboration with Samsung has exclusively launched the highly anticipated
Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge smartphones. As a Telenor-exclusive first-come
first-served offer, any customer who buys S7 or S7 Edge on cash from Telenor
gets a free Gear VR. The deal also features exclusive Telenor prepaid and
postpaid bundle offers for Samsung users.

The smartphones can be purchased at any Telenor Sales and Service Center across
the country for a price of PKR 79,000 and PKR 89,000 for Samsung Galaxy S7 and
Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge respectively. Some of the phones' key features include
5.1/5.5 inches super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, dual-core 2.15 GHz Kryo and
dual-core 1.6 GHz Kryo CPU, and 32/64 GB internal memory that's expandable up to
200 GB through microSD card.

Expressing his views on partnership, Irfan Wahab Khan, Deputy CEO and CMO,
Telenor Pakistan, said: Our twofold strategy for larger digital inclusion in
Pakistan comprises developing device ecosystem and bringing innovative digital
products/services to our customers. Our collaboration with Samsung to
exclusively launch Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge in Pakistan serves both parts of our
strategy as the new handsets make our device portfolio richer while delivering
the best user experience through exclusive prepaid and postpaid bundle offers
that are a part of the deal.

Also commenting on the partnership, Jae Hwan Lee, President Samsung Electronics
Pakistan, said: Being the world's leading innovators in mobile technology, we at
Samsung realize that the true power of our state-of-the-art handsets cannot be
harnessed unless paired with a rich operator service.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                             262 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            October 21, 2016 Friday

Samsung India to drive festive sales with S7

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 361 words


KOLKATA: Samsung India said it is confident the Galaxy Note 7 fiasco will not
impact its smartphone sales this quarter, and is also hopeful of gaining market
share.

The country's largest smartphone maker will also vacate the 3G smartphone space
and all its upcoming launches will only be 4G handsets, a senior company
executive said.

The company said its festive sales are going as per expectations, which will
result in record volumes in India this year. The company aims to achieve this by
focusing on the earlier flagships -- Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge, launched earlier
this year and through several model launches planned this quarter, said Manu
Sharma, vice president (mobile business), Samsung India Electronics.

"We have converted the Note 7 prebooked customers in India to S7 and S7 Edge. We
are humbled by the loyalty of the consumers towards the brand. There is now a
strong sales momentum on S7 and S7 Edge. By virtue of being a full range player
with 25 models across segments, we are confident to grow our share and sales
this quarter," said Sharma.

As per estimates, S7 and S7 Edge sales has doubled since the last week in India
when the company announced permanent withdrawal of the Note 7 handset globally
after there were reports of the "corrected" handsets, too, catching fire.

Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge sales growth has increased from 20% to 40% over the last
10 days, a person aware of the development said. Sharma declined to comment on
the sales. Samsung has also stepped up promotions for the two models during this
period. Samsung has already launched eight devices this quarter and more are in
the pipeline.

"We already have the largest 4G handset portfolio. Around 80% of the smartphone
market is now 4G handsets and hence we will only launch such handsets," he said.
The cheapest Samsung 4G handset is the Z2 selling at around Rs 4,900. The prices
of Samsung's 4G smartphone portfolio is likely to plunge further considering the
3G models may reach end of life soon.

As per market tracker GfK, Samsung had around 48.7% value share in the Indian
smartphone market as of August 2016 as compared to 41.6% in August last year

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             263 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              July 8, 2016 Friday

Four standout phones are great for gift list;
Know someone who needs a new handset? Try these.;
PRODUCT REVIEWS

BYLINE: By CNET.com

SECTION: ; Pg. SA4

LENGTH: 636 words


The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge has a larger curved screen and larger battery than
the otherwise identical standard S7.

The iPhone 6S Plus has a few key advantages that give it an edge for serious
iPhone users, but its size might not a good fit for some users.

The LG G5's modular design lets users swap in accessories and has two rear
cameras, expandable storage and a replaceable battery.

For hardware prowess, value for money and extras, the Google Nexus 6P is hard to
beat, even if its design errs on the big-and-boxy side.

There are some people on everybody's gift list who never seem to want anything,
but whom you know deserve something great.

Fortunately, phones make a great gift and that old handset your hard-to-buy-for
giftee is using needs to be replaced.

Here are four of the best candidates for the job:

Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge

Product Review: http://www.cnet.com/products/samsung-galaxy-s7
-edge/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 5 stars out of 5 (Spectacular)

The good: The Galaxy S7 Edge has a gorgeous larger curved screen and larger
battery than the otherwise identical standard S7. It really is something
special. The extra navigation tools can be useful when used judiciously.

The bad: When you pile on these extra navigation tools, they slow you down
rather than speed you up. It's pricier than other good phones.

The cost: $599 to $799.99

The bottom line: The gorgeous Galaxy S7 Edge makes the best Android phone that
much better.

iPhone 6S Plus

Product Review:
http://www.cnet.com/products/apple-iphone-6s-plus/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4.5 stars out of 5 (Outstanding)

The good: Improved speed, better cameras, always-on Siri, and pressure-sensitive
3D Touch display compared to last year's 6 Plus. And it has slightly better
battery life, a bigger higher-resolution screen, and optical image stabilization
for photos and video that can make a difference.

The bad: It's really big. It costs more than the smaller iPhone. Other
phablet-sized phones offer longer battery life.

The cost: $599 to $1,149.96

The bottom line: The iPhone 6S Plus has a few key advantages that give it an
edge for serious iPhone users, but its big body still may not fit for a lot of
people.

LG G5

Product Review: http://www.cnet.com/products/lg-g5-review/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The LG G5's unique modular design lets you swap in fun accessories. It
has (two!) great rear cameras, expandable storage and a replaceable battery - a
rarity in high-end phones.

The bad: Although you can swap out some parts, there aren't enough to make this
feature compelling. You can only access the phone's app drawer in a specialized
theme.

The cost: $624

The bottom line: This is the phone to get if you want a removable battery, but
it fails to live up to its world-changing Swiss Army knife potential.

Google Nexus 6P

Product Review: http://www.cnet.com/products/google-nexus-6p/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: One of the first two Android 6.0 phones, Google's metal Nexus 6P has a
sharp, high-resolution screen and a solid camera, an accurate fingerprint
reader, loud speakers and works with every major carrier. Its lower cost makes
it a good top-tier value buy.

The bad: It's big, a bit boxy and top-heavy, the fingerprint reader's position
isn't always convenient, and the 6P ditches the wireless charging of previous
models.

The cost: $499 to $649

The bottom line: The Nexus 6P doesn't have the most inspiring design, but when
it comes to hardware prowess, value for money and Google extras, this best-ever
Nexus is hard to beat.

The following CNET staff contributed to this story: Section Editor Jessica
Dolcourt, Senior Associate Editor Lynn La, Senior Editor Scott Stein and Senior
Editor Laura K. Cucullu. For more reviews of personal technology products,
please visit www.cnet.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             264 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              July 8, 2016 Friday

Four standout phones are great for gift list;
Know someone who needs a new handset? Try these.;
PRODUCT REVIEWS

BYLINE: By CNET.com

SECTION: ; Pg. SA4

LENGTH: 636 words


The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge has a larger curved screen and larger battery than
the otherwise identical standard S7.

The iPhone 6S Plus has a few key advantages that give it an edge for serious
iPhone users, but its size might not a good fit for some users.

The LG G5's modular design lets users swap in accessories and has two rear
cameras, expandable storage and a replaceable battery.

For hardware prowess, value for money and extras, the Google Nexus 6P is hard to
beat, even if its design errs on the big-and-boxy side.

There are some people on everybody's gift list who never seem to want anything,
but whom you know deserve something great.

Fortunately, phones make a great gift and that old handset your hard-to-buy-for
giftee is using needs to be replaced.

Here are four of the best candidates for the job:

Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge

Product Review: http://www.cnet.com/products/samsung-galaxy-s7
-edge/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 5 stars out of 5 (Spectacular)

The good: The Galaxy S7 Edge has a gorgeous larger curved screen and larger
battery than the otherwise identical standard S7. It really is something
special. The extra navigation tools can be useful when used judiciously.

The bad: When you pile on these extra navigation tools, they slow you down
rather than speed you up. It's pricier than other good phones.

The cost: $599 to $799.99

The bottom line: The gorgeous Galaxy S7 Edge makes the best Android phone that
much better.

iPhone 6S Plus

Product Review:
http://www.cnet.com/products/apple-iphone-6s-plus/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4.5 stars out of 5 (Outstanding)

The good: Improved speed, better cameras, always-on Siri, and pressure-sensitive
3D Touch display compared to last year's 6 Plus. And it has slightly better
battery life, a bigger higher-resolution screen, and optical image stabilization
for photos and video that can make a difference.

The bad: It's really big. It costs more than the smaller iPhone. Other
phablet-sized phones offer longer battery life.

The cost: $599 to $1,149.96

The bottom line: The iPhone 6S Plus has a few key advantages that give it an
edge for serious iPhone users, but its big body still may not fit for a lot of
people.

LG G5

Product Review: http://www.cnet.com/products/lg-g5-review/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The LG G5's unique modular design lets you swap in fun accessories. It
has (two!) great rear cameras, expandable storage and a replaceable battery - a
rarity in high-end phones.

The bad: Although you can swap out some parts, there aren't enough to make this
feature compelling. You can only access the phone's app drawer in a specialized
theme.

The cost: $624

The bottom line: This is the phone to get if you want a removable battery, but
it fails to live up to its world-changing Swiss Army knife potential.

Google Nexus 6P

Product Review: http://www.cnet.com/products/google-nexus-6p/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: One of the first two Android 6.0 phones, Google's metal Nexus 6P has a
sharp, high-resolution screen and a solid camera, an accurate fingerprint
reader, loud speakers and works with every major carrier. Its lower cost makes
it a good top-tier value buy.

The bad: It's big, a bit boxy and top-heavy, the fingerprint reader's position
isn't always convenient, and the 6P ditches the wireless charging of previous
models.

The cost: $499 to $649

The bottom line: The Nexus 6P doesn't have the most inspiring design, but when
it comes to hardware prowess, value for money and Google extras, this best-ever
Nexus is hard to beat.

The following CNET staff contributed to this story: Section Editor Jessica
Dolcourt, Senior Associate Editor Lynn La, Senior Editor Scott Stein and Senior
Editor Laura K. Cucullu. For more reviews of personal technology products,
please visit www.cnet.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             265 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Both Galaxy S7 models sport Sony's next-gen camera sensor and custom audio chip

LENGTH: 395  words


By tbreak Staff -

We have already provided you with a breakdown of the hardware specifications of
Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge, and its internals are downright impressive. Apart
from the components that deliver stellar performance, there are two components
that you might not have heard about from both devices; it's the camera sensor
and its audio chip. Both Galaxy S7 devices are outfitted with a 12.3MP Sony
IMX260 rear camera sensor, which is definitely a sizable upgrade over IMX240
that were present in both smartphone's predecessors.

The advantage of having smaller number of megapixels and a very wide fixed
aperture is that more light will be able to enter the lens and be processed by
each pixel, delivering an outstanding and lightning fast image capture in low
and high-light environments. Smartphones have always suffered in low-light
conditions, and it looks like Samsung is dead serious in ending this limitation
once and for all. The second component that we hardly hear people talking about
was the audio chip.

Lucky CS47L91 Sound is the name on the chip, and while we are not familiar with
the brand, we are confident that since this is a high-end device, it will
deliver impeccable sound quality through the speaker grill present at the bottom
of the smartphone. Samsung claims the CPU is about 30 percent faster and the GPU
is 60 percent faster on the Galaxy S7 compared to the previous models. Battery
capacity has also been increased with the S7 featuring a 3000mAh battery and the
S7 Edge a 3600mAh battery.

Also new is an always-on screen that can display time, calendar or some built-in
images. Samsung claims that the battery drain is less than 1 percent per hour
with the always-on screen. On the software side, the Edge panel is now wider and
supports third party integration so expect to see widgets for news and sports.
Samsung also supports folders like the iPhone now so you can drag and drop icons
to create folders. A Game launcher is also added that collects all your games in
its section while game tools allow you to disable notifications and buttons
without leaving a game.

If you want, you can check out our hands-on video with both handsets and tell us
what you thought.

SamMobile

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/21/145623215547.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/2/145623215610.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/56/145623215627.jpg



LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             266 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Observer (Sri Lanka)

                             March 20, 2016 Sunday

Two new smartphones from Samsung

LENGTH: 366 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, March 20 -- Two Samsung smartphones, the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge
was launched at the Galle Face Hotel in Colombo last week.

"In our relentless search for a device that embodies the future of mobility, the
Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge innovate in the areas of performance and design to
create a device that re-imagines what a smartphone can be," Managing Director,
Samsung Electronics, Sri Lanka, Youngmin Shin said.

The S7s were shipped to Sri Lanka a month after the world first caught a glimpse
of the device at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona and is expected to reach
customers through local partners.

Customers making pre-orders will receive a wireless charger and a clear phone
cover with their purchase.

"The S7 come in black or gold, while the S7 Edge come in black, gold, or silver
options. The smartphones are powered by meaningful innovations that will make
the lives of people better," he said.

Shin said Samsung Research and Development (R&D) in Southwest Asia played a
significant role in the development of the new devices, with a platform to cater
to the needs of premium users in Sri Lanka with Samsung Concierge.

The consumer engagement platform has been customised to offer valuable services
such as dedicated VIP hotline, dedicated email support with 24-hour response
time, dedicated service counter at service centers in Colombo, Kandy and Galle.

The R&D team also contributed to developing the Motion Panorama feature that
will enable consumers to capture live events in detail by capturing every piece
of dynamic motion.

The Spotlight Selfie feature that provides consumers a studio-like environment
with virtual light source, was developed by engineers in Southwest Asia.

The Galaxy S7 and S7 edge use a new 3D thermoforming process, which brings metal
and glass together for an apparent seamless view.

The devices also feature a 'Always on Display' which allows users to easily
check for updates, without having to worry about unlocking the phone.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Sunday Observer (Sri Lanka).
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2016 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             267 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung to offer 12,500 Galaxy S7 Edge phones to all Olympic athletes

LENGTH: 163 words


[THE INVESTOR] Samsung Electronics said on July 19 it will offer 12,500 Galaxy
S7 Edge smartphones to all athletes participating in the upcoming Summer
Olympics in Rio de Janerio, Brazil.

The phone model to be offered is the company's latest Olympics-themed Galaxy S7
Edge. It will be offered together with the Gear Icon X, the new wireless
Bluetooth earbuds. The total amount is estimated at about 15 billion won (US$13
million).

Samsung's Olympics-themed Galaxy S7 Edge

During the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics, the company offered 3,000 Galaxy Note 3
phones to all the participating athletes.

The Olympic Games edition of Galaxy S7 Edge features black metal sides and the
buttons are colored to correspond with the Olympic rings. The home button and
earpiece are yellow, the power button is red and the volume rocker is green.

A total of 2,016 limited editions will be sold in Korea, Brazil, the US, Germany
and China. In Korea, the phone is priced at 1.06 million won.

By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             268 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            February 1, 2016 Monday

Samsung set to unveil next flagship later this month '

LENGTH: 340 words


Samsung Electronics Co. said Monday it will showcase its next flagship
smartphone, rumored to be the Galaxy S7, later this month.

Through an invitation card that shows a black box with a blue lining on the
edge, the South Korean tech giant said it will hold the "Unpacked" event on Feb.
21 at 7:00 p.m. (Spain time) in Barcelona.

In 2015, its invitation for the Galaxy S6 showed a silhouette of a curved line
and the phrase "What's Next." This year's invitation held no significant phrase,
except for the date and venue of the event.

Industry watchers said the Galaxy S7 will look similar to its predecessor, the
Galaxy S6, as the market cheered the design. Thus, Samsung may utilize the
design once again and instead focus its efforts on performance, they added.

It is also widely expected that Samsung will release a curved edition of the
Galaxy S7 as it did for its predecessor by releasing the Galaxy S6 Edge.

The presumed Galaxy S7 will allow users to insert memory cards to expand data
capacity, a feature that disappeared with the Galaxy S6, apparently due to
design issues.

LG Electronics Inc., Samsung's smaller local rival, also sent out invitations
for its own showcase event last month with a poster that portrays a music box
and the phrase "play begins." The ceremony will also be held on Feb. 21 at 2:00
p.m. in Barcelona.

Industry watchers said the Galaxy S7 may face challenges regardless of its
performance, as the global smartphone market is expected to remain stagnant
throughout this year.

In a conference call last month, Samsung said it sold 97 million handsets in the
October-December period, up from 95 million units a year earlier, with
smartphones accounting for about 85 percent of the total.

The company's IT and mobile business, which is in charge of smartphones, posted
an operating profit of 2.23 trillion won ($1.84 billion) in the fourth quarter,
up from 1.96 trillion won a year earlier. But the sector's operating profit
continued to remain well below the 6.43 trillion won posted in the first quarter
of 2014. (Yonhap)

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             269 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            October 21, 2016 Friday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Galaxy will Shine Bright in India: Samsung

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: BRANDS: CREATING DESIRE

LENGTH: 433 words


Samsung India said it is confident the Galaxy Note 7 fiasco will not impact its
smartphone sales this quarter and is even hopeful of gaining market share.

The country's largest smartphone maker will also vacate the 3G smartphone space
and its upcoming launches will all be 4G handsets, a senior company executive
said.

The company said its festive sales are going as per expectations, which will
result in record volumes in India this year.

The company aims to achieve this by focusing on the earlier flagships -Galaxy S7
and S7 Edge, launched earlier this year and through several model launches
planned this quarter, said Manu Sharma, vice-pre

sident (mobile business), Samsung India Electronics.

\x93We have converted the Note 7 prebooked customers in India to S7 and S7 Edge.
We are humbled by the loyalty of the consumers towards the brand. There is now a
strong sales momentum on S7 and S7 Edge. By

virtue of being a full-range

player with 25 models across segments, we are confi

dent to grow our share and sales this quarter,\x93 said Sharma.

As per estimates, S7 and S7 Edge sales growth has doubled since the last week in
India when the company an nounced permanent withdra wal of the Note 7 handset
globally after reports of the \x93corrected\x93 handsets, too, catching fire.
The sales of Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge had risen 20% since their launch over the
last few months. But over the last 10 days, the sales have shot up by 40%, a
person aware of the development said.

Sharma declined to comment on the numbers. Samsung has also stepped up
promotions for the two models during this period. Samsung has already launched
eight devices this quarter and more are in the pipeline.

\x93We already have the largest 4G handset portfolio. Around 80% of the
smartphone market is now 4G handsets and, hence, we will only

launch such handsets,\x93 he said.

The cheapest Samsung 4G handset . 4,900. The is the Z2, selling at around '
prices of Samsung's 4G smartphone portfolio is likely to plunge further
considering the 3G models may reach the end of life soon.

As per market tracker GfK, Samsung had around 48.7% value share in the Indian
smartphone market as of August compared with 41.6% in August last year. Figures
for September are yet to be announced. The company was originally supposed to
launch Note 7 on September 2.

On Thursday, it announced the launch of a new version of the 'My Galaxy'
application, an entertainment hub and life-services application exclusively
available to Indian users of its smartphones. The yearold app already has
clocked around 10-million downloads on the Google Playstore so far.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             270 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Manawatu Standard (New Zealand)

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday

Samsung unveils Note 7 phone

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 451 words


Samsung has unveiled the Galaxy Note 7, the latest and greatest of its
large-screened phones.

This 5.7-inch, stylus-toting smartphone boasts a bevy of new features including
advanced security through iris scanning, a whole lot of storage, and an edge-
to-edge display that Samsung promises will blow users away.

The Note 7, like its predecessors, has impressive specs and is aimed squarely at
power users who want their smartphones to be the ultimate productivity machine.

The most notable difference between the Note 7 and Samsung's other premium
phones is 64GB of storage, which is double the standard on the Galaxy S7.

With an SD card, the Note 7 has up to 256GB of storage.

The phone goes on sale in New Zealand on August 19 and it will cost $1599.

With a 5.7-inch display, the Note 7 is also larger than Apple's 5.5-inch iPhone
6s Plus. The Note 7 has the same processor and camera sensors as the S7 and S7
edge.

As for the battery, the Note 7's will hold more of a charge than the Galaxy S7'
s.

It does, however, have the same quick-charging capabilities that have been so
popular in the Galaxy line of phones.

It also stands apart because it charges not with the standard micro-USB cable,
but with a USB-C cable. The USB-C cable is reversible meaning it doesn't matter
which side you plug it in.

Another feature that hasn't been in the Note's previous models is its waterproof
design. Just like with the Galaxy S line, it will survive a short dip in liquid
without completely frying the phone.

The Note 7 also stands out on the security front.

Samsung boasts that the Note 7 has an iris scanner in addition to a fingerprint
scanner, so that users have yet another option to secure their phones.

Samsung said that it will allow iris scans to be used to verify transactions
through Samsung Pay in the future.

For those wondering why the Galaxy Note 7 is named that way, given that its
direct predecessor is the Galaxy Note 5, Samsung explained that it's actually to
avoid confusion. Because its other premium phones, the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7
edge have the "seven" in their names, the firm decided to scoot the Note up a
numeral.

The Note 7 was the main draw at Samsung's unveiling event, but it wasn't the
only one.

Samsung also showed off a new version of its Gear VR headset, which has been
redesigned to be lighter and just better-looking overall.

Samsung has made a strong investment in virtual reality and 360-video. Clearly,
like its VR partner - the Facebook-owned Oculus - Samsung thinks that these
types of videos are the future of social media.

Pre-orders will start this week; the headset is still US$100. Washington Post

--------------------

CAPTION:

The Samsung Note 7 goes on sale in New Zealand on August 19.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             271 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Marlborough Express (New Zealand)

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday

Samsung unveils Note 7 phone

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 451 words


Samsung has unveiled the Galaxy Note 7, the latest and greatest of its
large-screened phones.

This 5.7-inch, stylus-toting smartphone boasts a bevy of new features including
advanced security through iris scanning, a whole lot of storage, and an edge-
to-edge display that Samsung promises will blow users away.

The Note 7, like its predecessors, has impressive specs and is aimed squarely at
power users who want their smartphones to be the ultimate productivity machine.

The most notable difference between the Note 7 and Samsung's other premium
phones is 64GB of storage, which is double the standard on the Galaxy S7.

With an SD card, the Note 7 has up to 256GB of storage.

The phone goes on sale in New Zealand on August 19 and it will cost $1599.

With a 5.7-inch display, the Note 7 is also larger than Apple's 5.5-inch iPhone
6s Plus. The Note 7 has the same processor and camera sensors as the S7 and S7
edge.

As for the battery, the Note 7's will hold more of a charge than the Galaxy S7'
s.

It does, however, have the same quick-charging capabilities that have been so
popular in the Galaxy line of phones.

It also stands apart because it charges not with the standard micro-USB cable,
but with a USB-C cable. The USB-C cable is reversible meaning it doesn't matter
which side you plug it in.

Another feature that hasn't been in the Note's previous models is its waterproof
design. Just like with the Galaxy S line, it will survive a short dip in liquid
without completely frying the phone.

The Note 7 also stands out on the security front.

Samsung boasts that the Note 7 has an iris scanner in addition to a fingerprint
scanner, so that users have yet another option to secure their phones.

Samsung said that it will allow iris scans to be used to verify transactions
through Samsung Pay in the future.

For those wondering why the Galaxy Note 7 is named that way, given that its
direct predecessor is the Galaxy Note 5, Samsung explained that it's actually to
avoid confusion. Because its other premium phones, the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7
edge have the "seven" in their names, the firm decided to scoot the Note up a
numeral.

The Note 7 was the main draw at Samsung's unveiling event, but it wasn't the
only one.

Samsung also showed off a new version of its Gear VR headset, which has been
redesigned to be lighter and just better-looking overall.

Samsung has made a strong investment in virtual reality and 360-video. Clearly,
like its VR partner - the Facebook-owned Oculus - Samsung thinks that these
types of videos are the future of social media.

Pre-orders will start this week; the headset is still US$100. Washington Post

--------------------

CAPTION:

The Samsung Note 7 goes on sale in New Zealand on August 19.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             272 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Nelson Mail (New Zealand)

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday

Samsung unveils Note 7 phone

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 451 words


Samsung has unveiled the Galaxy Note 7, the latest and greatest of its
large-screened phones.

This 5.7-inch, stylus-toting smartphone boasts a bevy of new features including
advanced security through iris scanning, a whole lot of storage, and an edge-
to-edge display that Samsung promises will blow users away.

The Note 7, like its predecessors, has impressive specs and is aimed squarely at
power users who want their smartphones to be the ultimate productivity machine.

The most notable difference between the Note 7 and Samsung's other premium
phones is 64GB of storage, which is double the standard on the Galaxy S7.

With an SD card, the Note 7 has up to 256GB of storage.

The phone goes on sale in New Zealand on August 19 and it will cost $1599.

With a 5.7-inch display, the Note 7 is also larger than Apple's 5.5-inch iPhone
6s Plus. The Note 7 has the same processor and camera sensors as the S7 and S7
edge.

As for the battery, the Note 7's will hold more of a charge than the Galaxy S7'
s.

It does, however, have the same quick-charging capabilities that have been so
popular in the Galaxy line of phones.

It also stands apart because it charges not with the standard micro-USB cable,
but with a USB-C cable. The USB-C cable is reversible meaning it doesn't matter
which side you plug it in.

Another feature that hasn't been in the Note's previous models is its waterproof
design. Just like with the Galaxy S line, it will survive a short dip in liquid
without completely frying the phone.

The Note 7 also stands out on the security front.

Samsung boasts that the Note 7 has an iris scanner in addition to a fingerprint
scanner, so that users have yet another option to secure their phones.

Samsung said that it will allow iris scans to be used to verify transactions
through Samsung Pay in the future.

For those wondering why the Galaxy Note 7 is named that way, given that its
direct predecessor is the Galaxy Note 5, Samsung explained that it's actually to
avoid confusion. Because its other premium phones, the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7
edge have the "seven" in their names, the firm decided to scoot the Note up a
numeral.

The Note 7 was the main draw at Samsung's unveiling event, but it wasn't the
only one.

Samsung also showed off a new version of its Gear VR headset, which has been
redesigned to be lighter and just better-looking overall.

Samsung has made a strong investment in virtual reality and 360-video. Clearly,
like its VR partner - the Facebook-owned Oculus - Samsung thinks that these
types of videos are the future of social media.

Pre-orders will start this week; the headset is still US$100. Washington Post

--------------------

CAPTION:

The Samsung Note 7 goes on sale in New Zealand on August 19.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             273 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Southland Times (New Zealand)

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday

Samsung unveils Note 7 phone

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 451 words


Samsung has unveiled the Galaxy Note 7, the latest and greatest of its
large-screened phones.

This 5.7-inch, stylus-toting smartphone boasts a bevy of new features including
advanced security through iris scanning, a whole lot of storage, and an edge-
to-edge display that Samsung promises will blow users away.

The Note 7, like its predecessors, has impressive specs and is aimed squarely at
power users who want their smartphones to be the ultimate productivity machine.

The most notable difference between the Note 7 and Samsung's other premium
phones is 64GB of storage, which is double the standard on the Galaxy S7.

With an SD card, the Note 7 has up to 256GB of storage.

The phone goes on sale in New Zealand on August 19 and it will cost $1599.

With a 5.7-inch display, the Note 7 is also larger than Apple's 5.5-inch iPhone
6s Plus. The Note 7 has the same processor and camera sensors as the S7 and S7
edge.

As for the battery, the Note 7's will hold more of a charge than the Galaxy S7'
s.

It does, however, have the same quick-charging capabilities that have been so
popular in the Galaxy line of phones.

It also stands apart because it charges not with the standard micro-USB cable,
but with a USB-C cable. The USB-C cable is reversible meaning it doesn't matter
which side you plug it in.

Another feature that hasn't been in the Note's previous models is its waterproof
design. Just like with the Galaxy S line, it will survive a short dip in liquid
without completely frying the phone.

The Note 7 also stands out on the security front.

Samsung boasts that the Note 7 has an iris scanner in addition to a fingerprint
scanner, so that users have yet another option to secure their phones.

Samsung said that it will allow iris scans to be used to verify transactions
through Samsung Pay in the future.

For those wondering why the Galaxy Note 7 is named that way, given that its
direct predecessor is the Galaxy Note 5, Samsung explained that it's actually to
avoid confusion. Because its other premium phones, the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7
edge have the "seven" in their names, the firm decided to scoot the Note up a
numeral.

The Note 7 was the main draw at Samsung's unveiling event, but it wasn't the
only one.

Samsung also showed off a new version of its Gear VR headset, which has been
redesigned to be lighter and just better-looking overall.

Samsung has made a strong investment in virtual reality and 360-video. Clearly,
like its VR partner - the Facebook-owned Oculus - Samsung thinks that these
types of videos are the future of social media.

Pre-orders will start this week; the headset is still US$100. Washington Post

--------------------

CAPTION:

The Samsung Note 7 goes on sale in New Zealand on August 19.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             274 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Taranaki Daily News (New Zealand)

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday

Samsung unveils Note 7 phone

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 451 words


Samsung has unveiled the Galaxy Note 7, the latest and greatest of its
large-screened phones.

This 5.7-inch, stylus-toting smartphone boasts a bevy of new features including
advanced security through iris scanning, a whole lot of storage, and an edge-
to-edge display that Samsung promises will blow users away.

The Note 7, like its predecessors, has impressive specs and is aimed squarely at
power users who want their smartphones to be the ultimate productivity machine.

The most notable difference between the Note 7 and Samsung's other premium
phones is 64GB of storage, which is double the standard on the Galaxy S7.

With an SD card, the Note 7 has up to 256GB of storage.

The phone goes on sale in New Zealand on August 19 and it will cost $1599.

With a 5.7-inch display, the Note 7 is also larger than Apple's 5.5-inch iPhone
6s Plus. The Note 7 has the same processor and camera sensors as the S7 and S7
edge.

As for the battery, the Note 7's will hold more of a charge than the Galaxy S7'
s.

It does, however, have the same quick-charging capabilities that have been so
popular in the Galaxy line of phones.

It also stands apart because it charges not with the standard micro-USB cable,
but with a USB-C cable. The USB-C cable is reversible meaning it doesn't matter
which side you plug it in.

Another feature that hasn't been in the Note's previous models is its waterproof
design. Just like with the Galaxy S line, it will survive a short dip in liquid
without completely frying the phone.

The Note 7 also stands out on the security front.

Samsung boasts that the Note 7 has an iris scanner in addition to a fingerprint
scanner, so that users have yet another option to secure their phones.

Samsung said that it will allow iris scans to be used to verify transactions
through Samsung Pay in the future.

For those wondering why the Galaxy Note 7 is named that way, given that its
direct predecessor is the Galaxy Note 5, Samsung explained that it's actually to
avoid confusion. Because its other premium phones, the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7
edge have the "seven" in their names, the firm decided to scoot the Note up a
numeral.

The Note 7 was the main draw at Samsung's unveiling event, but it wasn't the
only one.

Samsung also showed off a new version of its Gear VR headset, which has been
redesigned to be lighter and just better-looking overall.

Samsung has made a strong investment in virtual reality and 360-video. Clearly,
like its VR partner - the Facebook-owned Oculus - Samsung thinks that these
types of videos are the future of social media.

Pre-orders will start this week; the headset is still US$100. Washington Post

--------------------

CAPTION:

The Samsung Note 7 goes on sale in New Zealand on August 19.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             275 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Timaru Herald (New Zealand)

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday

Samsung unveils Note 7 phone

SECTION: FEATURES; NATIONAL; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 451 words


Samsung has unveiled the Galaxy Note 7, the latest and greatest of its
large-screened phones.

This 5.7-inch, stylus-toting smartphone boasts a bevy of new features including
advanced security through iris scanning, a whole lot of storage, and an edge-
to-edge display that Samsung promises will blow users away.

The Note 7, like its predecessors, has impressive specs and is aimed squarely at
power users who want their smartphones to be the ultimate productivity machine.

The most notable difference between the Note 7 and Samsung's other premium
phones is 64GB of storage, which is double the standard on the Galaxy S7.

With an SD card, the Note 7 has up to 256GB of storage.

The phone goes on sale in New Zealand on August 19 and it will cost $1599.

With a 5.7-inch display, the Note 7 is also larger than Apple's 5.5-inch iPhone
6s Plus. The Note 7 has the same processor and camera sensors as the S7 and S7
edge.

As for the battery, the Note 7's will hold more of a charge than the Galaxy S7'
s.

It does, however, have the same quick-charging capabilities that have been so
popular in the Galaxy line of phones.

It also stands apart because it charges not with the standard micro-USB cable,
but with a USB-C cable. The USB-C cable is reversible meaning it doesn't matter
which side you plug it in.

Another feature that hasn't been in the Note's previous models is its waterproof
design. Just like with the Galaxy S line, it will survive a short dip in liquid
without completely frying the phone.

The Note 7 also stands out on the security front.

Samsung boasts that the Note 7 has an iris scanner in addition to a fingerprint
scanner, so that users have yet another option to secure their phones.

Samsung said that it will allow iris scans to be used to verify transactions
through Samsung Pay in the future.

For those wondering why the Galaxy Note 7 is named that way, given that its
direct predecessor is the Galaxy Note 5, Samsung explained that it's actually to
avoid confusion. Because its other premium phones, the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7
edge have the "seven" in their names, the firm decided to scoot the Note up a
numeral.

The Note 7 was the main draw at Samsung's unveiling event, but it wasn't the
only one.

Samsung also showed off a new version of its Gear VR headset, which has been
redesigned to be lighter and just better-looking overall.

Samsung has made a strong investment in virtual reality and 360-video. Clearly,
like its VR partner - the Facebook-owned Oculus - Samsung thinks that these
types of videos are the future of social media.

Pre-orders will start this week; the headset is still US$100. Washington Post

--------------------

CAPTION:

The Samsung Note 7 goes on sale in New Zealand on August 19.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             276 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Waikato Times (Hamilton, New Zealand)

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday

Samsung unveils Note 7 phone

SECTION: BUSINESS; NATIONAL; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 451 words


Samsung has unveiled the Galaxy Note 7, the latest and greatest of its
large-screened phones.

This 5.7-inch, stylus-toting smartphone boasts a bevy of new features including
advanced security through iris scanning, a whole lot of storage, and an edge-
to-edge display that Samsung promises will blow users away.

The Note 7, like its predecessors, has impressive specs and is aimed squarely at
power users who want their smartphones to be the ultimate productivity machine.

The most notable difference between the Note 7 and Samsung's other premium
phones is 64GB of storage, which is double the standard on the Galaxy S7.

With an SD card, the Note 7 has up to 256GB of storage.

The phone goes on sale in New Zealand on August 19 and it will cost $1599.

With a 5.7-inch display, the Note 7 is also larger than Apple's 5.5-inch iPhone
6s Plus. The Note 7 has the same processor and camera sensors as the S7 and S7
edge.

As for the battery, the Note 7's will hold more of a charge than the Galaxy S7'
s.

It does, however, have the same quick-charging capabilities that have been so
popular in the Galaxy line of phones.

It also stands apart because it charges not with the standard micro-USB cable,
but with a USB-C cable. The USB-C cable is reversible meaning it doesn't matter
which side you plug it in.

Another feature that hasn't been in the Note's previous models is its waterproof
design. Just like with the Galaxy S line, it will survive a short dip in liquid
without completely frying the phone.

The Note 7 also stands out on the security front.

Samsung boasts that the Note 7 has an iris scanner in addition to a fingerprint
scanner, so that users have yet another option to secure their phones.

Samsung said that it will allow iris scans to be used to verify transactions
through Samsung Pay in the future.

For those wondering why the Galaxy Note 7 is named that way, given that its
direct predecessor is the Galaxy Note 5, Samsung explained that it's actually to
avoid confusion. Because its other premium phones, the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7
edge have the "seven" in their names, the firm decided to scoot the Note up a
numeral.

The Note 7 was the main draw at Samsung's unveiling event, but it wasn't the
only one.

Samsung also showed off a new version of its Gear VR headset, which has been
redesigned to be lighter and just better-looking overall.

Samsung has made a strong investment in virtual reality and 360-video. Clearly,
like its VR partner - the Facebook-owned Oculus - Samsung thinks that these
types of videos are the future of social media.

Pre-orders will start this week; the headset is still US$100. Washington Post

--------------------

CAPTION:

The Samsung Note 7 goes on sale in New Zealand on August 19.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             277 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                           August 17, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge to get free cloud storage soon

BYLINE: dna Web Team

LENGTH: 165  words


Reports indicate the 15GB of free cloud storage available to Note 7 users is
being expanded to other devices as well.

Samsung launched its very own cloud service on August 2, side by side with the
launch of the Galaxy Note 7. Now, the company is making the service available to
Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge users as well.

According to SamMobile, a new software update has begun rolling out for S7 and
S7 Edge users in Italy. Aside from the cloud storage, it adds performance
boosting tweaks for NFC and Bluetooth connectivity, as well as a security patch.

The Samsung Cloud was initially launched as an offshoot of its "Smart Switch
feature, that let users backup and then transfer their data to a new device when
switching smartphones. Now, the cloud service offers users 15GB of free storage,
and is expected to allow a complete phone backup option.

According to the report, Samsung is also expected to bring the cloud service to
the Galaxy S6, S6 Edge, S6 Edge+ and the Galaxy Note 5 in the near future

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             278 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            September 5, 2016 Monday

Samsung announces swap for Galaxy Note 7 with Galaxy S7 variants

LENGTH: 423  words

DATELINE: New York


New York, Sept. 5 -- In a bid to repair the damage done by the global recall of
its flagship premium device Galaxy Note 7 over battery faults, Samsung said they
would start exchanging the smartphones as early as next week and customers could
swap it with either the Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge.


 Samsung late Friday issued an official statement on exchange of the Galaxy Note
7 devices for customers in the US.
 "The US carriers have already halted sales and offered ways for customers who
have already purchased the device to get refunds. Now Samsung has announced its
own exchange programme, which will provide customers with a new device as soon
as next week," The Verge reported on Saturday.
 According to Samsung's exchange programme, customers can either exchange
current Galaxy Note 7 device with a new Galaxy Note 7 as early as next week or
they can exchange current Galaxy Note 7 for a Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge and
replacement of any Note 7 specific accessories with a refund of the price
difference between devices.
 "In addition, affected customers will receive a $25 credit on their phone bill
or a $25 gift card for their troubles. Samsung did not say when the Note 7 will
be available for general purchase," the report added.
 The global recall was a setback for Samsung and somewhat happy news for Apple
as it prepared to launch iPhone 7 (on September 7), experts said.
 After just two weeks on sale and 35 faulty phone batteries reported so far,
Samsung on Friday issued a global recall of Note 7 and promised to replace every
unit already sold.
 "To date (as of September 1) there have been 35 cases that have been reported
globally and we are currently conducting a thorough inspection with our
suppliers to identify possible affected batteries in the market," the company
had said in a statement.
 According to experts, this is bad news especially at a time when Samsung had
the momentum going in its favour.
 "Market sentiments are not with Apple at the moment and Samsung had to have a
good run in months to come, buoyed by its super-successful S7 and S7 Edge
devices and now Note 7. The global recall news is a godsend for Apple which is
prepared to unveil another flagship device iPhone 7 on September 7," Tarun
Pathak, Senior Analyst, Mobile Devices and Ecosystems, Counterpoint Research in
New Delhi, told IANS.
 Giving a refreshing look to its Note series, the South Korean giant last month
launched its Galaxy Note 7 in India for Rs 59,900 with iris biometric scanner
for enhanced security, upgraded S Pen and a dual-curved screen.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             279 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            October 21, 2016 Friday
                                Kolkata Edition

Samsung to push S7, S7 Edge to beat Note 7 ghost

SECTION: TIMES BUSINESS

LENGTH: 294 words


Post-Galaxy Note 7 ban scenario, Samsung India Electronics has taken up an
immediately strategy to switch its premium-end customers' focus to two other
top-end models: S7 and S7 Edge. Facing a mammoth task of wiping out the memory
of ill-fated Note 7, the South Korea-based consumer electronics giant is banking
on the robust sales momentum of S7 and S7 Edge in India. The would-be buyers of
Galaxy Note 7, production of which has been stopped after the handset was found
to be prone to overheating and catching fire, will get a 'sales and offer' push
encircling S7 and S7 Edge now.

On the sidelines of its pan-India launch of the new version of My Galaxy app in
Kolkata, Manu Sharma, vice president (mobiles business), Samsung India
Electronics, told TOI: \x93We will be focusing on switching Note 7 (worth Rs
59,990) aspirants to become a proud buyer of S7 and S7Edge models (ranging
between Rs 37,000 to Rs 50,000). We'll project S7 and S7Edge on retail front
with good plans.\x93

In the wake of competition from Apple iPhone 7 and soon-tobe-launched Google
Pixel, it would be interesting to see how Samsung combat these two giant product
offerings with S7 and S7 Edge sales push. Elaborating on the 'come-back' plan,
Sharma said, \x93We are aware of the situation and trying to build up interest
on S7 and S7Edge.\x93

According to him, Samsung still remains the leader in the handset sales in India
with 48.6% market share in value terms in the smarphone segment.To unveil
4G-only smartphones now: Samsung India will only launch 4GVoLTE smartphones as
the market has shifted totally towards this end and make all future launches,
including entry-level smart phones, with 4G facility, a top company official
said on Thursday . Samsung India has a 25 smartphone models.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             280 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                            July 13, 2016 Wednesday

Batman edition of Galaxy S7 edge a must-have for fans

BYLINE: Trevor Tan

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 522 words


What injustice! Just three months after the launch of Samsung's flagship
smartphone, the Korean chaebol has released the "Batman" version - or,
officially, the Injustice edition. If you are a Batman fan who bought the
Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 4G+ earlier this year, you must be feeling gutted.

So let me rub salt into your wound with a walkthrough of what you are missing.

To celebrate the third anniversary of the popular mobile fighting game
Injustice: Gods Among Us, Samsung decided to go with the Caped Crusader as the
theme.

The Injustice edition comes in a big black box. Open it and you will be greeted
by a gold-coloured Batarang (Batman's famed boomerang). I don't know what I can
do with it, but it does look super cool. Maybe hang it somewhere in my room'

After you put the Batarang away, open another lid and you will see the
special-edition Batman S7 edge smartphone.

Inside, it is still very much the same smartphone that was released in March.
But the Batman S7 edge has a deep black hue accentuated with gold details around
the home button, camera, flash and on the earpiece.

TECH SPECS

PRICE: $1,688

PACKAGE: 1 x Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 4G+, 1 x Samsung Gear VR (Black Edition), 1
x Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 4G+ case and 1 x Batman collectible

RATING

FEATURES: 4/5

DESIGN: 5/5

VALUE FOR MONEY: 4/5

OVERALL: 4/5

Instead of the silver sides found in the original S7 edge, it has black metallic
sides. At its back, you will find the Batarang logo in place of the Samsung
logo.

The Batman theme is more than just skin deep.

There is a cool, animated Batman lock screen, always-on display with the
Batarang logo, Batman-armour-like dialler, black-and-gold icons and menus.

You will wish this theme is available for other Galaxy smartphones. But,
unfortunately, it is available only for this phone (at least officially).

Want to protect this special phone from being scratched? Fret not, it comes with
an exclusive Injustice edition cover that is inspired by the front torso of
Batman's armour.

Naturally, this edition comes with a black Samsung Gear VR set, instead of the
normal white unit. I was half-expecting to see more Batman logos or gold
accents, though, but there is none to be found.

Finally, the package also contains a redeem code for the Batman Prime Pack
(worth US$100 or S$135) as well as a US$50 voucher for buying Oculus VR games.

Despite the black-and-gold Batman theme, the included earphones, charging cables
and power adapter all come in white. These accessories should have followed the
same colour scheme.

So is this Injustice worth the money? Well, let's do the maths.

A normal Galaxy S7 edge + costs $1,098, while a conventional Gear VR is priced
at $149. Given its exclusivity, the Batman case maybe costs $60 in my estimate.
As for the Batarang collectible, I would price it at around $100.

Taking into account the value of the two redeemable digital items, it comes to
around $1,609. Considering the likely licensing fee that is involved, I would
say this limited edition is well worth the money.

Trevor Tan

·Verdict: If you are a Samsung and Batman fan, this Injustice edition is a no
brainer. Go buy it now.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: With the Galaxy S7 edge 4G+ Injustice Edition, Samsung has decided to
go with the Caped Crusader as the theme.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             281 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung Galaxy S7 edge review: This is perfection, in Android;
Samsung Galaxy S7 edge is almost closer to perfection but its edge screen and
fingerprint scanner fail to impress

BYLINE: Nandagopal Rajan

LENGTH: 841  words


Samsung Galaxy S7 edge is almost closer to perfection but its edge screen and
fingerprint scanner fail to impress

Let me confess, I was not really impressed by my first sighting of the Samsung
Galaxy S7 (http://techie.indianexpress.com/samsung-galaxy-s7/ie1093713) edge. I
thought the new flagship looked a bit too much like the old flagship, the S6
edge. But first impressions and hands-on reviews from launch events are
half-baked at best. But now I have used the S7 edge for well over a week and I
have no doubts about this phone. Here is my review.

Samsung Galaxy S7 edge

I am using a 32GB version of the S7 edge for the review. Yes, the phone is not
very different from its predecessor, except for the always on-screen which I
think is a good addition though not revolutionary in any way. The phone feels
good in your hands, and though it has not yet slipped from my hand, there is a
constant fear at the back of my head.

From a design front, the one noticeable change is the fact that camera bump has
been pushed into and is a much thinner protrusion than before.

Specs: 5.5-inch QHD Super AMOLED display (2560 x 1440) | octa-core Exynos 8890
processor | 4GB RAM | 32GB storage space | 12MP rear camera + 5MP front camera |
3600 mAh battery | Android 6.0 Marshmallow with TouchWiz UI

Price: Rs 56,900

Watch: Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Video Review
(http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqolLJJQ9pE)

What is good?

Like with most Samsung phones you don't have to wait for the screen to awe you.
No one does it better that this little Korean company when it comes to screens,
be them small, be them big, be them curved. The S7 is not different and
everything looks unrealistically good on this screen, even your own selfies. The
S7 phones also have an always on black lock screen which displays basic
information like time, missed calls, new messages and the like. Thankfully, this
feature doesn't seem to be sapping the battery much, which is good.

The edge screen is now improved and more effective. It is almost like an extra
homescreen layer that you can access whatever you are doing on the phone. It
does add to productivity, if you can remember to use it.

The S6 series had a great camera, and I would have thought it was difficult to
better that. But Samsung seems to have done just that, especially when it comes
to low-light photography. I tried all kinds of stuff in the dark - the camera
was really impressive, in fact even a notch ahead of the Apple iPhone 6s Plus
(http://techie.indianexpress.com/apple-iphone-6s-plus/ie5997303). The regular
stuff is great too and the phone offers amazing detail when the light is great.
And the focus adds an extra layer of fun and richness, making pictures look as
if they were shot with a DSLR. The camera app is also much improved with some
unique modes like Virtual Shot. But the Pro mode should be enough to satisfy our
creative needs.

The sheer performance of this phone is hard to match. You can try everything
from multi-tasking to gaming and ultra-high definition video, and this phone
will not break a sweat. It is among the coolest flagships I have seen and that
is saying a lot as high-end phones usually tend to be a bit hot under the
collar.

Also, despite the performance the battery is dependable. I got 12 hours of life
with very heavy use and that too over a 4G (http://indianexpress.com/tag/4g/)
network. Reduce the brightness of the screen and you should be able to squeeze
in a few more hours. In fact, I once used the phone for an hour with just 5 per
cent battery left.

What is not that good?

The fingerprint scanner on the phone is a pain and has a very low success rate.
You will eventually get in, but that might take some serious twiddling of the
thumbs. This is a quirk that Samsung will have to fix without delay.

While I love the low light photos that the S7 can click, you shouldn't really
bother zooming in on the photos too much. I noticed a lack of detail when you
start going deep into these photos. Not such an issue since no one blows up this
pictures that big.

Do you need the edge?

The edge is a great extra feature to have. But you will need serious presence of
mind to use it. Also, it is, at least for now, just another way to do some stuff
and there is nothing that can be done exclusively using the curved bit of the
screen. So decide whether you want to spend extra to get this real estate on the
sides. The S7 is a great device even without it.

Should you buy?

The S7 and S7 edge might not be really innovative, but what Samsung has done is
make the phones almost near perfect by making it bugless - if you can overlook
the fingerprint scanner. That is innovation in itself, if you ask me. If you ask
me there is no better phone to upgrade for Samsung fans who are now on S5 or
under. For them this phone takes the experience to a whole new level. For sheer
performance and camera, this is the best Android phone you can buy at the
moment.

However, make sure which phone you want - the S7 or the S7 edge. They are both
great, but you might just be happy with the S7, without the edge.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             282 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            News Chronicle (Nigeria)

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday

Galaxy S7 edge explosion shocker: Man suffers third degree burn in US, to sue
Samsung

BYLINE: Yahoo

LENGTH: 229  words


Samsung's Galaxy S7 edge is reported to have exploded in a man's pocket causing
severe burns to his right hand and leg in the United States.

This incident apparently happened on May 30, almost three months before the
infamous Galaxy Note7 made its debut.

California-based Daniel Ramirez, who is recovering from burns, has decided to
file a product liability law suit against Samsung, further adding woes to the
company, which is already reeling under the Galaxy Note7 battery explosion
fiasco.

It is said that Ramirez, who was working on a project in Ohio on the morning of
May 30, suddenly felt his phone making vibration with whistling sound in his
pocket. Startled by the sensation, he tried pulling the Galaxy S6 edge and saw
dark smoke emanating from it and unexpectedly, it exploded burning his right
hand fingers and right leg's thigh region.

As per the complaint document we have retrieved, Ramirez suffered second degree
burns to his right thumb and index finger, and also second and third degree
burns to his right upper leg.

"

As of now, there is no word whether the battery of the Galaxy S7 edge is made by
Samsung SDI, the very same company unit which manufactured cell for the Galaxy
Note7.

It remains to be seen, whether Samsung extends global recall for Galaxy S7 edge,
as well.

Culled from: https://www.yahoo.com /news/galaxy-s7
-edge-explosion-shocker-124550880.html

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1802


                       Copyright 2016 The News Chronicle.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             283 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                              July 31, 2016 Sunday

Samsung's secret? Make a really good smartphone

BYLINE: Hayley Tsukayama Washington Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 492 words


Samsung's Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge have led the company to its most profitable
quarter in two years -- not bad for a firm that cautioned 2016 could be a rocky
one for the smartphone market.

Samsung this week said that its mobile unit accounted for more than half of its
approximately $45.2 billion in revenue and its $7.22 billion in profit. The
company said that it will continue to shore up the high-end of its smartphone
business, which could help it entice customers who seem bored with the latest
smartphones. Samsung is expected to unveil its next premium Galaxy Note
smartphone in August.

It should be said that it's a little hard to put these numbers in perspective.
Samsung doesn't explicitly say how many units it's sold; estimates in South
Korean media last month said the S7 and S7 Edge were approaching a lifetime
sales number of 25 million units. Apple, last quarter, sold 40.4 million iPhones
across all lines.

But one can say that Samsung seems to have had a better quarter than it or many
analysts anticipated. And it did it all by making a really good phone. Reviewers
raved about the S7 and S7 Edge smartphones, and the S7 Edge is widely considered
the best Android smartphone on the market -- possibly the best ever made. The
combination of a sleek design and strong battery life, along with favorite
features that had been removed from previous models and competitors' phones --
such as the option to expand storage with an SD card and waterproofing --
appealed to customers.

That (combined with the firm's enormous marketing budget) helped Samsung buck a
lot of the trends in the smartphone market, even as many analysts say that
consumers around the globe are increasingly willing to sacrifice some device
quality and cool factor for a smaller price tag. Yet the expensive, high-end S7
Edge actually accounted for more than 50 percent of its smartphone sales,
Samsung said.

"Outside of Samsung's Galaxy S7 flagship, a majority of vendors, including
Apple, have found success with more affordable models compared to their flagship
handsets," said Anthony Scarsella, research manager at the analysis firm IDC.

According to numbers released Thursday from IDC, shipments for Samsung are up
5.5 percent from the same period last year. Apple's are down 15.5 percent.
Samsung is still the largest smartphone maker in the world overall, as it also
sells many lower-end phones.

The smartphone market overall is still expected to see slower growth overall
this year, analysts say. Companies such as Apple have focused more on providing
services through their smartphones to make up for people buying fewer devices.

Still, analysts said, all firms will need to step up their game to keep
customers coming back for more.

"As smartphone prices continue to drop and competition escalates at the
high-end, vendors will need to continue to push 'flagship-type' devices at
affordable price points to encourage upgrading on a more frequent basis,"
Scarsella said.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Associated Press/File A waterproof Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge mobile phone
is submersed in water. The Samsung S7 Edge is widely considered the best Android
smartphone on the market -- possibly the best ever made. The combination of a
sleek design and strong battery life, along with favorite features that had been
removed from previous models and competitors' phones -- such as the option to
expand storage with an SD card and waterproofing -- appealed to customers. (AP
Photo/Richard Drew, File)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             284 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Chennai Online

                           July 28, 2016 6:30 AM EST

Samsung overtakes Apple in smartphone shipments !

LENGTH: 225  words


Riding on the strong sales of its Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge smartphones,
Samsung Electronics on Thursday declared 8.14 trillion won ($7billion) year
on-year operating profit - 18 per cent - in the second quarter results.

Touted as a bad news for Apple that saw a 15 per cent decline in iPhone sales in
its second quarter results announced this week, Samsung saw substantial earnings
improvement led by sales of its flagship products such as Galaxy S7 and S7 edge.

A streamlined mid-to low-end smartphone lineup also contributed to improved
profitability for the company.

According to Samsung, it shipped about 90 million handsets in the April-June
period with smartphones making up more than 80 per cent of the total, the Korea
Herald reported.

Samsung's second-quarter smartphone shipments are estimated at about 72 million
units, almost doubling Apple's iPhone shipments of 40.4 million units during the
same period.

Shipments of tablet PCs stood at about six million units.

"Looking into the third quarter, the release of a new large-screen flagship
smartphone will help to maintain solid sales of high-end smartphones led by the
Galaxy S7 and S7 edge," the company in a statement.

Samsung will also focus on expanding smartphone sales including this year's new
Galaxy A and J series and the debut of the Galaxy C series exclusively for the
China market.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


 Copyright 2016 Chennai Interactive Business Services (P) Ltd., distributed by
                                  Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             285 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday
                                Ontario Edition

REVIEW;
Samsung's new Galaxy phones: Slight changes make a difference;
S7 and S7 edge are small steps up, but don't deviate much from predecessors

BYLINE: TED KRITSONIS, Special to The Globe and Mail

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 653 words


Tech . Telecom . Media

Samsung's newest flagship smartphones, the Galaxy S7 and curve-screened Galaxy
S7 edge, don't deviate a great deal from their predecessors, but the incremental
changes they do offer are in many of the right places.

Visibly, little has changed from the major facelift Samsung gave its devices
when it introduced the Galaxy S6 and S6 edge last year.

Glass and metal still make up the body, and the screens maintain the same Quad
HD 2560x1440 resolution, as the South Korean giant refrained from making them
4K. The similarities extend to the fingerprint sensor, wireless charging (both
Qi and PMA standards), fast wired charging, speaker, microphone and micro USB
charging port at the bottom. They both also work seamlessly with Samsung's Gear
VR virtual-reality headset. (Some Canadian retailers are including the $140
headset with phone purchases free for a limited time.)

Beyond that, the slight changes do make a collective difference.

The Galaxy S7 edge is three millimetres slimmer than the S6 edge+ released in
the fall, which may not seem substantial, yet adds greater stability when
holding it with one hand. Being 14 grams lighter also helps in that regard. The
5.5-inch Super AMOLED screen is also 0.2 inches smaller than the S6 edge+. The
flat Galaxy S7 remains the same as its predecessor at 5.1 inches.

Bringing back the microSD memory-card slot for storage expansion and water
resistance may help win over some holdouts who lamented their omission last
year. The former is highly necessary because seven gigabytes of the 32 GB (the
only size available in Canada, so far) internal storage is taken up by system
memory.

Water resistance doesn't mean "waterproof" in the full sense, but both phones
can withstand being submerged in clear water down to 1.5 metres for up to 30
minutes.

This is less about snapping incessantly at the pool, and more about keeping the
phone safe from rain, splashing water and an accidental toilet bowl dip. That's
something most smartphones, including the iPhone, can't do without a case.

The rear camera is now more flush with the back, dampening the unseemly
protrusion on the previous devices. Additionally, it has a 12-megapixel image
sensor, which may seem like a downgrade from the previous 16-megapixel one (if
you buy into the megapixel myth), but is actually a step up. A wider f/1.7
aperture and larger micron pixels are the two main reasons both of these models
can shoot better images.

Indeed, the combination of a wider aperture with larger pixels allows for better
shooting in almost any low-light situation.

The great results in Auto mode notwithstanding, it is worth getting acclimated
with the Pro manual mode to achieve even better composition.

The differences between the S7 and S7 edge, other than screen size, are largely
based on the edge screen. Otherwise, they use the same internal components,
screen resolution, camera and software, making the choice largely about screen
size and the edge, which isn't aimed at a specific user, but rather anyone who
might like it. Those who choose the edge will likely do so for the look.

Another thing both have is the Always-On display feature - an interesting one
that may also be divisive. When the screen is off, pertinent information such as
the time, date, battery level and basic notifications of new e-mail, messages
and missed calls appear in plain white text. It floats across the screen slowly
to avoid "burning in" to the display, as AMOLED screens don't handle long static
images well.

The edge screen, so terribly neutered last year, has now been given a real
chance to grow on the Galaxy S7 edge, though its longevity will largely depend
on outside support from app developers.

The flat Galaxy S7 ($399 on contract; $899 outright) comes in black or silver,
while the S7 edge ($499 on contract; $999 outright) comes in black only. Both
are available now for preorder and hit stores on March 11.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2016 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             286 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Samsung unveils new products at mobile conference in Spain

LENGTH: 391  words


Samsung Electronics Co Ltd released a batch of new products during the Mobile
World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, on Sunday, including the newest additions to
the Galaxy family of products, Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge and the
Samsung Gear VR device.

Mark Zuckerberg, founder of Facebook, attended the unveiling ceremony and
delivered a speech.

People wear Samsung Gear VR devices as they attend the launching ceremony of the
new Samsung S7 and S7 edge smartphones during the Mobile World Congress in
Barcelona, Spain, February 21, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

Samsung's Mobile Communications Business President Dongjin Koh holds the S7 and
S7 edge new smartphones during their unveiling ceremony at the Mobile World
Congress in Barcelona, Spain, February 21, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

Mark Zuckerberg (L), founder of Facebook, is greeted by Samsung's Mobile
Communications Business President Dongjin Koh during the unveiling ceremony of
the Samsung S7 and S7 edge smartphones at the Mobile World Congress in
Barcelona, Spain, February 21, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

Mark Zuckerberg, founder of Facebook, speaks as he attends the unveiling
ceremony of the new Samsung S7 and S7 edge smarthphones at the Mobile World
Congress in Barcelona, Spain, February 21, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

A woman displays new Samsung S7 (R) and S7 edge smartphones after their
unveiling ceremony at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, February
21, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

People check out the new Samsung S7 and S7 edge smartphones after their
unveiling ceremony at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, February
21, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

The new Samsung S7 smartphone is displayed after its unveiling ceremony at the
Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, February 21, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/85/145623151879.jpg

b083fe955a0f1834bd8f29.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/58/145623152028.jpg

b083fe955a0f1834bd902a.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/46/145623152134.jpg

b083fe955a0f1834bd912b.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/97/145623152474.jpg

b083fe955a0f1834bd922c.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/17/145623152656.jpg

b083fe955a0f1834bd922d.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/33/145623152771.jpg

b083fe955a0f1834bd932e.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/79/145623152978.jpg

b083fe955a0f1834bd942f.jpg

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             287 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                     February 23, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Samsung Showcases Exynos 8 Octa At MWC 2016, Its Cutting-Edge Processor That
Powers Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge

LENGTH: 270  words


Tuesday, February 23, 2016: Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., a world leader in
advanced semiconductor technology, today announced that the Exynos 8 Octa, its
2nd generation premium mobile processor on 14nm FinFET technology, will power
the latest Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge.

"The continuous adoption of our Exynos processors in flagship smartphone models
like the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge underscores our technology leadership in the
mobile SoC sector," said Ben K. Hur, Vice President of marketing, System LSI
Business at Samsung Electronics. "Integrating custom-designed CPU cores for
unrivalled performance and incredibly fast LTE Cat. 12/13 modem, the new Exynos
8 Octa will bring the most exciting mobile experience to Galaxy S7 users."

The 64-bit custom CPU cores in the Exynos 8 Octa have been designed to deliver
unparalleled performance and power efficiency. Built on Samsung's 2nd generation
14nm FinFET process, the Exynos 8 Octa delivers improvements in performance by
more than 30 percent and in power efficiency by 10 percent, compared to its
predecessor, the Exynos 7 Octa 7420.

The Exynos 8 Octa also integrates the most advanced LTE Rel.12 Cat.12/13 modem
for cutting-edge speed in connectivity. It offers downlink speed of up to
600Mbps (Cat.12) and an upload speed of up to 150Mbps (Cat.13) with carrier
aggregation, which will transform mobile user experience.

The Exynos 8 Octa will be shown at Samsung's booth, Hall 2, Booth 2F21 at Mobile
World Congress 2016 from February 22 to 25 in Fira Gran Via, Barcelona, Spain,
along with other Exynos products including the recently introduced Exynos 7 Octa
7870.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2016 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             288 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday

Samsung Electronics' Q1 earnings beat forecast '

LENGTH: 628 words


South Korean tech giant Samsung Electronics Co. said Thursday its first-quarter
operating profit is estimated to have hovered far above the previous forecast,
apparently on the back of early sales of its flagship smartphone, the Galaxy S7.

Samsung said it is believed to have posted an operating profit of 6.6 trillion
won (US$5.6 billion) in the January-March period, up 10.37 percent from the same
period last year. From the previous quarter, the Q1 estimate marks a 7.49
percent rise.

The first-quarter sales came to 49 trillion won, up 3.99 percent from 47.12
trillion won a year earlier, according to the company's earnings guidance. The
regulatory filing did not reveal net profits.

The estimated earnings hovered far above the market consensus of 5.6 trillion
won by 22 South Korean brokerage houses, according to data compiled by Yonhap
Infomax, the financial arm of Yonhap News Agency. The securities firms had
forecast sales to reach 49.1 trillion won in the first quarter.

Analysts said the company's first-quarter mobile business is believed to have
enjoyed a favorable performance apparently on the back of the Galaxy S7, which
went on sales earlier in March.

The predecessor, the Galaxy S6, went on sales in April, having only a limited
impact on the company's first-quarter performance in 2015.

The Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge smartphones, first showcased at a trade fair in
Spain in February, come with improved batteries and are water and dust
resistant. The company also brought back the micro SD card slot that had
disappeared in the Galaxy S6 series.

"Sales of the Galaxy S7 series are estimated to have hovered above 10 million
units in the first quarter, above the expectation of 7 million," said Shin
Hyun-joon, an analyst at LIG Investment & Securities Co.

Hwang Joon-ho, an analyst at KDB Daewoo Securities Co., echoed the view, adding
new features adopted by the Galaxy S7 series added to the strong sales, with the
combined shipment estimated to reach 45 million for 2016.

While Samsung did not provide performances for respective business divisions,
KDB Daewoo Securities estimated the mobile arm to boast an operating profit of
3.3 trillion won, up 19 percent from a year earlier.

Industry watchers added Samsung is expected to enjoy foreign-exchange benefits,
especially in the semiconductor and display segments.

KDB Daewoo Securities estimated the semiconductor business to have posted an
operating profit of 2.5 trillion won, down 17 percent on-year.

IBK Securities Co. echoed the view, casting an estimate of 2.54 trillion won in
operating profit for semiconductors and 3.24 trillion won for the mobile
business.

If the actual earnings report, set to be delivered later this month, is in line
with the estimate, it would stand as a signal for the revival of the mobile
division, analysts said.

While the segment stood as the mainstay business for Samsung, a slump in
smartphone sales paved the way for the chip division to stand as the main source
of profit in 2015.

The semiconductor business posted an operating profit of 12.7 trillion won in
2015, hovering above 10.1 trillion won posted by the mobile arm. In 2013,
Samsung made 24.9 trillion won from its mobile business and only 6.88 trillion
won from chip sales.

Analysts, however, said the second quarter may be more challenging for Samsung
Electronics as its rivals continue to roll out more devices, while the
increasing marketing costs also remain a burden.

But Samsung's top-tier technology in the chip segment cast a brighter future for
the rest of 2016, analysts said.

Shares of Samsung Electronics Co. closed 1.98 percent higher at 1,285,000 won on
Wednesday, with the benchmark KOSPI rising 0.44 percent. The earnings guidance
was released before the stock market opened Thursday. (Yonhap)

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             289 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  News Tonight

                      February 1, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Samsung sends out invitations for 'Unpacked' event in Barcelona, Feb 21

BYLINE: Karabo Mugabe

LENGTH: 216  words


On Sunday afternoon PT, Bigwig South Korean device maker Samsung has sent out
the invitations for its 'Unpacked' product launch event, revealing that the
event will be held in Barcelona, Spain, on February 21, 2016.

According to the invitations, the 'Unpacked' event will officially kick off at 7
p. m. CET on February 21 -- the inaugural day of the 2016 Mobile World Congress
(MWC) trade show in Barcelona. The event will be livestreamed on the Samsung
Mobile YouTube channel.

Though the invites sent out by Samsung for the forthcoming 'Unpacked' event
tease "the next Galaxy," they do not explicitly divulge any details about the
expected proceedings on February 21. However, it is widely speculated that the
company will unveil the next- generation versions of its flagship Galaxy
handsets - Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge - at the event.

Going by the speculations, the straight-sided Galaxy S7 handset will feature a
5.1-inch Quad HD display; while the curved Galaxy S7 Edge will boast a 5.5-inch
Quad HD display. Both the displays will be pressure-sensitive.

Some of the other expected features of the new Galaxy S7 handsets include a
Snapdragon 820 processor; 4GB of RAM; a new 12- megapixel rear camera; and up to
64GB of onboard storage capacity, with a microSD card slot for storage
expansion.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2016 S. G. Infotech Enterprises Pvt. Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             290 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Hartford Courant

                            November 6, 2016 Sunday
                               Statewide Edition

CNET

SECTION: SMARTER LIVING; D; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 374  words


Samsung

Galaxy S7 Edge

CNET rating: 5 stars out of 5 (Spectacular)

The good: The Galaxy S7 Edge has a gorgeous larger curved screen and larger
battery than the otherwise identical standard S7. It really is something
special. The extra navigation tools can be useful when used judiciously.

The bad: When you pile on these extra navigation tools, they slow you down
rather than speed you up. It's pricier than other good phones.

The cost: $599.99 (refurbished) to $779.99

The bottom line: The gorgeous Galaxy S7 Edge makes the best Android phone that
much better.

Samsung

Galaxy S7

CNET rating: 4.5 stars out of 5 (Outstanding)

The good: Polished design. Awesome camera. Long battery life. MicroSD storage
slot and water-resistant (again!).

The bad: Annoyingly reflective. Smudge magnet. Plastic-looking selfies even with
no filter. No removable battery, which isn't surprising, but is still a
compromise compared to 2014's S5.

The cost: $479.99 (refurbished) to $679.99

The bottom line: The fast, powerful, beautiful Galaxy S7 phone is 2016's
all-around phone to beat.

OnePlus 3

CNET rating: 4.5 stars out of 5 (Outstanding)

The good: The OnePlus 3's sharp camera, powerful processor and enduring,
quick-charging battery make a knockout combo when you factor in its low price.

The bad: The camera has a distinct bulge. Power users may be disappointed that
the phone doesn't have a swappable battery or expandable storage.

The cost: $399 to $495

The bottom line: At $400, the OnePlus 3 is the best budget Android phone you can
buy, with a premium look and feel, and performance fast enough to go
head-to-head with any high-end handset on the market.

Google Pixel

CNET rating: 4.5 stars out of 5 (Outstanding)

The good: The Google Pixel has a fantastic camera, especially in low light. It's
elegantly designed. Google Assistant takes one of the most natural, human
approaches to answering your voice.

The bad: The phone's display is dim in outdoor sunlight and its camera's Lens
Blur feature is shoddy. It's splash-resistant rather than dunkable, and it's
pricey compared to previous Google Nexus devices.

The cost: $649 to $649.99

The bottom line: If you're wary of Samsung or looking for a worthy iPhone
alternative, the Google Pixel is the high-end Android phone to get.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             291 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Nation (Kenya)

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

Samsung stirs up the market with Galaxy S7 devices launch

BYLINE: DOREEN WAINAINAH

LENGTH: 278  words


Samsung Electronics East Africa have officially unveiled its flagship devices in
Kenya with the launch of the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge.
This is the first official launch of the devices in Africa, as the smartphone
maker up the rivalry with Huawei, which launched their high end device last
month.


Samsung and other high end smartphone makers are fighting the wave of cheap
arrivals from chinese manufacturers that have in the recent past threatened
sales in premium brands.
The devices will be retailing at Sh80,000 for the S7 and Sh85,000 for the S7
edge. The S7 comes fitted with a 5.1 inch screen while the s7 edge spots a 5.5
inch screen.
The devices which will be available for sale starting today were announced
during the Mobile World Congress 2016 in Barcelona last month, with those who
pre-ordered the device receiving a Galaxy Gear Virtual reality as part of the
package.  Pre-ordering kicked off after the launch.
"This year, pre-order was six times higher than that of the S6," said Jung Hyun
Park, vice president and managing director Samsung EA.
The S7 edge is cheaper by Sh5,000 compared to its predecessor the S6 edge which
was retailing at Sh90,000 during its launch in September last year.
It will be available in black, gold and silver and comes with a power bank and a
clear view cover with a two year warranty.
The device has additional features like the water proof and dust proof that was
not in the S6.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/338/1144/51/145821163599.jpg

A South Korean woman holds up Samsung Electronics' latest flagship smartphone,
the Galaxy S7 edge, during a showcase to mark the domestic launch in Seoul on
March 10, 2016. AFP / JUNG Yeon-Je

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1144


                       Copyright 2016 Nation Media Group
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             292 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     February 22, 2016 Monday 11:54 AM GMT

MWC 2016: six of the hottest new smartphones and gadgets;
From Samsung's even more curvy Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge to Cat's thermal camera
phone, the best new tech from day one at Barcelona's Mobile World Congress

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 804 words


The first day of the biggest trade show in smartphones has been and gone with a
myriad of shiny new gadgets launched from Samsung, Sony, HP, LG, HTC and even
Cat. Here's what's hot from Barcelona's Mobile World Congress.

1. Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge

Following up on the redesign of its primarily plastic smartphones into popular
premium metal and glass slabs, Samsung's back with the even more curvy 5.1in
Galaxy S7 and bigger 5.5in Galaxy S7 Edge.

They both bring back fan favourites of waterproofing and expandable storage with
a microSD card slot. But possibly the most significant thing is that they have
larger batteries, hopefully ending the eternal hunt for a power supply.

Samsung also launched a 360-degree camera and will start bundling its Gear VR
headsets with the S7.

2. LG G5

Not to be outdone by its Korean rival, LG launched arguably one of the bravest
flagship Android smartphones to date. Its new G5 has a metal body, 5.3in quad HD
screen, fingerprint scanner on the back and runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow.

But unlike everything else the bottom of the phone is removable, exposing an
expansion port and the battery. LG hopes consumers will buy into a modular
design that allows them to add more battery, accessories and add-ons by slapping
them into the bottom of the phone.

LG also had a slender and light virtual-reality headset, a robotic ball with
cameras, IR blasters and a laser pointer built in and a 360-degree camera.

3. HP Elite X3

Computer manufacturer HP is having another stab at the smartphone game after
failing with the Palm Pre and a few others.

The Elite X3 is being pitched as the do-it-all Windows 10 device. A dual-sim 6in
phablet that slots into a dock to turn it into a Windows 10 PC of sorts,
allowing users to connect to an external display, keyboard and mouse.
Microsoft's Lumia smartphones will do something similar, but HP also showed off
a "Mobile Extender" that connects to the X3 to turn it into a laptop.

The device has its own battery, a full keyboard, a 12.5in display and various
ports.

It's all powered by Windows 10's Continuum feature, which provides a PC-like
experience from a smartphone when connected to a keyboard, mouse and screen.

The idea isn't new - Motorola tried something very similar with its Atrix
smartphones that slotted into a laptop accessory - and while it will be Windows
10 on the laptop or desktop, users will be limited to Windows Store apps.
Desktop apps require x86 chips such as those made by Intel, not mobile chips
such as the Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 within the X3, no matter how powerful they
are.

4. Cat S60 thermal camera phone

Industrial machinery and clothing brand, Cat, has been making rugged Android
smartphones for a couple of years, but its latest has a new trick up its sleeve.

The S60 features a built-in Flir thermal camera for checking temperatures,
spotting hotspots and even finding people trapped in wreckages, according to the
company.

It's also waterproof to 5m depth, designed to survive falls of up to 1.8m and
certified to US military specifications for shock, heat, dust, salt and other
conditions that ruin regular smartphones.

5. HTC Vive

HTC and Valve's long-awaited virtual reality headset, the Vive, finally has a
price and release date. The Vive will cost $799 (£564), with pre-orders starting
on 29 February, shipping in early April.

In competition with Facebook's Oculus Rift VR headset, which costs $599, HTC is
pitching the Vive as the "complete VR solution" bundling it with two wireless VR
controllers, head-tracking sensors and two VR titles. The Vive also has a camera
built-in for enabling augmented reality experiences as well as VR, plus is has a
phone built into it for making calls, sending messages and checking calendar
invites.

It remains to be seen whether consumers, who will also have to either have or
shell out for a very powerful computer to run either the Vive or the Oculus
Rift, will be swayed by a gaming and computer accessory costing as much as a
smartphone.

6. Sony Xperia Ear

Sony's trying to make Bluetooth headsets cool again (if they ever were). The
Xperia Ear is a small earbud that does more than just make calls. It aims to put
a digital assistant into your ear, allowing users to get the latest news,
weather, social media updates and schedule information.

It responds to voice commands and can perform web searches or give directions,
but does not use Android's built-in Google Now voice assistant, instead relying
on Sony's own systems.

Other manufacturers have tried and failed to make tiny Bluetooth headsets more
than just hands-free calling accessories, including Motorola with its Hint. But
none have managed to overcome the stigma of wearing such a device in public or
convince consumers they want such a thing.


     ·    The mobile makers are coming for the PC market and it's all
          Microsoft's fault


LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             293 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            February 2, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung Galaxy S7: 7 exciting things we want to see from the flagship smartphone

LENGTH: 1606  words


By Mohammad Omer -

Samsung's Galaxy S7 is hyped up to being one of the most anticipated smartphones
of 2016, and why wouldn't it? It packs the next generation hardware, and has all
sorts of tech present inside it. While there are some details missing that will
eventually be unveiled during the grand announcement, here are seven things that
we know about the smartphone so far.

Both Snapdragon 820 and Exynos 8890 models are going to be available in the near
future. While both mobile chipsets are manufactured on the 14nm FinFET LPP (low
power plus) technology, it is hard to say which SoC is going to outperform the
other in both raw processing performance as well as energy efficiency for
battery life conservation. As for the clock speeds of the processor running
inside both chipsets, their details have been listed below:

We expect that both chipsets will have their own fast charging technology, and
will most likely charge the battery at a much quicker pace. From what we know
about Qualcomm's Quick Charge 3.0 technology, the smartphone's battery will be
charged from 0-80 percent in a matter of 35 minutes. While this is definitely
impressive, it does not mean that the battery of the smartphone will reach to a
100 percent in an even shorter period of time, indicating that the fast charging
tech has been made in order to put you at an advantage when you do not have
sufficient time on your hands to plug in the device.

Since both chipsets are manufactured on the 14nm FinFET LPP process, we can
expect better energy efficiency in terms of battery conservation, but this will
ultimately depend on your usage. As for the design, it is rumored that Galaxy S7
will retain the same design as its predecessor Galaxy S6, but let us hope that
we are wrong on this front.

Now, as stated earlier, Galaxy S7 is going to be available to purchase in two
chipset models, but the interesting thing here is that Samsung plans to go all
out as far as different models are concerned. According to the latest rumor from
BGR, the handset is going to be available in two screen sizes; 5.1 and 5.5
inches. The larger smartphone will have a 'Plus' at the end of the model name
indicating that it is a larger variant of the two. Earlier, there were leaks
suggesting that the screen size of the device is going to be 5.7 inches, but we
feel that it will clash with the company's high-end Note series that will be
unveiled later in the year so it is probably out of the question.

In order to let fans and consumers distinguish between the first and second
flagship of 2016, there has to be some difference. As for which models the
company could be expected to announce, they have been listed below:

The curved edge display will be retained from previous models and hopefully,
Samsung will be adding in a plethora of features that we will actually be able
to take advantage of rather than just being present there as a fashion statement
or a gimmick for appeal purposes. In addition, there was another leak stating
that the dual-SIM variants of the smartphone have been certified, so in total,
you are potentially looking at 16 different models (counting all the above
models, chipset and dual-SIM variants) that could be announced in the near
future.

Our advice is that you go for the dual-SIM 5.5 inched Galaxy S7 since you will
not only be able to accommodate two numbers, you will automatically have the
benefits that come with a larger device; more content on the screen and a larger
battery (if Samsung is planning to place it in). While we believe that launching
several different models is unnecessary, it is possible that some models will
remain limited to their own regions, although it would have been a better choice
for the company to discard the single-SIM model from the start and release
dual-SIM Galaxy S7 model for added convenience.

If there is one area where smartphones suffer extensively, it's in the camera
department, particularly in low-light areas. Over the years, companies like
Samsung have strived to improve the camera sensor technology present in its
devices, and the giant has done exceedingly well in this area. For Galaxy S7,
the company is intending on raising the bar, from all the camera angles.
Starting off, the rear sensor is going to be a 12.3MP one and it is not yet
confirmed if it is going to be developed by Samsung or Sony.

However, what we do know is that the aperture of the lens is going to be wider
than before; F/1.7 as opposed to the F/1.9 on devices like Galaxy Note 5 and
Galaxy A9, which is extremely impressive. This is definitely the very first
smartphone to sport a lens with such a wide aperture and it will definitely
shine in low-light environments. For those who are severely disappointed over
the megapixel count, keep in mind that all the image and video capturing magic
is done by the sensor and megapixels have very little importance in determining
the quality of the image and video being captured.

One more thing; the more megapixels you end up cramming in a sensor, the less
light will be able to enter per pixel. With a 12.3MP rear sensor, more light
will be able to enter per pixel, allowing you greater command in low-light
environments. So if you have a camera sensor like the ones present in Xperia Z5
Premium, Xperia Z5 and Xperia Z5 Compact, they might end up taking sharper
images than Galaxy S7 (if you decide to zoom in for comparison purposes), but
they will obviously loose out to the in low-light shots.

Hardware stabilization, or OIS (optical image stabilization) is definitely going
to be a part of the image sensor, and we are also hoping that a manual mode be
added to both the image and video capturing options, like LG did with its V10.
Unlike some users who do not rely on just a 'tap and shoot' function, there are
those who want to dive into the extensive settings array and tweak the living
daylights out the camera sensor in order to snap the best possible image.

Galaxy S7 has been rumored to pack in a battery capacity of 3,000mAh battery and
will support fast-charging. This is the same battery capacity present in Galaxy
Note 5 so with an improved chipset, updated OS and hopefully a refined
interface, you will be able to rake out more battery life from the device. In
fact, the latest info from the rumor mill suggests that the handset will be able
to deliver a whopping 17 hours of talk time on a full charge, which is extremely
impressive. Let us hope that the rumor stands true.

When was the last time we heard about a pressure sensitive display? That is
correct, on Apple Watch, and on Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus. Looks like the
same display is going to make its way to Galaxy S7 as well. With its curved edge
display combined with a pressure sensitive screen, you will have more commands
available at your disposal. However, since this technology is particularly new,
we are afraid that it will be brushed off as nothing more than a gimmick.

This is only natural when new tech rolls out, and hopefully in the future, we
will see developers take complete advantage by implementing several of the
sensor's functions in their applications. We will have to wait and see what kind
of commands Samsung ends up putting in its upcoming handset. Hopefully, with
additional software updates, power users will be able to perform several
functions without having to pressing additional buttons.

With all the technology present inside Galaxy S7, we highly doubt that the
company will price it anywhere near what a price/performance smartphone should
cost. In fact, the handset could cost $100 higher than the original starting
price of Galaxy S6. What this means is that the regular version of the handset
could cost $849, while the curved edge display will cost $100 more. This is not
exactly what you would refer to as cheap, and as much is Samsung is charging for
its flagship, they'd better incorporate some major improvements as far as its
TouchWiz interface is concerned.

It was rumored earlier that Google was helping out Samsung in optimizing its
TouchWiz interface so let us hope that some good came out of all that help.
While Samsung has done extremely well in the hardware department, it's the
software region that is completely dismal.

While a removable battery is something that we can deal with, a lack of an
expandable storage slot is completely unacceptable for a premium priced
smartphone. That being said, it is expected that Galaxy S7 will be fitted with a
slot that will allow you to expand its existing storage. Samsung recently
announced its high-speed microSD cards and they will go extremely well with the
smartphone. Naturally, the internal storage packs impressive read and write
speeds, and while the latest iteration of storage cards will not equal their
speeds, they will certainly come close to it. Remember, when purchasing a
microSD card, never go for the cheapest since it obviously compromises on
quality and lifespan.

No doubt, Galaxy S7 is going to be a mobile powerhouse and the only way we will
get to know more about the device's specifications if is we wait for its
announcement date, which is February 21. Tell what you thought about our
predictions, and do tell us your own views in the comments below.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/83/145441873358.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/55/145441873420.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/94/145441873483.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/9/145441873494.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/27/145441873506.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/44/145441873520.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/66/145441873536.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/65/145441873640.png



LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             294 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                            February 26, 2016 Friday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

MWC: Samsung Galaxy S7 edges Twitter count

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 269 words


The two new Galaxy S7 handsets from Samsung were the most-tweeted about Mobile
World Congress topics during the annual tech conference's 2016 edition.

The Mobile World Congress has increasingly become a destination for technology
manufacturers of all kinds, but at the eighth MWC in Barcelona, February 22-25,
it was the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge that won out with Twitter users,
according to trend tracking firm Hotwire.

The pair of handsets were unveiled at the 2016 MWC as expected and accrued
35,360 tweets between them.

Very close behind was LG's latest high-spec handset, the modular G5.

Dropping down into the low 20,000s was the Sony Xperia line.

Though the Xperia X was on display, the name was also applied to four concept
designs: the Agent (a voice-controlled AI assistant), Ear (a voice-controlled
earbud), Projector (a projector that turns its target surfaces into ad-hoc
touchscreen displays) and Eye (a camera).

Also causing a buzz at MWC was the Internet of Things, Virtual Reality and 5G
data connections.

Samsung also unveiled a 360 degree camera as part of its Gear range, and
Microsoft brought new Windows 10 devices.

And though Samsung's one-two combination of the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge ruled
Hotwire's individual topical tweets chart, LG was the most-tweeted about brand,
ahead of Samsung's 40,873 tweets with a total of 44,482 messages.

Top 10 most-tweeted MWC 2016 topics
1. Samsung Galaxy S7/Edge - 35,360
2. LG G5 - 34,496
3. Xperia - 22,409
4. Zuckerberg - 16,074
5. IoT - 14,487
6. VR (Virtual Reality) - 13,941
7. 5G - 12,650
8. 360 - 10,885
9. Windows - 9,162
10. Tablet - 8,661
Data supplied by Hotwire

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2016 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                             295 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                           September 16, 2016, Friday

SAMSUNG;
Smartphone recall issues blazing on

BYLINE: Hayley Tsukayama, The Washington Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. P2D

LENGTH: 584 words


Samsung's problems seem to be getting worse as the company tries to orchestrate
the replacement of millions of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphones, which have been
found to explode and catch fire.

If that were not bad enough, there is now a report that the Samsung Galaxy S7, a
separate smartphone that has been on the market since March, may have caused a
car fire in Port St. Lucie, Florida, ABC News reported. While police were
initially investigating whether a Galaxy Note 7 was the cause of that fire, the
wife of the car's owner told ABC that the smartphone was a Galaxy S7.

Doubts about the safety of the other Samsung products would be a major problem
for Samsung. Not only has the Galaxy S7 been a big hit, the smartphone is being
offered to consumers as part of the current replacement program.

It's not clear whether this latest fire was caused by the same problem as the
Galaxy Note 7 fires, whether it could be part of a separate issue or whether it
is an isolated incident. Neither Samsung nor the Consumer Product Safety
Commission immediately responded to a request for comment on whether the recall
may be expanded to include other Samsung devices.

Last week, when a California man filed a suit against Samsung alleging that the
Galaxy S7 Edge - a larger version of the S7, with a curved screen - exploded and
burned him, according to a USA Today report.

That followed a report from the Sun newspaper in Britain that an S7 Edge had
exploded in a teacher's hands. Samsung told the Sun: "There are no known safety
issues with Galaxy S7 devices. This issue is currently being investigated, and
our customer services team is in contact with the customer regarding the matter.

The process of recalling an estimated 2.5 million Galaxy Note 7 smartphones from
users has been messy. When reports of explosions first surfaced in Korean media,
Samsung initiated a voluntary replacement program, encouraging customers to turn
off their phones and trade them in to Samsung or their carriers. But those
actions drew criticism from Consumer Reports and others who said that the
seriousness of the defect merited a formal recall, which would make it illegal
to continue selling the phones.

Samsung began working with the Consumer Product Safety Commission on an official
recall. But that collaboration has led to complications in the return timeline,
as all recall-related actions must be made in conjunction with the government
agency.

Muddying matters further, Samsung advertisements in Korea said the firm would
issue a software update there that would limit the Galaxy Note 7's battery to 60
percent capacity to mitigate the risk of fire, but there was no guidance from
Samsung on whether that would also be available in the United States or whether
such a cap reduces the risk of fires.

Thus far, Samsung appears to have weathered the negative effects of what will
surely be a costly recall of the Note 7. The firm's stock, which dropped
precipitously after the initial reports of explosions, started to recover
Tuesday. Shares closed up 4.23 percent on the Korean stock market before trading
stopped for the week because of a national holiday and after analysts said that
even the negative coverage and confusion over the Note 7 replacement program had
not yet seemed to hurt the firm's overall smartphone sales.

Yet if the Galaxy Note 7 issue triggers more concerns about safety issues with
that and other smartphones in Samsung's line, the firm may be looking at a much
larger problem than it initially anticipated.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Charleston Newspapers


                             296 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             July 28, 2016 Thursday

Samsung Electronics reaps W8tr profit in Q2

LENGTH: 392 words


Samsung Electronics posted its best quarterly results in more than two years and
it expects continued solid performance in the latter half of this year.

The tech giant said Thursday it posted 8.1 trillion won ($7.2 billion) in
operating profit in the second quarter, an 18 percent jump on-year. Revenue for
the quarter rose 4.9 percent to 50 trillion won.

The growth was mainly driven by its mobile business, which posted 4.3 trillion
won in operating income. Its flagship smartphone Galaxy S7 series sold around 16
million units during the quarter, with premium model Galaxy S7 Edge accounting
for more than 50 percent of the total sales of the S7 series.

The world's largest smartphone maker by shipment predicted a continued rise in
demand for its mobile devices in the latter half of this year.

"(Following the rollout of Galaxy Note 7), we will still retain the price of
Galaxy S7," Lee Kyung-tae, the chief of Samsung's mobile business division, said
in a conference call. "Through the consistent price policy, we will raise
consumer and market confidence."

"The launch of the Galaxy Note 7 in the second half and the price maintenance of
Galaxy S7 will raise the average sales price of smartphones in the third
quarter," Lee added.

Samsung is also expected to have seen a solid performance in its memory chip
segment centering on high-value products.

Amid growing demand for solid-state disks for computers, stocks were very tight
at the end of the second quarter, but demand is expected to be stronger in the
third quarter, the company said.

"We will unveil the 64-layer V-NAND solid-state drives (for the first time
globally) this year. Demand for content, mobile platform and solid-state disks
services is expected to rise although there will not be significant supply
growth in 2017," said Chun Se-won, the company's memory business chief.

Its display division, which posted 6.4 trillion won in sales and 140 billion won
in operating profits in the second quarter, is also expected to continue to
grow, centering on organic light-emitting diode panels in the next quarter, the
company said.

"With demand growth for organic light-emitting diode expected, we will continue
to have solid performance by expanding sales of high-value panels such as
flexible and high-definition displays," said Lee Chang-hoon, an executive of
Samsung Display.

By Shin Ji-hye (

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             297 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday
                                Regional Edition

What you can do if you purchased Samsung's faulty Galaxy Note 7 phone

BYLINE: Hayley Tsukayama

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 503 words


Last week, Samsung halted sales of its latest flagship smartphone, the Galaxy
Note 7, after reports of battery explosions and said that it will voluntarily
replace every device.

"We acknowledge the inconvenience this may cause in the market but this is to
ensure that Samsung continues to deliver the highest quality products to our
customers," the firm said in a statement last week. "We are working closely with
our partners to ensure the replacement experience is as convenient and efficient
as possible."

Samsung told reporters that it had shipped 2.5 million of the devices and
confirmed 35 cases in which the batteries explode either during or after
charging normally. The phones have a failure rate of about 24 per every million,
the company said.

Although only a few dozen cases have been confirmed, those who have bought one
of the devices may be wondering: Do I really need to trade it in?

The answer is yes. Sure, it's a pain in the figurative sense. But that's better
than pain in the literal sense - which is a risk if you don't go through the
steps to return the phone.

Note 7 owners have a couple of options for returning their device.

Samsung is running an exchange program that will let smartphone users swap their
Galaxy Note 7 for a new one when they become available. Samsung is also going to
give customers the option to swap their Note 7 for another Samsung phone model -
the Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 Edge - that has not had battery issues. The company
will refund the difference in price and any accessories.

The company has also said that "consumers will receive a $25 gift card or bill
credit from select carrier retail outlets when choosing a Galaxy S7 family
device or the Galaxy Note 7 within the exchange program." AT&T is one of those
retailers.

All four major carriers - AT&T, Verizon, Sprint and T-Mobile - have stopped
selling the phones and suspended restocking and shipping fees for exchanges.
T-Mobile and Verizon have said that the policy is in place until at least Sept.
30.

Each carrier has given instructions on how to exchange its phones. AT&T is
letting customers trade in their Note 7s for a Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge or
Galaxy S7 Active. When new Note 7 devices are available, AT&T will also allow
users to exchange for those phones. T-Mobile said customers can use their refund
money on any device, and will also let customers who preordered the phone to
keep additional promotional items, including a Netflix subscription and Gear Fit
or SD card. Sprint is also allowing customers "a similar device until the issue
is resolved," though it has not specified which devices.

Samsung has not issued an official recall for the Galaxy Note 7; a decision that
has earned the company sharp criticism from Consumer Reports, which said doing
so would make it illegal to sell the phone and provide more information to
consumers about the device's problems. Samsung did not immediately respond to a
request for comment on whether it will officially recall the Note 7.

hayley.tsukayama@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             298 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            March 30, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung Galaxy S7 Active leaked online

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 274 words


The rumours oflaunching a rugged version of S7 are back. A Samsung app recently
leaked the upcoming smartphone on the long list of supported devices in the
Google Play listing.The Active range ofwere first launched in 2013 when the
company launched a rugged version of Galaxy S4. Since then every flagship model
in the 'S' series has been accompanied by an Active variant. Active variants are
known to boast features like IP rating for water and shock resistance and longer
battery life.

READ ALSO:A recent listing on website Zauba too recently hinted at Active
variant of the smartphone. A smartphone with 5.1-inch phone going by model
number SM-G891A reportedly entered the country. According to a report in
VentureBeat, the model number is significant as it follows the same nomenclature
as last year's Galaxy S6 Active, SM-G890A. Galaxy S6 Active was released in June
last year.Earlier this month,launched its latest flagship --and-- in India. The
launch comes within a month of their global launch at MWC 2016 in Barcelona.READ
ALSO:As speculated, Samsung is selling the Exynos 8890 chipset variant in the
country and not the other one with Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 SoC. The neware
priced at Rs 48,900 and Rs 56,900 respectively. Both Galaxy S7 and S7 edge
smartphones sport similar hardware. While the Galaxy S7 offers a 5.1-inch
display, weigh 152 gram and is powered by a 3,000mAh battery, on the other hand,
the bigger S7 edge sports a 5.5-inch display, 3,600mAh battery and weighs 5 gram
more. The two new high-end smartphones have a Quad HD Super AMOLED display with
a resolution of 2560 x 1440 pixels.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             299 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

Samsung Galaxy S7 to be cheaper than Galaxy S6

LENGTH: 221  words


By tbreak Staff -

The Samsung Galaxy S7 has been the center of many rumors these days. Just
recently we heard about the chipset, but until now there was no news in
particular about its pricing. The latest flagship from Samsung may actually be
10 percent lower than the launch price of its predecessor the Galaxy S6.

According to a report by the Times of India, China based analyst Pan Jiutang
states that Samsung will be playing with the pricing for its next flagship. The
Galaxy S7 is expected to be announced in a few months for the coming year, and
it is expected to be 10 percent lower than the Galaxy S6. This could be the
boost Samsung needs to give it a head start from its competitors such as HTC and
Sony.

The Samsung Galaxy S6 sales did not hit the initial targets for it when it was
released this year in April. Although the phone packed an amazing set of
features, its pricing was an issue. This lead to the Note5 having better sales
as well.

The Samsung Galaxy S7 recently popped up on benchmarking website AnTuTu, showing
off high scores of 103,692 points, which in comparison the closest that this
years flagships have come to were around 80,000 points (Huawei HiSilicon Kirin
950). The announcements for the Samsung Galaxy S7 is expected to be out early
next year.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/35/144948732347.jpg



LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             300 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            October 21, 2016 Friday
                                 Delhi Edition

Samsung to Drive Festive Sales with S7

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: BRANDS: CREATING DESIRE

LENGTH: 356 words


Samsung India said it is confident the Galaxy Note 7 fiasco will not impact its
smartphone sales this quarter, and is also hopeful of gaining market share.

The country's largest smartphone maker will also vacate the 3G smartphone space
and all its upcoming launches will only be 4G handsets, a senior company
executive said.The company said its festive sales are going as per expectations,
which will result in record volumes in India this year. The company aims to
achieve this by focusing on the earlier flagships -Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge,
launched earlier this year and thro

ugh several model launches planned this quarter, said Manu Sharma, vice
president (mobile business), Samsung India Electronics.

\x93We have converted the Note 7 pre

boo ked cus tomers in India to S7 and S7 Edge. We are

humbled by the loyalty of the consumers towards the brand. There is now a strong
sales momentum on S7 and S7 Edge. By virtue of being a full range player with 25
models across seg ments, we are confident to

grow our share and sales this quarter,\x93 said Sharma.

As per estimates, S7 and S7 Edge sales has doubled since the last

week in India when the company announced permanent withdrawal of the Note 7
handset globally after there were reports of the \x93corrected\x93 handsets,
too, catching fire.

Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge sales growth has increased from 20% to 40% over the last
10 days, a person aware of the development said.Sharma declined to comment on
the

sales. Samsung has also stepped up promotions for the two models during this
period. Samsung has already launched eight devices this quarter and more are in
the pipeline.

\x93We already have the largest 4G handset portfolio. Around 80% of the
smartphone market is now 4G handsets and hence we will only launch such
handsets,\x93 he said.

The cheapest Samsung 4G handset . 4,900. The is the Z2 selling at around '
prices of Samsung's 4G smartphone portfolio is likely to plunge further
considering the 3G models may reach end of life soon.

As per market tracker GfK, Samsung had around 48.7% value share in the Indian
smartphone market as of August 2016 as compared to 41.6% in August last year.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             301 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                      September 9, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Apple's Warranty Doesn't Cover Water Damage For 'Waterproof' iPhone 7

BYLINE: Chandrakant 'CK' Isi

LENGTH: 363  words


In terms of water-resistance, the Galaxy S7 edge has an "edge" over the iPhone.

Waterproof phones have been around for over a decade. Especially, the Japanese
have affinity towards such handsets. In the land of rising Sun, brands such as
Sharp, Fujitsu, Kyocera have been churning out handsets that can withstand
water. For the rest of the world though, the first water-resistant mainstream
Android was the Motorola Defy. However, Motorola's vision for waterproof phones
was quite repulsive to look at. Soon, Sony showed the world that a waterproof
phone need not be an eyesore. Finally, it was Samsung that took the engineering
to the extremes to deliver a sleek yet waterproof Galaxy S7 edge. With the
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, Apple followed the suite. The Cupertino-based
company did a brilliant job at adding the element protection without
compromising on the aesthetics.

However, unlike Samsung, Apple isn't confident about its waterproof phone. In
fact, the American company refuses to cover liquid damage for its waterproof
iPhone under warranty. Here's the screenshot of iPhone 7's official product
page.

If you buy the new iPhone this Diwali, do not challenge your Galaxy S7 edge
wielding friend at a pool party. Now, lets move onto the explanation part. While
in general both the iPhones and Samsung's Galaxy S7 edge are waterproof. The
Galaxy S7 edge is rated IP68 whereas the iPhone 7 settles for IP67. IP stands
for Ingress Protection. The first digit represents the protection against dust.
Both the iPhone 7 and Galaxy S7 edge are rated 6, which means these handsets are
full protected against dust. The second digit represents water resistance. The
iPhone's is rated 7, which means that it is protected protected against the
effects of temporary submersion in water for 30 minutes at 3 feet. On the other
hand, Samsung's phone is rated 8, which offers protection against the effects of
permanent submersion in water up to 13 feet. Clearly, Samsung's flagship is
better equipped to survive under-water. Little wonder then, Apple is being
cautious about the warranty part. It is not the first one to do so either as
Sony has a similar policy on fully submerged phones.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             302 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                             August 22, 2016 Monday

Reliance Jio offers preview scheme on all Samsung, LG 4G smartphones starting
today

LENGTH: 264  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Aug. 22 -- Zee Media Bureau
 All Samsung and LG smartphones which are 4G-enabled can also avail the Reliance
Jio's Preview scheme, starting today.


 Jio's Preview scheme offers unlimited access to calls, text messages, internet
as well as apps for live TV, video on demand, music streaming and others for 90
days.
 Relaince Jio's official website has published a list of smartphones that will
support the Preview offer.
 The list of Samsung smartphones include the Samsung Galaxy A3, Galaxy A5,
Galaxy A5 2016, Galaxy A5 Duos, Galaxy A7, Galaxy A7 2016, Galaxy A8, Galaxy
Alpha, Galaxy Core Prime, Galaxy Grand Max, Galaxy J max, Galaxy J1 Ace, Samsung
Galaxy J1 Ace, Galaxy J2, Galaxy J2 (2016), Galaxy J2 Pro, Galaxy J3, Galaxy J5,
Galaxy J5 (2016), Galaxy J7, Galaxy J7 (2016), Galaxy K Zoom, Galaxy Note 3,
Galaxy Note 4, Galaxy Note 5, Galaxy Note 5 Duos, Galaxy Note 7, Galaxy Note
Edge, Galaxy S 5 Plus, Galaxy S4, GALAXY S4 4G, Galaxy S4, Galaxy S5 Neo, Galaxy
S6, Galaxy S6 Edge, Galaxy S6 Edge Plus, Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge, Grand Prime,
Galaxy On5, Galaxy On5 Pro, Galaxy On7 and Galaxy On7 Pro
 The LG smartphones that are eligible for the offe r areK7 LTE, Stylus 2 K520DY,
G5 H860, X Screen K500I, Stylus 2 Plus K535D, G4 Stylus 4G H630D and H442 LG
Spirit LTE.
 Before today, Reliance Jio Preview Offer was exclusive to only LYF smartphone
series and few selected Samsung smartphones like the Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 edge,
Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge, Galaxy S6 edge Plus, Galaxy A5 2015 and Galaxy A5
2016, Galaxy A7 2015, Galaxy A7 2016, Galaxy A8 and Galaxy Note 4.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             303 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                       March 8, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Five Reasons to Buy the Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge

BYLINE: Lila Ray

LENGTH: 524  words


Samsung's 2016 flagships are officially here, at Rs 49k and Rs 57ka"and a free
VR headset before March 17

These flagships don't look dramatically different from what they did before,
despite subtle differences in shades. But here are five solid reasons to get one
of these:

1. The Galaxy S7 has been launched at Rs 48,900 and the S7 Edge at Rs 56,900.
That's not wildly different from what their flagships cost at launch each year.
The difference is that you get more. This time, if you pre-book before March 17,
you get the VR headset free. And I can tell you that VR6 is really happening.
It's still in its infancy and there are lots of issues to be fixed but the
experiences with it are mind-blowing. To get the Oculus Rift based headset
bundled with the smartphone is no small deal.

2. The camera on both these phones is the new standard to beat. Detailed
comparisons with the camera on the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus have shown that the S7
is better on most parameters. So if you're a photography buff, you can do no
better at this point. The resolution may have dropped to 12MP but as photo
enthusiasts will know, it's been terribly wrong to think that it's the
megapixels that count. With much improved optics its aperture is now f1.7 and
the pixels are bigger. The camera is now a great low-light performer.

3. Both phones are now IP68 certified dust and waterproof. I wouldn't overdo it
but you can take an underwater selfie. This time, the phones have a water
detection feature which won't let you charge the device until the port is dry.
The waterproofing is all on the inside, allowing the ports to be open.

4. Samsung has bundled in a premium service it calls Galaxy Concierge. When you
get into the My Galaxy section, you'll find the service now offers a gamut of
facilities that include jumping the queue to access a special desk at any
Samsung service center, getting a free pick and drop of the phone while it's
fixed if you should need that plus a standby phone in the meantime. But the more
interesting benefit is from a tie-up with Haptik, the concierge app, which will
mean all you have to do is open the Galaxy app to get say, a cab booking, flight
bookings, food ordered, movie tickets booked, shopping done etc. It's through
Haptik, but for the S7 user, there will also be deals through tie-ups such as
one that is already in place with Ola.

5. The final reason belongs specifically to the S7 Edge because when you slide
out from the right edge, you have a beautiful arrangement of apps and tasks that
are ready for you to use. True, this can be done with a third-party app, but it
only really looks good on the curved edges of the Galaxy S7 Edge.

The S7s have an outstanding camera. Resolution is down to 12 MP, but with bigger
pixels, improved optics, f1.7 aperture, and great low-light performance.

So as you've guessed, my recommendation a (rare) strong buy, especially if you
have much older Samsung or other Android phones and are looking for a
top-of-the-line phone with an outstanding camera, to upgrade to.

Lila Ray is a corporate consultant who likes her gadgets almost more than her
shoes. Write to her at raylila@outlook.com

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             304 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                              July 18, 2016 Monday

Samsung launches S7 Edge Olympian Edition

LENGTH: 164  words


Pretend to be an Olympian with this limited edition

If you ever wanted to feel like an Olympic athlete, without ever having to work
for it, Samsung is here to help. Say hello to the new Galaxy S7 Edge Olympic
Games Limited Edition.

The new Olympic themed Galaxy S7 Edge comes with accents in colors of the
Olympic circles and custom themes and wallpapers as well. According to sources,
12,500 athletes attending the Summer Games in Brazil will receive the Galaxy S7
Edge Olympic Games Limited Edition as a gift. However, you dont have to be an
athlete to get it for yourself, as the 2016 units of the S7 Edge Olympic Edition
will be sold in select countries. These include Brazil, United States, China,
Germany and Korea.

In US the Galaxy S7 Edge Olympic Edition (32GB) is on sale for $840. This is a
$50 more than the regular model, but you also get a limited edition phone, so
its worth it. However, unlike the Batman themed version, the Olympic model does
not come with a VR headset.

Source

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             305 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            March 16, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung Galaxy S7 costs Rs 15,750 to make: Report

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 209 words


NEW DELHI: Samsung's new flagship Galaxy S7Rs 48,900. Now, guess how much
Samsung spent on making it. According to market analyst IHS, thefor the Qualcomm
Snapdragon 820 version of the Galaxy S7 is reportedly $255. This roughly
translates to Rs 15,750 (considering Rs 70 for $1). Note that this price doesn't
include costs related to software research, R&D, marketing, distribution among
other taxes and charges. In India, Samsung is selling the Exynos 8890 chipset
version of the Galaxy S6, which costs less. IHS stated that the costliest
component in the smartphone is Qualcomm's Snapdragon 820 chipset which is
estimated to cost $62. The camera module costs around $14 and the overall
assembly charge is around $6. Interestingly, the reported highlighted that the
bill of materials of the Galaxy S7 is $1 less than the Galaxy S5, which was
launched two years back and had a plastic body.Samsung recently announced that
it is planning to Rs 100 crore in marketing its latest flagship smartphones to
counter Apple. The new Galaxy S7 and S7 edge were launched within a month of
their global launch at MWC 2016 in Barcelona. The company claims that its new
smartphones offer superior performance and are IP68 waterproof.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             306 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           October 13, 2016 Thursday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 6s, Samsung Galaxy S7, S6 and more: Top deals on premium
smartphones

BYLINE: Varun Sharma

LENGTH: 864  words


Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6, iPhone SE, Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 edge: Best
online deals on the premium smartphones.

The festive season is on, and so are some of the best deals on smartphones this
year. The smartphone market has seen the launch of a few flagship devices like
the Apple iPhone 7 and Google Pixel, and has also seen the demise of another -
Samsung Galaxy Note 7. We went through the top three e-retailer websites in
India (Amazon, Snapdeal and Flipkart) to find you the best deals on flagship
phones - new and old, and the best offers you can get at the moment. We will be
focusing on phones from the three big tech giants - Apple, Samsung and Google.
Of course with the Note 7 out of the way, S7 and S7 edge are the flagships from
Samsung.

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 6s, 6 deals

Apple last month launched its much awaited iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and the
devices landed on our shore on October 7. Of course, Apple has priced the
devices at a level that is higher than most other phones; even though it has
launched them at a slightly lower price than last year if you consider the
storage space has doubled.

However, the good news is that the older devices from the company have seen a
price cut after the arrival of the iPhone 7. The iPhone 5S is still retailing
near Rs 20,000, but remember this is a three year old device before you decide
to hit buy.

But if you prefer the small form factor of the 5S - the iPhone SE might be right
up your alley. The best deal on the 16GB variant of the SE is Rs 31,980 on
Amazon, which is also giving the best deal on the 64GB variant at Rs 39,212.

In you don't look too closely, the Apple iPhone 7 looks similar to the previous
two generations from the company. The 2014 launched iPhone 6 (16GB) is retailing
at Rs 36,990 on both Amazon and Flipkart, but the iPhone 6s (16GB) is now priced
at Rs 38,999 on Amazon and makes a much better deal.

Now it gets a little interesting, there is a Rs 8,000 difference between the
64GB version of both phones. The best deal on iPhone 6 (64GB) is Rs 41,999 on
Amazon, whereas the best deal for the iPhone 6s (64GB) is Rs 49,999 on Snapdeal
and Flipkart. In all honesty, 16GB of non-expandable storage on an iPhone is not
a good idea and it is recommended that go for the 64GB version with these
devices.

If however, you are in the market for the larger 5.5-inch version of the phone,
then the iPhone 6 Plus (16GB) will be the cheapest deal for you at Rs 40,145 on
Amazon. The best price of iPhone 6 Plus (64GB) is Rs 48,989 on Amazon, while the
best price of the iPhone 6s Plus (64GB) is Rs 59,999 on Flipkart. It is
important to know that even though the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus look like the 6s,
they are two year old devices. If your budget allows, try to go for the 6s or
the 6s Plus.

If buying older tech is not your style, the iPhone 7 might be a good fit for
you. The base variant of the iPhone 7 (32GB) is listed at Rs 60,000 on Amazon
and Flipkart. The phone currently shows "Coming Soon" on Flipkart even though
its available on Amazon, but remember that Flipkart is the official e-retailer
for Apple in India. Apple iPhone 7 Plus is currently unavailable across all the
three e-retailers, but is listed at Rs 72,000 (32GB) on Flipkart and is tagged
as "Coming Soon". You might have to try your luck online to get this phone.

Best offers on Samsung

If you are an Android fan and even more so a Samsung fan, you are likely upset
with the Galaxy Note 7 being axed for good. However, the Galaxy S7 and S6 are
still great offerings from the company unless you want to wait for the Galaxy S8
that is expected to launch in February.

Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge were launched earlier this year and are still the
best Android flagships. The Galaxy S7 (32GB) is available at Rs 43,400 across
all the three e-retailers, so you can choose any of them as per your liking. The
best deal on the Galaxy S7 Edge (32GB) is Rs 50,100, available on Amazon,
although Snapdeal and Flipkart have it listed at Rs 50,900 which is a slight
hike.

Just like Apple's iPhone 6, Samsung's S6 and S6 Edge are still good devices to
invest in as they will perform well. The best offer on the Galaxy S6 (32GB) is
Rs 33,700 which is available on Snapdeal, although Amazon has it at Rs 33,900.

But if you are looking for the larger S6 edge, then your best bet for the 32GB
is Snapdeal where it is priced at Rs 33,775, although Flipkart also has the
phone at Rs 34,900. The best deal on the 64GB variant will be Rs 40,499 on
Amazon, although Snapdeal also has it available for Rs 40,900. On Flipkart, the
pricing is higher at Rs 50,000.

Google Pixel devices

If you are tired of jumping between Apple and Samsung, Google's new Pixel and
Pixel XL might be something you were waiting for. Google has done away with the
'Nexus' name and the new devices are priced just as steeply as Apple and
Samsung's flagships. The phones launch in India October 13, but are already up
for pre-order on Flipkart.

Google Pixel 32GB is priced at Rs 57,000, while the 128GB variant is priced at
Rs 66,000. Google Pixel XL (32GB) will be available at Rs 67,000 and the 128GB
version will be priced at Rs 76,000. Flipkart is offering Rs 27,000 on exchange.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             307 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                              June 26, 2016 Sunday

Galaxy S7 edge vs an Intel i7-6700K processor: The results are pretty darn close

LENGTH: 337  words


In what looks to be a very dubious benchmarking result, Galaxy S7 edge takes on
the powerful Skylake Intel Core i7-6700K

Samsung's Galaxy S7 edge is outfitted with next-gen hardware such as an Exynos
8890 or Snapdragon 820 chipset (depending on which model you purchase), 4GB of
RAM, and possibly one of the best smartphone displays on the planet. No doubt
the device would tear through benchmarking tests such a Geekbench but to believe
that it could match an Intel Core i7-6700K in a raw processor computing test is
just plain ridiculous. However, leaked Geekbench results show the unthinkable
has just been achieved, but our side of the story still exists, which you might
to hear out.

Shown below in the images, there are two Geekbench results, and Galaxy S7 edge
manages to match the single-core of the desktop processor, which is quite
unbelievable, might we add. Though the quad-core processor is able to beat a
Galaxy S7 edge in a multi-core test result, it is still hard to believe that a
smartphone would possess such firepower as to overtake a desktop processor,
unless of course these results were manipulated.

Time and time again, we have seen Geekbench results changed in order to portray
results that mobile devices might never be able to achieve in order to deliver a
false impression of their overall performance.

However, another side of the story is that Samsung might be testing out a new
smartphone with a new chipset. With Galaxy S8 all set to arrive during 2017, the
handset is going to possess a Snapdragon 830 and an advanced Exynos SoC. The
firepower exhibited by both of these chipsets is currently unknown, but they
will easily surpass Snapdragon 820 and Exynos 8890 in both efficiency and raw
computing.

In fact, we might be obliged to say that they might boast sufficient firepower
to deliver the above mentioned results, but for now, we'll assume that these
scores were manipulated in order to provide false information to the user that a
smartphone can actually outperform a desktop processor.

Source

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             308 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                             March 1, 2016 Tuesday

Galaxy S7 to drop mobile carriers' logo like iPhones: sources -

LENGTH: 181 words


Samsung Electronics Co.'s latest flagship smartphone, the Galaxy S7, may come
without mobile carriers' logos inscribed on the back, industry sources said
Tuesday, reflecting the firm's efforts to improve the aesthetics of its
smartphones.

According to the sources, the Galaxy S7 to be released in South Korea will not
come with mobile carriers' logo on the back, and also will delete "Samsung" from
the front of the phone above the screen.

Samsung Electronics' spokesperson declined to clarify whether the rumors are
true in South Korea as well as possible moves to extend this practice to the
global market.

Industry sources said there has been a growing need for a "clean" Galaxy
smartphone among Samsung fans, especially since main rival Apple Inc.'s iPhones
come without the brand name inscribed on it, except for the symbolic apple on
the back.

Samsung earlier said its latest metal-and-glass encased flagship devices will be
available for sale on March 11 in 60 countries around the globe. Preorders for
the Galaxy S7 and the Galaxy S7 Edge will begin on March 4 in South Korea.
(Yonhap)

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             309 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                              July 29, 2016 Friday

Samsung reports shine from smartphone sales;
The Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge are driving gains in profit aided by early launches

BYLINE: Youkyung Lee The Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 608 words

DATELINE: SEOUL, KOREA, REPUBLIC OF


Samsung Electronics Co. reported forecast-beating earnings results Thursday that
were its best in two years as consumers snapped up its Galaxy smartphones, a
sign the company is getting its mojo back while rivals fail to deliver new
devices.

The South Korean company forecast that its performance will continue to be
"solid" during the rest of the year because demand for its lucrative components,
such as high-end displays called OLED that are used as screens for premium
smartphones, is expected to increase "substantially." It expects to spend more,
however, on mobile marketing of its upcoming large-screen smartphones, to be
announced next week, which Samsung typically uses to distract consumers from new
iPhone launches by Apple.

Samsung, the world's largest smartphone maker, said its April-to-June net income
rose 2 per cent over a year earlier to 5.85 trillion won ($6.84 billion
Canadian), compared with 5.75 trillion won ($6.74 billion a year earlier.)

That was slightly higher than forecasts, which have been revised upward in
recent months to reflect stronger-than-expected sales of the new phones.
Analysts had forecast net income of 5.79 trillion won, according to FactSet, a
financial data provider.

Sales rose 5 per cent to 50.94 trillion won ($59.6 billion), while operating
profit surged 18 per cent to 8.14 trillion won ($9.52 billion), in line with the
company's guidance earlier this month.

Samsung beat forecasts even as growth in the overall smartphone industry slowed.
Its rival Apple, the world's second-largest smartphone maker, is struggling to
boost iPhone sales and reported a 27-per-cent quarterly drop in profits.

Samsung's mobile business reported 4.32 trillion won ($3.82 billion) in
operating income during the three-month period, its best quarterly performance
since the second quarter of 2014.

Samsung estimates it shipped between 75.6 million and 78.3 million smartphones
during the quarter, nearly twice as many as Apple's 40.4 million iPhone sales.

The Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge smartphones drove the profit gain. The company
launched the latest versions of its flagship smartphones in March, several weeks
sooner than it did last year. Early launches helped Samsung report strong sales
during the first quarter and the latest results dispelled doubts it could
sustain the momentum during the second quarter, since consumers continued to
snap up new phones in the spring.

The company also reduced its mid- and low-end Galaxy models, helping to cut
costs. During the earnings conference call, Samsung's mobile business official
said the company will launch the Galaxy C series exclusively for Chinese
consumers.

The stellar performance of Samsung's mobile division is a sign that its
experiment with smartphone designs is paying off.

Samsung introduced the first of its flagship Edge smartphone series, which
features curved displays. But in 2015, it failed to capture demand because it
ran into trouble mass producing those curved displays.

The S7 Edge, with similar designs to its predecessor, saw robust demand from
consumers and this time Samsung was able to deliver the products on time. The
company said the Galaxy S7 Edge sales proportion increased.

The strength of the Galaxy S7 has boosted Samsung's own component businesses.
Sales of OLED, or organic light-emitting diode, display panels rose, helped by
healthy sales of flagship smartphones and higher demand for flexible displays
for the S7 Edge. Samsung dominates the global supply of OLED display panels for
mobile phones.

Samsung is scheduled to announce the latest iteration of its Note series, the
Galaxy Note 7, featuring a giant screen and a stylus, on Aug. 2.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                             310 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The National

                             March 8, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung Galaxy S7 available in UAE, comes with free Entertainer app

BYLINE: The National staff

LENGTH: 192  words


The National staff

The eagerly-anticipated Samsung Galaxy S7 is now available in the UAE - and
comes complete with the Galaxy Entertainer app for free.

Galaxy S7 was launched ahead of the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, and is
powered by a quad-core Snapdragon 820 processor with 4GB of RAM and comes with
32GB of storage. It also comes with a 12MP camera and boasts a 5.1-inch screen.

Du said that customers can get their hands on the device from today and will
also receive a free Galaxy Entertainer pre-loaded application with more than
1,000 buy one and get one free offers and a free 128 GB Micro SD card.

Local establishments that are part of the app include Bab Al Shams, Park Hyatt,
Emirates Towers, JW Marriot Marquis, Jumeirah Zabeel Saray, plus golf courses
including The Address Montgomerie Dubai, Arabian Ranches Golf Club and the Els
Club.

Du added that postpaid customers can have the smartphone for free at a monthly
plan subscription of Dh300, which comes bundled with 11GB monthly data and 300
flexible minutes.

The recommended retail price for the Galaxy S7 is Dh2,499, and the Galaxy S7
edge is available at Dh2,799.

business@thenational.ae

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 818


                     Copyright 2016 Abu Dhabi Media Company
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             311 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   Arab News

                             June 18, 2016 Saturday

STC introduces pink Samsung Galaxy S7

LENGTH: 324 words


SAMSUNG


Building on its partnership with Samsung, Saudi Telecom Company (STC) announced
that it has introduced, and added for the first time in the Kingdom, the pink
colored Samsung Galaxy S7 to the smartphone range available with a series of
packages tailored to customers' individual needs.


It's a move fully consistent with STC's promise to offer all that's new and most
innovative in the telecoms world to the Saudi market, STC's senior management
executive said.
Ahmed Al-Sahhaf, STC's marketing communication GM, stated: "The introduction of
the pink Galaxy S7 further strengthens STC's strategic alliance with world
renowned Samsung, a company dedicated for the innovative design and manufacture
of smart devices. The partnership ensures the very latest technologies and
services for STC customers."
Al-Sahhaf added: "The pink Galaxy S7 will be exclusively available in STC stores
across the Kingdom for two weeks for an exclusive opportunity for the market to
be the first to own this device in Saudi Arabia and enjoy it with all the
groundbreaking STC services."
By selecting the postpaid 400 plan with an 18-month contract, STC customers will
be able to get the pink Samsung S7 completely free with unlimited on-net voice
and data.
"The unique pink Galaxy S7 leads the industry with a refined design, advanced
robust camera, streamlined software functionality and unparalleled connectivity
to a galaxy of products, services, and experiences," said Feri Zekisson, head of
IT and mobile department at Samsung Electronics in Saudi Arabia.
Samsung continues to push the boundaries of hardware, software and services to
create devices that are designed to improve how consumers connect, share,
organize and get more out of life. "The company is redefining what is possible,
beyond the limits of today's technology, by introducing a constellation of
seamless mobile experiences," the company stated.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/7/9/43/146620805285.jpg



LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 9


           Copyright 2016 Arab News - Saudi Research & Publishing Co.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             312 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                            February 29, 2016 Monday

Samsung launches S7-edge

SECTION: Vol. 27 No. 60

LENGTH: 146  words


Samsung has recently launched its next Flagship product-line-the Galaxy S7,
Galaxy S7 edge and Edge Plus. The Samsung Unpacked ceremony for this launch was
held in Barcelona, Spain. All GalaxyS7 variants are enriched with really
impressive specifications and powerful features.

Samsung Galaxy S7 features; an Android v6.0 (Marshmallow Operating System) and
runs on a powerful Octa-Core processor, Snapdragon 820 / Exynos 8890, 64 bit
Chipset. It boasts a 4 GB RAM and 32/64/128 GB Internal Memory. The powerful
12.2 Mega Pixel primary camera offers BRITECELL Sensors along with an 8 MP Front
facing camera with Dual Video call.

The President of Samsung Pakistan - Mr. J. H. Lee stated; It is a delightful
occasion for Samsung, as we introduce the consumers with these ground-breaking
innovations, pioneered by Samsung's new Flag-ship Devices - the Galaxy S7 and S7
-Edge series.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                             313 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            March 16, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung Galaxy S7: What's the deal with region-locked sim cards?

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 247 words


NEW DELHI: As theand S7 edge, the new flagship smartphones of the South Korean
giant, go on sale in India, there is a warning you must be aware of:
region-locked sim cards.READ ALSO:On the Galaxy S7 edge review unit we have
received,has put a sticker saying 'Indian sim card only,' meaning that only the
smartphone should be used only with sim cards sold in India. A similar warning
can be seen on the units sold in Europe.What does this mean?Region-locking a
smartphone means that the device won't work if a sim card of another region is
inserted.

This is a way for Samsung to ensure that gray market sellers don't pick up S7
and S7 edge units from markets like Hong Kong and sell them in countries.Samsung
started this practice with the launch of Galaxy Note 3, which was launched in
2013.Is there a way to subvert this?Yes, all you need to do is to insert the sim
card of the right region and make calls using it for 5 minutes. This will remove
the region-locking of the handset. That's it.How does this stop gray market
sellers?If a gray market seller buys Samsung Galaxy S7 orfrom Europe and sells
it in India, the buyer would need a sim card of the market, which is highly
unlikely. The only way for gray market sellers to avoid this would be to open
the box and make calls from region-locked smartphone for 5 minutes. But buyers
would not be inclined to purchase a phone that has already been opened.This
would help Samsung curb gray market.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             314 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung S7 duo more than just an upgrade;
Both the S7 and S7 edge are worth buying just for the improvement in camera
capabilities

BYLINE: Sherwin Loh

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 943 words


It is easy to look at Samsung's new duo of Galaxy S7 devices as corrections to
the mistakes made with last year's Galaxy S6 phones.

The South Korean tech giant brought back the water-resistance capability, as
well as the highly favoured microSD slot for storage expansion, both of which
were removed from last year's S6.

The push for the S7 edge, which has the curved display on both sides of the
phone, as the new flagship is also noteworthy. Samsung's failure to recognise
the popularity of the curved screen led to lost sales of the S6 edge, when its
supply could not match demand.

But it would also be a mistake to think of both S7 devices as merely incremental
upgrades to the S6.

Samsung has gone out of its way to improve the camera on the S7, making both S7
devices worth upgrading just for it.

COMMON TECH SPECS   PROCESSOR: Samsung Exynos 8890 Octa core (quad-core 2.6GHz +
quad-core 1.6GHz)

OPERATING SYSTEM: Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) with TouchWiz

CAMERA: (Rear) 12 MP, f/1.7, 26mm, 1/2.6-inch sensor size, 1.4-micron pixel
size, (Front) 5MP, f/1.7, 22mm

MEMORY: 32GB, expandable microSD storage up to 200GB using SIM 2 slot

SAMSUNG GALAXY S7   PRICE: $998

DISPLAY: 5.1-inch Super Amoled, 1,440 x 2,560 pixels (577 ppi pixel density)

BATTERY: 3,000 mAh

SAMSUNG GALAXY S7 EDGE   PRICE: $1,098

DISPLAY: 5.5-inch Super Amoled, 1,440 x 2,560 pixels (534 ppi pixel density)

BATTERY: 3.600 mAh

RATINGS   DESIGN: 5/5

FEATURES: 5/5

PERFORMANCE: 5/5

VALUE FOR MONEY: 4/5

BATTERY LIFE: 4/5

OVERALL: 5/5

Instead of merely bumping up the pixel count of the S6's 16MP image sensor,
Samsung has revamped the entire camera module, and actually gone with a
lower-resolution 12MP sensor.

What Samsung has done is to adopt a larger sensor size with bigger individual
pixels on the S7 camera, which now allows each pixel to capture more light and
details.

And instead of the fast phase detection autofocus, which some smartphone firms
have moved to, Samsung has developed what it calls Dual Pixel focusing for an
even faster and more accurate focusing speed.

With phase detection, a fraction of pixels are equipped with photodiodes for
focusing. With Dual Pixel, all the pixels are used for focusing, which increases
autofocusing speed - not just for stationary objects but also moving ones, as
well as subjects in low-light conditions.

The larger pixels are great for low-light shots, whether it's shooting in a room
where the fluorescent lights are on, or in a dimly lit restaurant which usually
yields dark, grainy shots with most phone cameras.

Both front and rear cameras have an aperture size of f1.7, which further helps
with low-light situations.

Late-night shots of an evening skyline showed well-defined details of the lights
in the background, and colours in the foreground.

The same image taken on the S6 and even on Apple's iPhone 6S, coughed up stark
differences in details and colour, as well as in the areas where there are
lighting and shadows.

My only quibble was that in certain indoor conditions, where the lights are the
small LED spotlight types, the camera is sharp enough to capture the light
trails that emanate from these small lights, disrupting the overall balance of
the shot.

The camera retains all of the features found in current Samsung phones, such as
Pro mode, Selective Focus and even the Live Broadcast features introduced in
last year's Galaxy Note 5.

While the design of the S7 is different from the S6, the rear curve of the S7 is
identical to that of the oversized Note 5, and I won't be surprised if the
designs of both those phones eventually converge.

Samsung has also followed LG, Lumia and Motorola in crafting an Always-On
display, which allows users to check the phone for the time, missed calls and
e-mail notifications, without waking up the device. While this feature is not as
robust as that on the LG V10, it serves its purpose.

SAMSUNG GALAXY S7 EDGE

Aside from the larger screen and bigger battery, another difference between the
S7 edge and S7 is the edge panel display. Users can modify the placement of a
small "handle" that appears on the edge of the screen. A swipe inwards from this
handle brings up sub menus, which Samsung terms edge menus, as a window overlay,
for quick access.

Users can list 10 frequently used apps on the Apps edge menu, and 10 commonly
used short-cut keys on the Tasks edge menu. The People edge menu assigns a
unique colour to five important contacts, such that the phone will light up in
that colour if any of the five people call.

I place the handle on the right edge of the screen, and swipe it with my right
thumb to cycle through the different edge menu short cuts. Users can also craft
their own edge menu panels for calendars, weather and news.

After heavy modifications on what was initially thought of as a gimmick, the
edge display seems to have finally found its mark, even if it still does not
offer the most ground-breaking of uses.

To entice potential S7 buyers, Samsung Singapore has also rolled out a $38
concierge service that, aside from offering cheaper repairs for cracked screens,
allows owners to save $350 in 12 months' time when they upgrade to next year's
flagship model.

Another thing: Users can expect to get an upcoming feature when the Samsung Pay
mobile payment service rolls out here later this year. The service will allow
users to store their credit card credentials on their phones, and authorise
payments with their fingerprints via the phone's fingerprint sensor.

· Verdict: The Samsung S7 corrects the mistakes of last year, and includesenough
new hardware and software to make it the top Android device in the market right
now.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The hardware and software improvements in the S7 (left) and S7 edge
make them the top Android devices in the market now. Aside from the larger
screen and bigger battery, another difference between the S7 edge and S7 is the
edge panel display.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             315 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                       March 14, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Torture Tests Uncover Truth Behind Samsung Galaxy S7 & S7 Edge Being Waterproof

BYLINE: John DiPietro

LENGTH: 682  words


A gadget-warranty outfit, SquareTrade, has tested the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge
models of Samsung that have been claimed to be waterproof. The results have
revealed that if you are someone who cannot survive without phone for one single
second, then these are definitely the best options for you.

However, in case you are into something like parkour games that increase the
chance of the instrument being banged against hard surface, then probably the
latest model of iPhone is what you would want to have.

However, there is no doubt about the fact that the two models of Samsung are
much better than the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus when it comes to water resistance,
however, some permanent damage can be expected in the former as well. The
outcomes of the torture tests were revealed by the outfit on March 14, 2016. For
testing the water resistance of the four models, all of them were submerged for
half an hour in 5 feet (1.5 m) of water. The outcome revealed that after drying
up, both the Samsung models were functional, but with permanent damage to their
audio system, which was left muffled and distorted.

Meanwhile, the iPhone 6 revealed similar outcomes of the test, with similar harm
to sound system and display glass having moisture under it. However, iPhone 6s
Plus became a complete useless box in less than half an hour of being submerged.
Though rumors began last fall about the water resistance of the Apple iPhone 6s,
but the company never claimed any such feature during marketing.

Though the two Samsung models are claimed to be water resistant only up to 1
meter for half an hour on its website, but they have been given a rating of IP
68, which requires water resistance of more than 1 meter depth. As per the
information on the official launch page of the models, they should be given a
rating of IP 67.

In a report published by the Xda-Developers, "A lot of the issues with Samsung
and development can be traced back to Exynos and its lack of documentation. So,
naturally, when we heard news that the Samsung Galaxy S7 would come in a variant
with Qualcomm's Snapdragon 820 instead of Samsung's own Exynos 8890, the
developer community crossed its fingers and hoped for the best. Could this be
the first Samsung flagship in recent memory which will have good support for
AOSP based development? Could it actually be possible to remove TouchWiz
entirely from a Samsung flagship, and enjoy an AOSP experience sans all the
bloat? Could one expect to get on the latest Android version without waiting
months for Samsung to port it over to the device?"

Then, there come the carriers. US carriers have a strong history of locking down
devices, with Verizon and AT&T being the worst when it comes to bootloader
locking. So users on those carriers could very much expect to be stuck with what
came out of the box for the most part. Updates to the Android system has to be
first implemented in TouchWiz by Samsung, and then has to pass through the
carrier to reach the device, adding another step in the update deployment
process.

According to a report in Business-Standard by Arnab Dutta, "Last week, the
largest smartphone maker in the world, Samsung, launched its flagship Galaxy S7
and S7 edge for Rs 48,900 and Rs 56,900, respectively."

Other companies, too, told Business Standard they could cut the prices of their
premium smartphones by five to 10 per cent in the next few months, in response
to Samsung.

"Protection-plan specialists SquareTrade have been busy testing the durability
of Samsung's new Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge smartphones, and pitting them
against Apple's iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in its latest Breakability tests,"
according to a news report published by ZdNet.

"Samsung's new phones may hold up to an impressive amount of water, but we've
found that they still struggle to keep up with the iPhone when it comes to
screen durability," said Aileen Abaya, director of communications at
SquareTrade. "So while the S7 and S7 edge may be perfect for underwater
adventurers, those of us who are clumsy or accident-prone should still be
careful about drops and tumbles."

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             316 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Voice & Data

                                 March 10, 2016

Intel Security to help protect Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 EDGE

BYLINE: VoicenData Bureau

LENGTH: 364  words


NEW DELHI: Intel Security announced that new Samsung Galaxy S7 customers can
enjoy its mobile security solution designed to help keep them safe from a
growing number of mobile threats. Samsung Galaxy S7 and GalaxyS7 edge will come
pre-installed with McAfee VirusScan. With this collaboration, Samsung customers
will be better protected with anti-malware technology that is already helping to
provide a more secure mobile experience to more than 40 million Samsung Galaxy
users globally.

Historically, mobile malware has been something of an afterthought for
cybercriminals, with most of their efforts focused on the desktop or laptop.
However, over the past several years, there has been a dramatic increase in
sophisticated and complex new malware targeting mobile devices. According to
Intel Security's Mobile Threat Report, three million devices were affected by
malware solely through mobile app stores over the past six months. Additionally,
Intel Security found that in Q4 2015 mobile malware samples increased 24 percent
compared to Q3 2015.

"As consumers grow increasingly reliant on their mobile devices and use those
devices for sensitive transactions, increased protection against malware is
critical to better securing their data," said John Giamatteo, corporate vice
president at Intel Security. "Intel Security is combating these growing mobile
threats by collaborating with consumer brands like Samsung to help keep
customer's mobile devices more secure so they can experience the connected world
with confidence."

"Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge users can feel more comfortable in navigating the
digital world with enhanced protection by the latest anti-malware solution that
Samsung offers," said Henry Lee, vice president of Mobile Security Technologies
of Samsung Mobile. "Smartphones have become an extension of our everyday lives,
and it is important that we provide our users with a high level of protection
designed to help keep their personal data safe in their Samsung device."

McAfee VirusScan is an anti-malware system that scans apps and files on both the
device and SD Card, helping to prevent corruption from a variety of malicious
codes, from viruses to Trojans.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


            Copyright 2016 Voice & Data, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             317 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             March 14, 2016 Monday

Samsung S7 and S7 Edge will not support Quick Charging 3.0

LENGTH: 234  words


By tbreak Staff -

Qualcomm's Quick Charge technology came as a savior for charging or daily
devices, and the latest edition, Quick Charge 3.0, is debuting with some of the
latest phones. While phones like the LG G5 with a Snapdragon 820 supports Quick
Charge 3.0, Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge fans may not be so lucky.

Samsung's latest Fast Charging capabilities on its flagships S7 and S7 Edge are
maxed out at Quick Charge 2.0 speeds, which is just the same as the earlier
generation of Galaxy phones, as they are all built with the same charging specs.
The main reason behind it the fact that Samsung is using two different
processors in the Samsung S7 and S7 Edge around the world, which does not have
the same charging capacities. While the Galaxy S7 models sold in few regions
like the US come with the Snapdragon 820 which is capable of Quick Charge 3.0, a
majority of the regions run on the proprietary Exynos 8 processor, which does
not support Quick Charge 3.0. Therefore, to keep it consistent, all the phones
are kept on the same speed of Quick Charge 2.0.

However, Quick Charge 2.0 is not all that slow as compared to the Quick Charge
3.0. You can still charge a good amount to the battery within 15 minutes with
the right charger or power bank, or get even faster charging by using one of
Samsung's Fast Charge Qi wireless chargers. So, to be honest, Samsung S7 users
are not missing out on much.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             318 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Saudi Gazette

                           October 21, 2015 Wednesday

Samsung may move up Galaxy S7 launch to January, report says

LENGTH: 416  words


SAMSUNG is reportedly moving up the launch of its next flagship smartphone, the
Galaxy S7, to January in order to ramp up competition with Apple in the high-end
phone market, according to a report from CNET.

Samsung finalized the design for the Galaxy S7 by the end of September and is
currently securing the components it will need to enter production, South
Korea's Electronic Times reports, citing "many people in [smartphone] parts
industries."

Pushing forward the Galaxy S7 could give consumers the option of a new flagship
smartphone earlier in the year. It's a strategic move on the part of the South
Korean tech titan, who likely hopes the different launch window will give its
smartphone a better chance of undercutting sales of the iPhone 6S, which
launched last month. The two companies make some of the world's most popular
phones and have traditionally faced little competition beyond each other at the
top end of the smartphone market.

Samsung, however, is in a tight spot. It faces its first ever drop in annual
smartphone shipments, according to a report published by researchers TrendForce
last week and in July reported its seventh consecutive decline in profit,
although it expects to return to growth in October.

The launch of the Galaxy S6 in March failed to revive its fortunes, and as such
the company will want to give the Galaxy S7 the best possible chance of success
by putting it in consumers' hands sooner rather than later - and before they
grow impatient and buy an iPhone.

Historically Samsung has timed the launch of its top smartphones - the Galaxy S
range and the Galaxy Note series - to coincide with major global tech
conferences, such as Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, where it unveiled the
Galaxy S6 in March. But this year it bucked the trend by organizing a standalone
event in August to launch the Galaxy Note 5, eschewing its usual September spot
at the IFA trade show in Berlin.

A change in the schedule could also see a change in overall smartphone strategy
from the company, according to the Electronic Times. Rather than launch
smartphones across three price categories - high end, mid-range and low end
-Samsung will add a fourth smartphone tier, which it will call "sub premium" to
potentially cater to consumers who want a solid phone, but aren't willing to pay
top dollar for one.

Samsung did not immediately respond to a request for comment.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/511/1526/61/144543490825.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/511/1526/61/144543490825.jpg

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1526


                       Copyright 2015 The Saudi Gazette.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             319 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            August 30, 2016 Tuesday

Galaxy S7 waterproof feature saves lives '

LENGTH: 181 words


A Galaxy S7 user was able to survive a shipwreck in the Philippines thanks to
the phone's waterproof features, said South Korean tech giant Samsung
Electronics on Tuesday.

In a letter sent to the tech firm, the user, whose identity has been withheld,
was on boat heading to Sabang Beach in central Philippines for a scuba dive trip
with 10 others on July 30.

The ship overturned amid a storm and the people were stranded on the foundering
vessel for about an hour before being picked up by a nearby fishing boat,
according to the letter.

He was only able to contact authorities with his Galaxy S7, Samsung said, noting
that the battery had more than 50 percent power although in had been over 24
hours since the last charging.

According to the company, the S7 series has a IA68 rating, meaning that the
gears are fit enough to withstand dust, dirt and sand, and are resistant to
submersion up to a maximum depth of 1.5 meters for up to 30 minutes.

The combined global sales of the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge are estimated to
have reached 25 million worldwide as of the end of June. (Yonhap)

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             320 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            August 30, 2016 Tuesday

Galaxy S7 waterproof feature saves lives -

LENGTH: 181 words


A Galaxy S7 user was able to survive a shipwreck in the Philippines thanks to
the phone's waterproof features, said South Korean tech giant Samsung
Electronics Co. on Tuesday.

In a letter sent to the tech firm, the user, whose identity has been withheld,
was on boat heading to Sabang Beach in central Philippines for a scuba dive trip
with 10 others on July 30.

The ship overturned amid a storm and the people were stranded on the foundering
vessel for about an hour before being picked up by a nearby fishing boat,
according to the letter.

He was only able to contact authorities with his Galaxy S7, Samsung said, noting
that the battery had more than 50 percent power although in had been over 24
hours since the last charging.

According to the company, the S7 series has a IA68 rating, meaning that the
gears are fit enough to withstand dust, dirt and sand, and are resistant to
submersion up to a maximum depth of 1.5 meters for up to 30 minutes.

The combined global sales of the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge are estimated to
have reached 25 million worldwide as of the end of June. (Yonhap)

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             321 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                            April 28, 2016 Thursday

Samsung profits jump on early smartphone launch

LENGTH: 537 words


The decision to release its latest handsets ahead of its rivals has helped
Samsung boost first quarter profits

Cleofe Maceda, Senior Web Reporter

Dubai: After losing billions of dollars in market value last year, Samsung
Electronics reported better-than-expected earnings for the first three months of
the year, thanks largely to the early launch of its latest smartphones.

The world's largest smartphone maker reported on Thursday an operating profit of
6.68 trillion Korean won for January-March, an increase of 12 per cent. The
company's net income for the quarter hit 5.25 trillion on sales of 49.78
trillion Korean won, while its revenue jumped 5.7 per cent to 49.78 trillion.

"The first quarter saw overall earnings growth led by the early launch and
successful sales of the flagship S7 and S7 edge," the company said in a
statement.

In order to maintain its lead in the smartphone business, Samsung opted to
release its latest Galaxy S7 handsets ahead of its staunch rival Apple, which is
rumoured to unveil its next-generation iPhone in fall.

Ashish Panjabi, COO of Jacky's Retail in Dubai said Samsung's latest phones are
indeed gaining a lot of attention in the market right now, thanks to their
strong features and powerful specs.

"The Samsung S7 and S7 edge are both devices that have taken what was already an
excellent product (Galaxy S6 edge) and made it far better than their
predecessor. The improvements in particular that made the biggest difference
were big improvement in battery life, better low light photography, expandable
storage with the reintroduction of the SD card slot, a fast charge feature and
better support for VR technologies," Panjabi told Gulf News.

"Even with a slew of new launches within the Android ecosystem from brands like
HTC and LG, the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge is still far ahead in terms of
performance and sales."

"Many brands decided to focus on the distraction value of nice-to-have features
whereas Samsung's focus was on core aspects of making a good device better."

Samsung sold more than 83.4 million smartphones to end users worldwide in the
last quarter of 2015, much higher than Apple, which sold 71.5 million units, and
Huawei, with 32.1 million units, according to Gartner.

Samsung also appears to be the favourite among mobile phone users in the UAE.
During the second quarter of 2015, more than a third (32.6 per cent) of all
handsets registered on UAE networks were produced by the Korean tech giant.
Nokia came second with a share of 31.5 per cent, followed by Apple (14.2 per
cent), according to the Telecommunications Regulatory Authority (TRA).

In terms of smartphone models, however, Apple's iPhone 6 took the biggest
portion of the pie (4.9 per cent), followed by iPhone 5s and Samsung Galaxy S
Duos (2.9 per cent).

Looking ahead to the second quarter, the company said it expects to maintain
robust sales momentum and profit with the worldwide rollout of the latest
flagship models, as well as an increase in shipments of the mid-to-low-end
Galaxy A and J series.

"The company will reinforce its leadership in the premium smartphone segment on
the back of the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge, while continuing to increase volume and
improve profitability in the mid-to-low segment."

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2016 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             322 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                              July 12, 2015 Sunday

Samsung testing out Snapdragon SoC for its Galaxy S7 handset?

LENGTH: 290  words


Is Samsung patching things up with Qualcomm again?

By tbreak Staff -

After severing its partnership with Qualcomm by incorporating its own Exynos
7420 SoC in the Galaxy S6 duo instead of Snapdragon 810, Samsung is finally
looking to patch things up with the leading mobile chipset maker in the world.
According to Etnews, Samsung is said to be testing out a new Qualcomm chipset
that might eventually find its place in the company's Galaxy S7. Earlier, it was
reported that Galaxy S7 would be featuring Samsung's own custom core (just like
Qualcomm Snapdragon 820).

One of the reasons why we feel that Samsung is making an effort to mend its
relationship with Qualcomm is because the company's upcoming handset, Galaxy S6
Edge Plus will be featuring a Snapdragon 808, along with the company's Galaxy
A8, which is expected to be armed with a Snapdragon 615. As for Galaxy S7, it
cannot be confirmed this early which SoC is going to be assimilated to the
handset, but we have a strong feeling that it is going to be Snapdragon 820.

Since Snapdragon 820 has been processed on Samsung's own 14 nm FinFET process,
the South Korean tech giant will be feeling fairly confident that the chipset
will not be suffering from some of the overheating issues that Snapdragon 810 is
plagued with. Snapdragon 820 will be running its own custom Kyro cores, which
are expected to be running at a frequency of 3.0 GHz.

While the processor present inside the SoC has eight cores, it has not yet been
confirmed if all of these cores will possess the exact same frequency.
Currently, Galaxy S7 is still undergoing the testing phase so it looks like we
will find out next year (most likely Q1, 2016) which mobile chipset is running
inside the upcoming flagship smartphone.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             323 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                      February 22, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Samsung, LG to unveil next-gen flagship handsets at MWC 2016

BYLINE: Brenda McGregor

LENGTH: 231  words


At the Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2016 in Barcelona, Spain, a number of
Android-handset manufacturers -- including South Korean bigwigs Samsung and LG
-- are expected to unveil the next-generation versions of their flagship
devices.

Two of the most awaited Android-powered smartphones set to grab the spotlight at
the MWC event this year include Samsung's new Galaxy flagship handsets -- Galaxy
S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge -- and LG's newest G5 flagship smartphone.

The Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge handsets will mark a notable
improvement over their current-generation Galaxy S6 counterparts. The new
smartphones will boast a faster processor; more RAM; significantly improved
'Dual Pixel' 12-megapixel camera sensor camera; and support for microSD cards.

In addition, the new Galaxy handsets will also come with an 'Always On' display;
and very high resistance to dust and water, including submersion.

The LG G5 smartphone, meanwhile, is expected to stand out from the other
Android-powered handsets largely due to the introduction of a 'Magic Slot' which
will apparently support the plug-in of expansion devices.

Moreover, another distinguishing feature of the G5 will be a secondary rear
camera -- together with the standard lens -- capable of supporting 135 degree
wide angle photos. The G5 will also come with a low-power 'Always On' display,
to show the time and select notifications.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             324 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                           October 17, 2015 Saturday

Galaxy S7 to Carry a USB Type-C Port?

LENGTH: 230  words


Samsung has given us the excellent Galaxy S6 series and the Galaxy Note5 this
year, and rumors around its next flagship Galaxy S7 have already started
building up.

The S7 is not expected to come out before early 2016, as it is touted to get a
Snapdragon 820 chipset. The phone might also come with three different chipsets
for different markets, but what's more exciting is that the Galaxy S7 might
sport a USB Type-C port too.

The 2016 Samsung flagship is tipped to get a USB Type-C port, but the people
atSamMobile have actually used the word "confirmed", thus hinting towards the
possibility that it might be a confirmed feature and not just a rumor. Anyway,
the inclusion of a USB Type-C port into its next flagship would be an obvious
move by Samsung, especially when the industry is evolving so fast and many
flagships already carry that feature.

The USB Type-C port is very convenient to use, thanks to the reversible design,
possible USB 3.1 support, speedier connections, high-wattage power delivery, the
ability to charge a smartphone from another, faster charging time, etc.

The Galaxy S7 has also been rumored to get a ClearForce technology made by
Synaptics, and this tech will be a rival to the 3D Touch by Apple. The next
flagship might also sport a new magnesium alloy body to improve the strength to
weight ratio, which will help Samsung take the lead in the competition.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             325 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             August 7, 2016 Sunday

Samsung hints at streamlining flagship Galaxy S lineup

LENGTH: 339 words


NEW YORK -- When Samsung Electronics first launched the Galaxy S6 Edge featuring
a curved display in 2015, it caught the eyes of many thanks to its stunning,
unprecedented design.

However, Samsung fell short of gaining traction in sales as it failed to catch
up with the demand for the S7 Edge due to glitches in producing the display
curved on both sides.

Now having achieved a rather satisfactory level of production yields for the
Edge display, Samsung said it would put more focus on smartphone models with the
curved display in the future, hinting it could eventually eliminate the
flat-screen Galaxy S model down the road.

Samsung Electronics' Galaxy S7 Edge (Kim Young-won/The Investor)

"Samsung has considered that it would make the edge display as the identity of
the Galaxy S smartphone lineup if the company can provide consumers
differentiated user experience through software and user-friendly functions (for
the curved screen)," said Koh Dong-jin, the head of the tech giant's mobile
business, in a media interview in New York last week.

It takes no rocket scientist to assume the Galaxy Note 7, a curved-screen
large-size smartphone unveiled last week, will serve as a touchstone for Samsung
to decide to roll out a single model with a curved screen for future Samsung
flagships, including the Galaxy S8, which will be released next year.

Since 2015, Samsung has rolled out its flagship smartphone along with an Edge
variant -- the Galaxy S6 and S7 came with the S6 Edge and S7 Edge, respectively.

The tech giant, however, recently unveiled the Note 7 featuring the curved
display without the Edge name for the first time.

Samsung said it saw the sales of the Galaxy S7 Edge, released in February,
exceed those of its flat-screen sibling.

"Samsung will not likely get rid of the flat-screen Galaxy S smartphone model
right away, but if the market response is positive with the Note 7, it would
surely serve as a cue for Samsung to focus only on the Edge model," a market
watcher said.

By Kim Young-won / The Investor correspondent (

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             326 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

Check Out! Top 5 water resistant smartphones of 2016

LENGTH: 423  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, July 20 -- Zee Media Bureau/Rd. Alexander
 As much as the monsoon rain is a relief from summer heat, it can also play the
spoilsport for electronic gadgets, especially smartphones.


 Comes the rain and goes hiding many smartphones - into bags, water-proof
covers, etc.
 And as much one would love to go out in the rain, it's a big NO for smartphone
as they can get damage in the rain very easily.
 So, here are the latest top five smartphone that are water-proof and can be
used under the rain.
 Samsung Galaxy S7:
 The Galaxy S7 is a IP68 certified device for water resistant of up to 30
minutes in 1.5 metre of water. This means that one can submerge the device into
5 feet deep water for 30 minutes, take it out, wipe-dry it and use it without
any problem.
 The device is available for around Rs 48,999/ in the market.
 Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge:
 Like its younger version, the Galaxy S7 Edge is also IP68 certified and can be
place under 5 feet of water for 30 minutes without affecting it or the
functionalities.
 According to report, Unbox Therapy dipped the smartphone in a jar of water for
16 hours and 36 minutes. And believe it or not! It was said to be functioning
without any problem, as if it was never dipped in water.
 Only problem could be the price tag of Rs 51,500.
 Motorola Moto G4:
 The Motorola Mot G4 is not exactly water-proof - in the sense that it is not
IPX7-certified. But it comes with a dust and splash guard. What this means?
 Splash guard means that the device can be used in rain or when wet or take a
splash. But one can't exactly drop it in 5 feet deep water for 30 minutes and
use it again like the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge. No, that won't work.
 But for normal use in rain, it works perfectly fine and for just Rs 12,499/, it
makes one hell of a water-proof device.
 Motorola Moto G4 Plus:
 Like the Moto G4, the Moto G4 Plus is not IPX7-certified water-resistant device
too. But again, it comes with ith a dust and splash guard, which means that it
can withstand dust, splash and rain with no problem.
 So, as long as you are not going to dip it in 5 feet deep water for 30 minutes
but just use it in the monsoon rain, this is a great device at just Rs 13,499.
 Sony Xperia X:
 Sony Xperia X is one of the latest device to join the brigade of
water-proof/resitant devices. Rated IP65/68, one can leave it under 1 metre deep
water for about 30 minutes and it would function as if nothing happened.
 This feature makes it a perfect device for monsoon. However, the price tag of
Rs 48,990 could stand in its way.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             327 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

Check Out! Top 5 water resistant smartphones of 2016

LENGTH: 423  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, July 20 -- Zee Media Bureau/Rd. Alexander
 As much as the monsoon rain is a relief from summer heat, it can also play the
spoilsport for electronic gadgets, especially smartphones.


 Comes the rain and goes hiding many smartphones - into bags, water-proof
covers, etc.
 And as much one would love to go out in the rain, it's a big NO for smartphone
as they can get damage in the rain very easily.
 So, here are the latest top five smartphone that are water-proof and can be
used under the rain.
 Samsung Galaxy S7:
 The Galaxy S7 is a IP68 certified device for water resistant of up to 30
minutes in 1.5 metre of water. This means that one can submerge the device into
5 feet deep water for 30 minutes, take it out, wipe-dry it and use it without
any problem.
 The device is available for around Rs 48,999/ in the market.
 Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge:
 Like its younger version, the Galaxy S7 Edge is also IP68 certified and can be
place under 5 feet of water for 30 minutes without affecting it or the
functionalities.
 According to report, Unbox Therapy dipped the smartphone in a jar of water for
16 hours and 36 minutes. And believe it or not! It was said to be functioning
without any problem, as if it was never dipped in water.
 Only problem could be the price tag of Rs 51,500.
 Motorola Moto G4:
 The Motorola Mot G4 is not exactly water-proof - in the sense that it is not
IPX7-certified. But it comes with a dust and splash guard. What this means?
 Splash guard means that the device can be used in rain or when wet or take a
splash. But one can't exactly drop it in 5 feet deep water for 30 minutes and
use it again like the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge. No, that won't work.
 But for normal use in rain, it works perfectly fine and for just Rs 12,499/, it
makes one hell of a water-proof device.
 Motorola Moto G4 Plus:
 Like the Moto G4, the Moto G4 Plus is not IPX7-certified water-resistant device
too. But again, it comes with ith a dust and splash guard, which means that it
can withstand dust, splash and rain with no problem.
 So, as long as you are not going to dip it in 5 feet deep water for 30 minutes
but just use it in the monsoon rain, this is a great device at just Rs 13,499.
 Sony Xperia X:
 Sony Xperia X is one of the latest device to join the brigade of
water-proof/resitant devices. Rated IP65/68, one can leave it under 1 metre deep
water for about 30 minutes and it would function as if nothing happened.
 This feature makes it a perfect device for monsoon. However, the price tag of
Rs 48,990 could stand in its way.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             328 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                     February 23, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Samsung's New Flagships, Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge

BYLINE: Lila Ray

LENGTH: 825  words


No reinvention, but a refinement of what were stunning phones to begin with

For the most part it looks like LG has outshone Samsung at MWC, or the Mobile
World Congress, on right now in Barcelona, Spain. And at this point, Samsung
can't really afford to be out-shined by anyone in the mobile world, least of all
its old rival, LG.

At the MWC, Samsung unveiled its pair of flagships for 2016, the Galaxy S7 and
S7 and S7 Edge. And the big difference between the S7 and its predecessor? Er...
Very little. OK, not quite: the camera is even better now. But overall, it's
incremental, so you might wonder if the (likely Rs 50-55k) price will be worth
it.

The S6 and S6 Edge were -- or rather, are -- fabulous phones and still so
powerful and feature-rich that it's probably not many who will jump to upgrade
to the next in the series when the changes are evolutionary rather than
revolutionary.

In fact, the current (or old, if you like) Samsung Galaxy S6, for Rs 36,500, is
among the best phones out there today across all price categories. It's got
everything you'd want in a phone: nice design, great construction (all-glass
back), great camera, fast charge, and wireless charging.

Now LG went and got itself a revolutionary feel because it's put in modules into
its G5 smartphone. The idea wasn't theirs, but they seem to have brought it to
market.

But none of this means Samsung's new S7 and S7 Edge are not fabulous phones.
Last year, Samsung redesigned how its flagships look and the world went from
complaining about cheap plastic to being completely wowed by the glass and metal
look of the S6 and its Edge variant. That overall look is retained in the S7 and
many may say there's not much you can do to improve it.

But what else do the new S7s have? Well, all the components have been topped up.
The 5.1-inch S7 has Qualcomm MSM8996 Snapdragon 820/Exynos 8890 Octa processor,
Adreno 530 graphics, 1440 x 2560 pixels (~577 ppi pixel density) AMOLED screen,
4GB RAM and 32GB storage. There's a 3,000mAh non-removable battery, fast-charge,
wireless charging, and the micro-SD card slot has made a return.

The 5.5-inch S7 Edge has, of course, the curved sides and even a curve on the
back, making it very comfortable to hold and use even with one hand. The Edge
has a 3,600mAh battery.

Both new phones have an always-on display, which looks like it's going to be a
standard this year for phones. The screen doesn't completely go to sleep but
lets you see clock and notifications all the time. Both are now IP68 rated water
resistant.

The S7 is a bit smaller than the S6 was, but a bit thicker and heavier at 152g.

The rear camera lens sits more flush than it did on the S6.

Oh, What A Camera

Both the S7s now have a 12MP camera and while that may sound like less
resolution than the S6's 16MP, the optics have changed a lot, with a new lens
and sensor. Focusing is much faster, so you can grab that shot before the moment
is gone, and there's something they call a dual-pixel system and an f1.7
aperture allowing more light and better shots in low light conditions -- which
is mostly anytime you're indoors.

That f1.7 aperture lens is spectacular. And the sensor resolution is "down" from
16 to 12 MP to accommodate the bigger 1.4I1/4m pixels of the new Sony sensor
that captures way more light--95% more light than the sensor in the Galaxy S6.

One of the most interesting things about the new Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge is a lens
attachment, Lens Cover, not unlike the Olo Lens that fits the iPhone. It's made
specifically to work with the new flagships.

The Lens Cover is a biggish accessory, which will come on top of the main
camera. You obviously can't keep it there all the time, so it'll be something
you pull out when you need it or when you decide you want to settle down to some
serious phone photography. It'll stick out a bit and make the phone look like a
camera, so that's another reason you can't just leave it there.

The additional capability the Lens Cover will bring is a telephoto lens and a
fish-eye lens. The two lenses are swappable in the same snap-on cup. And you're
ready for creative photography.

The S7 Edge is 5.5" (vs the S7 at 5.1"). Both get the microSD slot back, but
without Android Marshmallow's support for treating microSD like internal
storage.

In fact, clip-on (or clamp-on) lenses do exist from third party companies such
as PhotoJojo but these have tended to be smaller than the new Lens Cover and are
not optimized for the optics of any particular phone. While these are
interesting, they do have a bit of nuisance value to them as you now have to
figure out how to carry the paraphernalia along and so they don't work out for
everyday photos. Plus, if you have to carry stuff around, why not just carry an
all-round capable camera then?

What these accessories will cost when they arrive in India is anybody's guess.

Lila Ray is a corporate consultant who likes her gadgets almost more than her
shoes. Write to her at raylila@outlook.com

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             329 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           February 6, 2016 Saturday

SAMSUNG KILLS GALAXY S7 EDGE+ AMID FANS BACKLASH

BYLINE: Ali Ahmed

SECTION: Vol. 52 No. 37

LENGTH: 249  words


The technology giant Samsung has cancelled its plans to launch Samsung Galaxy S7
Edge+ handset for UK. The decision came amid backlash from the loyal Note fans.

However, it remained unclear whether the South Korean mobile maker, is pulling
out the handset from other markets as well. The move by Samsung indicates that
the UK users will only see a Note 6 in the coming months, but not its
large-screen companion with an edge display.

According to Forbes, Samsung has been facing dual problems, firstly, the furious
backlash against the S6 Edge+ by the Note 5 fans, which has enjoyed a
significant following among users globally, but was soon replaced by S6 Edge
entry into the market.

Secondly, it's possible that the sales of S6 Edge+ didn't meet the expectations
Samsung was hoping.

According to Tech Radar, Samsung's plan to pull the S7 Edge +out could just be
to differentiate the position of the smaller handset a little, maybe, making it
bigger than the S7 and smaller than the Note 6.

"Samsung isn't going to launch the S7 Edge+ in the UK," said its source. "I got
the impression that it had been a bit of a disappointment sales-wise and that
the decision to keep the Note 5 out of Europe is now considered a mistake. So
our information is that the Note 6 will launch in the UK in August and that
there will be no S7 Edge+."

However, the only thing known for certain is the Samsung Galaxy S7 and the S7
Edge will be launched at Mobile World Congress 2016 on February 21, and go on
sale soon after.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                             330 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Legal News Line

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Woman alleges Galaxy S7's water-resistant claims are false after toilet drop
causes phone to malfunction

BYLINE: Tara Mapes

LENGTH: 545 words


LOS ANGELES (Legal Newsline) - A California woman is suing Samsung,
allegingfraud, false advertising and unjust enrichment for selling a
water-resistantphone she claims didn't resist water at all.

Dulce Alondra Velasquez-Reyes of Ontario, California, filed a class
actioncomplaint on behalf of herself and others similarly situated Sept. 12 in
the U.S. DistrictCourt for the Central District of California against Samsung
ElectronicsAmerica Inc. She alleges the manufacturer deceived consumers through
falserepresentations that the Samsung Galaxy S7 is water resistant.

According to the complaint, on May 1 Velasquez-Reyes purchased the SamsungGalaxy
S7 cell phone after she was influenced by Samsung's advertisement thatthe phone
was water resistant.

On July 20, Velasquez-Reyes accidentally dropped her phone into atoilet and
dried it off. When she turned the phone back on, the complaintalleges it
malfunctioned and stopped operating.

Valesquez-Reyes contends that when she contacted Samsung, the company refused to
replace orrefund the damaged phone.

Daniel Girard, attorney for the plaintiff, told Legal Newsline after the phone
stoppedworking his client, "contacted Samsung and her carrier personally [and]
thereason Samsung gave for not replacing or repairing her unit was that it had
water-damage."

Samsung advertises on its website that the Galaxy S7 will "repelspills, splashes
and dunks without a bulky protective case" and is "waterresistant up to 5 feet
of water for up to 30 minutes; rinse residue/dry afterwet."

The complaint describes how Samsung advertises the Galaxy S7 via televisionand
online videos showing users snorkeling, surfing and kayaking with theGalaxy S7
phone, as well as showing users dumping champagne on the phone, spraying itwith
a water hose and dunking it in a fish tank.

The complaint alleges Samsungwas deceptive in its advertising and that it was
aware the claims of the phonebeing water resistant were false.

"Samsung's website represents thatthe S7 Phone is water resistant. The website
includes a video showing an S7Phone emerging from a pool of water and remaining
operational. Samsung's websitealso states 'Because water happens' and 'Feel free
to get your phone wet,'" thecomplaint states.

Velasquez-Reyes says Samsung'srepresentations of water resistance materially
influenced her choice topurchase the Galaxy S7, and she would not have made the
purchase absentSamsung's representations that the device was water resistant.

Girard said Samsungdid not provide his client a reason why it advertises the
phone as water resistant,but told Legal Newsline, "Water-resistanceis an
advantage in a competitive market."

Velasquez-Reyes alleges in thecomplaint Samsung provided the same response to
other consumers who faced thesame issue. Girard said, "We obtained this
information through ourinvestigation," but said he does not know how many other
consumers wereaffected.

Velasquez-Reyes alleges because of Samsung's false advertising and refusalto
refund or repair her phone, she suffered monetary damages from paying for
apremium product. She is seeking class certification, trial by jury,
monetaryrelief, injunctive and declaratory relief, interest, attorney fees and
courtcosts.

Samsung did not respond to LegalNewsline's request for comment.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 LegalNewsLine.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             331 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Legal News Line

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Woman alleges Galaxy S7's water-resistant claims are false after toilet drop
causes phone to malfunction

BYLINE: Tara Mapes

LENGTH: 545 words


LOS ANGELES (Legal Newsline) - A California woman is suing Samsung,
allegingfraud, false advertising and unjust enrichment for selling a
water-resistantphone she claims didn't resist water at all.

Dulce Alondra Velasquez-Reyes of Ontario, California, filed a class
actioncomplaint on behalf of herself and others similarly situated Sept. 12 in
the U.S. DistrictCourt for the Central District of California against Samsung
ElectronicsAmerica Inc. She alleges the manufacturer deceived consumers through
falserepresentations that the Samsung Galaxy S7 is water resistant.

According to the complaint, on May 1 Velasquez-Reyes purchased the SamsungGalaxy
S7 cell phone after she was influenced by Samsung's advertisement thatthe phone
was water resistant.

On July 20, Velasquez-Reyes accidentally dropped her phone into atoilet and
dried it off. When she turned the phone back on, the complaintalleges it
malfunctioned and stopped operating.

Valesquez-Reyes contends that when she contacted Samsung, the company refused to
replace orrefund the damaged phone.

Daniel Girard, attorney for the plaintiff, told Legal Newsline after the phone
stoppedworking his client, "contacted Samsung and her carrier personally [and]
thereason Samsung gave for not replacing or repairing her unit was that it had
water-damage."

Samsung advertises on its website that the Galaxy S7 will "repelspills, splashes
and dunks without a bulky protective case" and is "waterresistant up to 5 feet
of water for up to 30 minutes; rinse residue/dry afterwet."

The complaint describes how Samsung advertises the Galaxy S7 via televisionand
online videos showing users snorkeling, surfing and kayaking with theGalaxy S7
phone, as well as showing users dumping champagne on the phone, spraying itwith
a water hose and dunking it in a fish tank.

The complaint alleges Samsungwas deceptive in its advertising and that it was
aware the claims of the phonebeing water resistant were false.

"Samsung's website represents thatthe S7 Phone is water resistant. The website
includes a video showing an S7Phone emerging from a pool of water and remaining
operational. Samsung's websitealso states 'Because water happens' and 'Feel free
to get your phone wet,'" thecomplaint states.

Velasquez-Reyes says Samsung'srepresentations of water resistance materially
influenced her choice topurchase the Galaxy S7, and she would not have made the
purchase absentSamsung's representations that the device was water resistant.

Girard said Samsungdid not provide his client a reason why it advertises the
phone as water resistant,but told Legal Newsline, "Water-resistanceis an
advantage in a competitive market."

Velasquez-Reyes alleges in thecomplaint Samsung provided the same response to
other consumers who faced thesame issue. Girard said, "We obtained this
information through ourinvestigation," but said he does not know how many other
consumers wereaffected.

Velasquez-Reyes alleges because of Samsung's false advertising and refusalto
refund or repair her phone, she suffered monetary damages from paying for
apremium product. She is seeking class certification, trial by jury,
monetaryrelief, injunctive and declaratory relief, interest, attorney fees and
courtcosts.

Samsung did not respond to LegalNewsline's request for comment.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 LegalNewsLine.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             332 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            February 22, 2016 Monday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Samsung unveils flagship phones;
Company restores some useful features, keeps other details

BYLINE: Ed Baig

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 442 words


For weeks the speculation surrounding Samsung was that the South Korean
electronics giant would trot out Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge smartphones just
as the Mobile World Congress tech confab was about to begin. Samsung delivered
right on cue Sunday.

If there was any mystery left, it was in what these fresh flagships would look
like and feature, and what other  devices might Samsung reveal?

The answer to this last question is a spherical 360 camera called Gear 360. The
camera would appear to nicely complement Samsung's push into virtual reality,
which began in earnest last year with the release of Samsung's  Gear VR headset.

But first, here's a look at what the new Samsung phones have to offer, with the
great big caveat that I haven't had a chance to test them out yet.

Some perspective.  I was a fan of last year's high-profile Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge
models, judging them the finest-looking smartphones that Samsung ever
introduced. Still, some notable features went missing. Those Samsung phones,
unlike predecessor models, weren't water resistant. The onboard memory could not
be expanded. You couldn't swap out the battery.

With the S7 and S7 Edge, Samsung restored two of the three missing features,
while sticking with metal and high-quality glass, and for the most part sticking
reasonably close to last year's design. The S7 retains the 5.1-inch screen size
of the S6. The S7 Edge though comes in at 5.5-inches, the same display size as
on the iPhone 6s Plus, though Samsung is all too pleased to point out that its
phone has a smaller footprint than Apple's.

Both new Samsung phones have curved backs; the S7 with a flat front, the S7 Edge
a curved front. The new devices bring back water resistance, meaning they ought
to survive should you clumsily drop them in a puddle or toilet. Moreover, unlike
earlier water-resistant Galaxy devices there are no awkward caps covering ports
to contend with as you attempt to keep the innards dry.

Both new phones come with 32GB of internal storage, but now there's a microSD
slot for an optional memory card, which sits hidden away on a tray it shares
with the SIM card holder.

The battery is still not removable, but the new phones do boast bigger-capacity
batteries that, in theory, will last longer -- we'll have to see. Samsung is
also promising a very fast wireless charging experience if you have a compatible
charger, a feature advantage over the iPhone.

Samsung starts taking preorders on the new phones Tuesday; in the U.S. they'll
be available, in multiple colors, starting on March 11. Pricing has not been
announced.

I look forward to reviewing the new 360 camera and will tell you what I think.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             333 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung starts refund process for Galaxy Note7 owners in the Middle East

LENGTH: 189  words


You can either get a full refund on your Note7 or exchange it with a Galaxy S7
edge

Samsung has begun the refund process for Samsung Galaxy Note7 across the Middle
East. Owners of the Note7 can either exchange their device with a Galaxy S7 edge
or receive a full refund. If you want to change the Note7 with a Galaxy S7,
Samsung will issue you a refund of AED 650 through cash or gift vouchers from
many of the Samsung branded stores across UAE, Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar and Oman.

If you prefer to get a full refund, you will need the original receipt and take
the phone back to where you originally purchased it from. If you don't have a
receipt, you will need to call Samsung at one of the following numbers:

UAE: 800-Samsung (800-7267864)

Qatar: 800-2255

Kuwait: 183-2255

Bahrain: 8000-4726

Oman: 800-Samsung (800-7267864)

Our recommendation is to get a full refund on your Note7. Samsung is charging
you the retail price for the S7 edge, however prices are much lower if you
purchase the phone online. For example, souq.com is selling the Galaxy S7 edge
Duos version for AED 1899 which is lower than what Samsung is selling it to you
for.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             334 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            National Herald Tribune

                            April 23, 2016 Saturday

Free gifts for customers who booked Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge devices

LENGTH: 245  words


Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., announced today that Samsung has delivered Free
'Gear VR' gifts for all the customers who had pre-booked the 'Galaxy S7' and
'Galaxy S7 Edge' smartphones in Pakistan. These Gear VR gifts have been
delivered as part of a recent promotional offer.

The President of Samsung Pakistan - Mr. J.H. Lee stated that: "We are delighted
to deliver the revolutionary new Gear VR devices - Free of Cost, to the
customers who had prebooked and received their S7 and S7 Edge devices recently.
The Gear VR is a revolutionary device which will enrich the smartphone
experience for these customers.

It is designed to bring the Virtual Reality experience to the common consumers.
It totally redefines what your smartphone can do. Put on the Gear VR and you're
there in the moment. You can relive your most cherished memories in a Virtual
Reality environment, created through a Super AMOLED display. It provides a wider
96? Field of View, precise head-tracking and low-latency."

The Samsung Gear VR device connects with your Galaxy smartphone, to deliver a
vast range of fascinating content like; the latest movies, thrilling games,
personal video or images and much more. The big screen is all yours. There are
no bad seats at this theater. Pick and choose whatever you want from a vast
selection of content.

The Gear VR enriches your life with great adventures, through an everexpanding
vault of games whether it's battling the undead or riding a flying carpet.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 National Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             335 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            February 22, 2016 Monday
                                 Delhi Edition

Samsung Announces 2 new Flagship Devices

BYLINE: Karan.Bajaj@timesgroup.com

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 300 words


Samsung held its unpacked event one day prior to MWC (Mobile World Congress)
2016 to announce its new flagship devices. The two new devices, Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 Edge, improve upon their predecessor with new hardware and software
features.

The company has focused on major complains that users had with last year's
flagships -S6, S6 Edge, S6 Edge plus and Note 5. Both the S7 and S7 Edge feature
expandable storage (up to 200GB cards supported, Hybrid SIM slot), larger
batteries and IP68 certification for dust and water resistance.

The other major change is the primary camera. Both phones feature a dual pixel
12MP sensor with a f1.7 apertures and 100% phase detection focus \xAD best
camera specifications on a smartphone.

Common hardware on both devices include an octa core/quad processor (Market
dependent), 4GB RAM and 32GB internal storage. Both phones feature super amoled
display with a resolution of 2560 x 1440 pixels, fast charging support, wireless
charging and fingerprint scanner. While the Galaxy S7 comes with a 5.1-inch size
screen and a 3,000mAh battery, the S7 Edge has a 5.5-inch screen with a 3,600mAh
battery.

Samsung has also focused heavily on new user interface features. The phones come
with an Always on display feature using which you can have time, calendar or
other things visible on the screen always. A dedicated Game launcher is
preloaded which sorts our installed games, helps suggest similar games and shows
video trailers of the game.

No price and availability dates were announced. However, India will be amongst
the first countries to get the phone with an India launch expected next month
(March 2016). We expect the Galaxy S7 to be priced at ' . 50,000 approx and the
S7 Edge at ' . 60,000 approx.

(The author was sponsored by Samsung India to Barcelona, Spain)

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             336 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                     November 19, 2015 Thursday 8:59 PM GMT

Samsung Galaxy S7 could excel at low-light photography

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 178 words


Samsung has shown off a new camera sensor that could perform even better in low
light conditions and may reduce the size of the rear camera bump.

Samsung has unveiled new camera technology, which is likely to feature in its
upcoming Galaxy S7.

The new camera sensor uses an RWB filter, which should produce better results in
low light conditions. Samsung has been able to reduce the size of this filter,
which could in turn mean that the S7's camera won't protrude as much as it does
on the Galaxy S6.

Samsung showed off the new camera sensor at the Electronics' Investors Forum.
Testing at the forum was done with a 16 megapixel sensor camera, but it's
unclear if this will make it to the final product.

The smartphone manufacturer has also reportedly been testing a 20 megapixel
camera sensor.

There has been plenty of speculation that Samsung is moving up the release date
of the Galaxy S7. As a result, we could see the new handset and its new camera
sensor early in February.

Alternatively, Samsung may hold off unveiling the Galaxy S7 until MWC at the end
of the month.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2015 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             337 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            August 3, 2016 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

Samsung building on momentum with new products

BYLINE: Hayley Tsukayama

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 459 words


Samsung on Tuesday unveiled the Galaxy Note 7, the latest of its large-screen
phones. This 5.7-inch, stylus-toting smartphone boasts a bevy of new features,
including advanced security through iris scanning, a whole lot of storage and an
edge-to-edge display that Samsung promises will blow users away.

The Note 7 is aimed squarely at power users who want their smartphones to be the
ultimate productivity machine. The most notable difference between the Note 7
and Samsung's other premium phones is the 64 gigabytes of storage, which is
double the standard on the Galaxy S7. With an SD card, the Note 7 has up to 256
GB of storage.

With a 5.7-inch display, the Note 7 is  larger than Apple's biggest phone, the
5.5-inch iPhone 6s Plus. The Note 7 also has the same processor and camera
sensors as the S7 and S7 Edge.

As for the battery, the Note 7 will hold more of a charge than the Galaxy S7. It
does, however, have the same quick-charging capabilities that have been so
popular in the Galaxy line. The Note 7 also stands apart because it charges not
with the standard micro-USB cable but with a USB-C cable. The USB-C cable is
reversible, meaning that it doesn't matter which side you plug it into.

Another feature that hasn't been in the Note's previous models is its waterproof
design. Like the Galaxy S line, it will survive a short dip in liquid without
completely frying the phone.

The Note 7 also stands out on the security front. Samsung boasts that the Note 7
has an iris scanner in addition to a fingerprint scanner, so that users have yet
another option to secure their phones. The Note 7 is compatible with Samsung's
Knox security feature and also gives users the option to secure files in a
"Secure Folder" to which they can add another layer of authentication.

The Note 7 was the main draw at Samsung's unveiling event, but it wasn't the
only one. Samsung also showed off a new version of its Gear VR headset, which
has been redesigned to be lighter and better-looking overall. Samsung has made a
strong investment in virtual reality and 360-video, which the company believes
are the future of social media.   Preorders will start Wednesday; the headset is
still $100.

The new devices come at a time when Samsung is riding high from the success of
the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge. The company reported last week that its mobile
unit accounted for half of its overall profit and revenue. Sales of the devices
far exceeded expectations for Samsung, largely thanks to its ability to sell
premium devices to a consumer market that's lost some interest in buying
high-end, flashy phones.

The Note 7 goes on sale Aug. 19. Preorders will begin Wednesday in the United
States. Samsung hasn't released pricing information.

hayley.tsukayama@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             338 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                             March 11, 2016 Friday

Samsung's Galaxy S7 smartphones set sail in S. Korea '

LENGTH: 443 words


Samsung Electronics Co., South Korea's tech powerhouse, on Friday started
shipment of its latest high-end smartphones -- Galaxy S7 and its offbeat sister
Galaxy S7 Edge -- on its home turf on the hope that they will help revitalize
its mobile business.

The two high-end smartphone models, first showcased at a trade fair in Spain
last month, come with improved batteries and are water and dust resistant. The
company also brought back the micro SD card slot that had disappeared in the
Galaxy S6 series.

The world's top smartphone maker said the local price of the 32 gigabyte (GB)
Galaxy S7 will be 836,000 won (US$690), compared to the initial price of 858,000
won for the 32GB Galaxy S6.

That of the 32GB Galaxy S7 Edge stands at 924,000 won, also down 5.6 percent
from its predecessor.

Local consumers can pay between 500,000 won and 700,000 won for the phones
depending on pay plans offered by the country's telecom operators.

Samsung adopted what it calls a "dual pixel sensor" for the cameras of the two
models for the first time in the industry, which enhances the quality of photos
to the level of high-end cameras.

Samsung Electronics expects the smartphones to lend support in promoting its
mobile payment platform, Samsung Pay, saying users can use more ATM machines
locally to withdraw money.

The mobile platform supports magnetic secure transmission technology that works
on traditional credit card machines. Like rivals Apple Pay and Android Pay, it
also supports near field communication technology that requires a separate
transaction device.

Samsung Pay, also operating in South Korea, is expected to reach China this
month, eventually expanding to seven countries in 2016, including Australia,
Brazil, Singapore and Britain.

Amid the slowing global smartphone market coupled with the soaring demand for
budget handsets locally and globally, the new Galaxy smartphones are expected to
play a decisive role in revitalizing sales.

Samsung's IT and mobile business, which is in charge of smartphones, posted an
operating profit of 2.23 trillion won in the fourth quarter, up from 1.96
trillion won a year earlier. But the sector's operating profit continued to
remain well below the 6.43 trillion won posted in the first quarter of 2014.

On Thursday, Koh Dong-jin, head of Samsung's mobile division, painted a rosy
picture about the newest flagship smartphones, expecting their sales to exceed
those of their predecessor.

"It is fairly great," said Koh Dong-jin, head of Samsung's mobile division,
during the Galaxy S7 showcase event held in Seoul. "The figures for preorders
are higher than expected, and I am strongly positive (about the sales)."
(Yonhap)

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             339 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      February 21, 2016 Sunday 6:01 PM GMT

Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge waterproof flagship smartphones launched at MWC;
South Korean mobile giant unveils new top-end Android phones with fan favourite
microSD card slot, super-fast cameras and larger batteries

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 553 words


Samsung has unveiled its latest Galaxy S7 flagship smartphones, bringing back
favourite features as it aims to close out the top-end of the Android market.

The new Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge Android smartphones, unveiled in Barcelona
at Mobile World Congress, build on the design of last year's popular S6 versions
but add IP68 waterproofing and a microSD card slot - two features the Korean
company had become known for until 2015.

The Galaxy S7 has a flat 5.1in screen but a curved glass back, adding to the
ergonomics. The larger Galaxy S7 Edge has a 5.5in screen that is curved at the
left and right-hand edges and has minimal bezels either side of the screen
making it one of the most narrow phablets available.

They both run the latest version of Android 6.0 Marshmallow, have 4GB of Ram for
improved multitasking and 30% more powerful processors with "thermal spreader"
water-cooling technology to avoid the phones overheating.

Both smartphones also have significantly larger batteries, which promise to
avoid the need to constantly be in search of a power point. The company has also
put in tools to help save battery power while gaming, that also allow users to
capture footage of their gaming sessions similar to the way console gamers can.

Samsung is also pushing an always-on display setting that uses the screen's
AMOLED display to light a minimal graphic showing the time, date or other
user-configurable information. The company claims the feature will consume less
than 1% battery per hour.

The phones also have a new, slimmer 12-megapixel camera designed with low-light
photography in mind. It uses larger 1.4um pixels and a lens with an f-stop of
1.7 to let 25% more light into the sensor, as well as a very fast autofocus
system, to help prevent grainy or blurred photos.

Samsung, the world's largest smartphone manufacturer, is locked in a battle over
the floating votes of smartphone buyers with Apple in most developed markets.

The company is betting on battery, waterproofing and camera enhancements to
entice buyers, while attempting to expand the larger ecosystem around the
smartphone.

Rory O'Neill, head of brand and product marketing for Samsung said: "The UK
smartphone market has matured. Those under 25 now choose a smartphone with
emphasis on its interaction with other services and devices. We have to do more
than just produce a smartphone, we have to redefine what a phone can do."

Part of that push will be Samsung's Internet of Things system called
SmartThings, plus connections to the company's televisions, home audio systems,
cameras and its virtual reality headset made in partnership with Facebook's
Oculus Rift.

Samsung also said it intended to bring its mobile phone contactless payments
system currently available in the US and South Korea, Samsung Pay, to six more
markets in 2016, including the UK, Spain, Australia, Brazil, China and
Singapore.

Samsung also launched a 360-degree camera, the Gear 360, which resembles a small
ball only slightly bigger than a golf ball. It has two 180-degree fish-eye
lenses, can be remotely controlled by a Samsung phone and can stream video or
30-megapixel photos in real time.


     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 review: the iPhone killer
     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge review: curves for pleasure, not function
     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+ review: the curvy 'iPhone 6 Plus killer'


LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             340 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             April 10, 2016 Sunday

Samsung Galaxy sales up 30% in U.S.

LENGTH: 310 words


Samsung Electronics' flagship Galaxy S7 is off to a promising start, with its
sales in the U.S., the home turf of its archrival Apple's iPhone, soaring 30
percent in the first month of sales from a year ago.

According to a survey by analyst firm Counterpoint Research, the Galaxy S7 and
its Edge variant have sold more than 10 million units over the past month since
their global launch on March 11.

Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge

The figure is up 25 percent from that of predecessor Galaxy S6 last year, found
the survey based on sales data collected from 40 countries.

The U.S. is seeing up to 30 percent higher sales than last year, while sales in
Western Europe and China are up 20 percent and 10 percent, respectively.

Korea, the largest market for Galaxy phones, is the only market that has seen a
flat growth possibly to the relatively strong sales of the Galaxy S6 last year.

Counterpoint pointed out that launching the devices a month earlier than usual
was a great strategy for Samsung while rivals like Apple and other rivals were
between devices.

"Last year, demand for the Galaxy S6 Edge model was high, but because of supply
constraints, Samsung lost the window of opportunity. However, this year the
sales mix is almost 47 percent Edge vs. 53 percent flat models, thanks to a
better supply situation for the popular curved edge display model," said James
Yan, research director in China for Counterpoint.

"However, we believe the S7 series will still face an uphill task in China as it
will compete against numerous Android flagships with a similar dual edge display
such as Vivo's Xplay5 Elite and new flagships from Huawei -- the Ascend P9 and
Mate 8 models."

The firm estimated the S7 series should sell considerably better than the S6 and
S5, but probably on par with the best-selling 2014 model S4 that sold more than
70 million units globally.

By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             341 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday
                               Ahmedabad Edition

Samsung's Galaxy S7 to cost Rs 48,900

BYLINE: Pankaj.Doval@timesgroup.com

SECTION: TIMES BUSINESS

LENGTH: 151 words


Samsung on Tuesday launched its flagship Galaxy S7 smartphone in India at a time
when rival Apple is giving steep competition in the top-end segment.

The new devices, priced at Rs 48,900 (for S7) and Rs 56,900 (S7 Edge), are a
step-up from the previous generation devices as they come with an option of
expandable memory , dual SIM slot, waterproof casing, and a special services
package for buyers.

The Galaxy S7 features a 5.1-inch display and a 3,000mAh battery , while the S7
Edge has a 5.5-inch display and a 3,600 mAh battery . Manu Sharma, director for
the company's mobile business, said Samsung expects to gain market share in the
premium segment with the launch of new devices.

However, analysts said demand in the premium segment is currently not very
buoyant. "This is not a very favourable time for premium products as buyers are
not very enthusiastic," Faisal Kawoosa from Cyber Media Research said.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             342 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday
                                  Pune Edition

Samsung's Galaxy S7 to cost Rs 48,900

BYLINE: Pankaj.Doval@timesgroup.com

SECTION: TIMES BUSINESS

LENGTH: 151 words


Samsung on Tuesday launched its flagship Galaxy S7 smartphone in India at a time
when rival Apple is giving steep competition in the top-end segment.

The new devices, priced at Rs 48,900 (for S7) and Rs 56,900 (S7 Edge), are a
step-up from the previous generation devices as they come with an option of
expandable memory , dual SIM slot, waterproof casing, and a special services
package for buyers.

The Galaxy S7 features a 5.1-inch display and a 3,000mAh battery , while the S7
Edge has a 5.5-inch display and a 3,600 mAh battery . Manu Sharma, director for
the company's mobile business, said Samsung expects to gain market share in the
premium segment with the launch of new devices.

However, analysts said demand in the premium segment is currently not very
buoyant. "This is not a very favourable time for premium products as buyers are
not very enthusiastic," Faisal Kawoosa from Cyber Media Research said.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             343 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday
                                Lucknow Edition

Samsung's Galaxy S7 to cost Rs 48,900

BYLINE: Pankaj.Doval@timesgroup.com

SECTION: TIMES BUSINESS

LENGTH: 151 words


Samsung on Tuesday launched its flagship Galaxy S7 smartphone in India at a time
when rival Apple is giving steep competition in the top-end segment.

The new devices, priced at Rs 48,900 (for S7) and Rs 56,900 (S7 Edge), are a
step-up from the previous generation devices as they come with an option of
expandable memory , dual SIM slot, waterproof casing, and a special services
package for buyers.

The Galaxy S7 features a 5.1-inch display and a 3,000mAh battery , while the S7
Edge has a 5.5-inch display and a 3,600 mAh battery . Manu Sharma, director for
the company's mobile business, said Samsung expects to gain market share in the
premium segment with the launch of new devices.

However, analysts said demand in the premium segment is currently not very
buoyant. "This is not a very favourable time for premium products as buyers are
not very enthusiastic," Faisal Kawoosa from Cyber Media Research said.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             344 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Jaipur Edition

Samsung's Galaxy S7 to cost Rs 48,900

BYLINE: Pankaj.Doval@timesgroup.com

SECTION: TIMES BUSINESS

LENGTH: 174 words


Samsung on Tuesday launched its flagship Galaxy S7 smart-phone in India at a
time when rival Apple is giving steep competition in the top-end segment.

The new devices, priced at Rs 48,900 (for S7) and Rs 56,900 (S7 Edge), are a
stepup from the previous generation devices as they come with an option of
expandable memory , dual SIM slot, waterproof casing, and a special services
package for buyers.

The Galaxy S7 features a 5.1-inch display and a 3,000mAh battery , while the S7
Edge has a 5.5-inch display and a 3,600 mAh battery . Manu Sharma, director for
the company's mobile business, said Samsung expects to gain market share in the
premium segment with the launch of new devices.

However, analysts said demand in the premium segment is currently not very
buoyant."This is not a very favourable time for premium products as buyers are
not very enthusiastic," Faisal Kawoosa from Cyber Media Research said.

Kawoosa said Android-run devices are finding it increasingly tough to break the
stronghold of Apple's iOS ecosystem in the premium-end.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             345 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday
                                Kolkata Edition

Samsung's Galaxy S7 to cost Rs 48,900

BYLINE: Pankaj.Doval@timesgroup.com

SECTION: TIMES BUSINESS

LENGTH: 151 words


Samsung on Tuesday launched its flagship Galaxy S7 smartphone in India at a time
when rival Apple is giving steep competition in the top-end segment.

The new devices, priced at Rs 48,900 (for S7) and Rs 56,900 (S7 Edge), are a
step-up from the previous generation devices as they come with an option of
expandable memory , dual SIM slot, waterproof casing, and a special services
package for buyers.

The Galaxy S7 features a 5.1-inch display and a 3,000mAh battery , while the S7
Edge has a 5.5-inch display and a 3,600 mAh battery . Manu Sharma, director for
the company's mobile business, said Samsung expects to gain market share in the
premium segment with the launch of new devices.

However, analysts said demand in the premium segment is currently not very
buoyant. "This is not a very favourable time for premium products as buyers are
not very enthusiastic," Faisal Kawoosa from Cyber Media Research said.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             346 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            April 28, 2016 Thursday

Samsung Electronics Q1 profit up 13.55% on strong Galaxy S7 sales '

LENGTH: 336 words


Samsung Electronics said Thursday its net profit advanced 13.55 percent on-year
in the first quarter, apparently helped by robust sales of its flagship
smartphones.

Net income came to 5.25 trillion won ($4.56 billion) in the January-March
period, compared with 4.62 trillion won from a year earlier, Samsung said in its
regulatory filing.

Sales gained 5.65 percent on-year to 49.7 trillion won in the first quarter, and
its operating profit moved up 11.65 percent to 6.67 trillion won. The finalized
results were almost in line with the earnings guidance released earlier this
month.

Samsung said the IT and mobile communications business, which covers
smartphones, posted an operating profit of 3.89 trillion won, up 42 percent from
a year earlier.

It said the performance was attributed mainly to the strong sales of the Galaxy
S7 series, which went on sale in March.

Samsung added the division's profitability also improved as it streamlined the
budget smartphone models.

Samsung has been suffering from sluggish performances of its mobile division,
especially the Chinese players that ate into some of its shares.

The company said the Galaxy S7 is gaining popularity around the globe, including
in North America and Europe, adding shipments are better than they were for its
predecessor.

The Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge smartphones, first showcased at a trade fair in
Spain in February, come with improved batteries, and are water and dust
resistant. The company also brought back the micro SD card slot that had
disappeared in the Galaxy S6 series.

The company's chip business, which had emerged as the new main source of profit
for Samsung last year amid poor smartphone sales, posted an operating profit of
2.63 trillion won, down 10 percent from the 2.93 trillion won posted a year
earlier.

Shares of Samsung Electronics closed 0.31 percent higher on the main bourse on
Wednesday, when the KOSPI shed 0.21 percent. The latest report of its earnings
was issued before the opening of the stock market Thursday. (Yonhap)

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             347 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                             April 10, 2016 Sunday

US mobile carriers offering more for S7 than G5

BYLINE: By Yoon Sung-won

LENGTH: 428 words


A visitor looks at an advertisement for Samsung Electronics Galaxy S7 at the
company's promotion hall in Seocho, southern Seoul, Thursday. / Yonhap

Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics are stepping up competition between their
latest flagship smartphones - the Galaxy S7 and G5 - through aggressive
marketing in the United States.

The G5, LG's first modular smartphone, was launched globally on April 1. It has
drawn a favorable market response, solidifying the company's presence in the
U.S. market.

Unlike other markets, where LG has yielded the No.3 position to competitors like
Huawei, the company has remained the third leading smartphone brand in the U.S.

But Samsung is out to regain customers' attention for its Galaxy S7 and Galaxy
S7 Edge with an aggressive 'buy-one-get-one-free' marketing strategy in the U.S.

Verizon, the top U.S. mobile carrier, and Sprint T-Mobile have adopted the
marketing strategy to attract customers for the S7 series, offering a S7 free to
those who buy one. AT&T, the second-largest U.S. telecom firm, has offered a
48-inch Samsung Electronics television for those who buy an S7, on condition
they subscribe to a satellite television service at the same time.

The move comes as the four U.S. mobile carriers push to boost sales of premium
smartphones, which have fallen because budget handsets have become popular.

Unlike Korea, where most new handsets are sold through mobile carriers, more
than half of handsets in the U.S. are distributed directly from manufacturers to
customers through open markets. For this reason, U.S. mobile carriers tend to
use tougher marketing to attract subscribers.

Meanwhile, the four U.S. carriers have chosen relatively less aggressive
marketing for the G5.

Verizon and AT&T are giving an auxiliary battery pack and a power-charge dock to
G5 customers. For those who buy LG's new smartwatch, 'Watch Urbane Second
Edition,' and a G5, they offer a $100 discount for the handset.

Sprint also offers the battery pack and a $150 discount for G5 for subscribers
who sign a two-year contract.

The relatively more aggressive promotion for the S7 series can be seen as
Samsung's move to check G5's popularity in the U.S. market. This is because the
U.S. carriers launched the promotions for the S7 series between late last month
and early this month, more than two weeks after Samsung released the handsets.

An industry source said otherwise: 'The U.S. mobile carriers are offering more
generous benefits for the S7 series because these models draw more customers who
will pay for monthly plans over a longer period.'

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             348 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Express Business (Sri Lanka)

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung S7 adds features from doomed Note 7

LENGTH: 319 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Oct. 18 -- Samsung is working to bring some features of its ill-fated
Galaxy Note 7 phone to its S7 and S7 Edge devices.

In October, the Galaxy Note 7 was recalled and discontinued after reports that
some handsets were catching fire.

Samsung told the BBC it would "enhance" the S7 and S7 Edge with new features.

One analyst suggested the company was hoping that people returning their Note 7
would be tempted to stick with a Samsung phone over newer rivals.

"Normally, Samsung launches a flagship phone twice a year," said Ian Fogg,
analyst at IHS Markit. "Now effectively the S7 Edge is its flagship for the rest
of the year.

"They need to do everything they can to make it competitive against newer rivals
such as the iPhone 7 and Google Pixel."

The first changes have been made to the "always-on screen" feature, which has
been updated to more closely match the functionality of the Note 7.

The "always-on screen" can display photographs, a clock and notifications while
the phone is idle.

"We have issued a software update delivering certain feature enhancements to the
Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge, which offer a more convenient and customisable mobile
experience," said Samsung in a statement.

The update has not yet been rolled out in Europe, and software developers on one
message board said it still had some bugs that needed ironing out.

"They want to take some of the innovation they had on the Note 7 and add it to
the S7, but the challenge is that they have different hardware," said Mr Fogg.

"The Note 7 had a stylus and an iris scanner for unlocking the device. They
might manage to add some software features to other Samsung phones but not
everything will be possible."

comments

Powered by Facebook Comments

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Express Business. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Express Newspaper (Cey) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             349 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                             April 24, 2016 Sunday

Samsung delivers Free 'Gear VR' for customers who prebooked the Galaxy S7 and S7
Edge devices

SECTION: Vol. 27 No. 115

LENGTH: 161  words


Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., announced today that... Samsung has delivered
Free 'Gear VR' for all the customers who had prebooked the 'Galaxy S7' and
'Galaxy S7 Edge' smartphones in Pakistan.

These Gear VR have been delivered as part of a recent promotional offer. The
President of Samsung Pakistan J.H. Lee stated that: We are delighted to deliver
the revolutionary new Gear VR devices - Free of Cost, to the customers who had
pre-booked and received their S7 and S7 Edge devices recently.

The Gear VR is a revolutionary device which will enrich the smartphone
experience for these customers. It is designed to bring the Virtual Reality
experience to the common consumers. It totally redefines what your smartphone
can do.

Put on the Gear VR and you're there in the moment. You can relive your most
cherished memories in a Virtual Reality environment, created through a Super
AMOLED display. It provides a wider 96Â° Field of View, precise head-tracking
and low-latency.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                             350 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            October 14, 2016 Friday

Samsung Canada accepting returns of Galaxy Note 7;
Customers can exchange for Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge

BYLINE: The Canadian Press

SECTION: BX; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 144 words


Samsung says Canadians with Galaxy Note 7 smartphones can start returning the
devices today as part of a global safety recall following reports of overheating
batteries that pose a fire hazard.

Samsung Electronics Canada Inc. in Mississauga has advised consumers to return
the phones to the stores where they were bought.

Devices returned to retailers and carriers can be exchanged for a Galaxy S7 or
Galaxy S7 Edge phone, or customers can opt for a full refund for the recalled
Note 7 and specific accessories.

Samsung.com customers are being offered a refund upon receipt of the Galaxy Note
7. Samsung Canada says it will contact those who bought their smartphones
through Samsung.com about the return process.

The South Korean electronics giant said Tuesday it would stop making and selling
the Note 7s and advised owners to turn off and stop using the smartphones.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                             351 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                             April 19, 2016 Tuesday

All show and no go: Galaxy S7 Edge

LENGTH: 1111 words

DATELINE: Kathmandu


Kathmandu, April 19 -- Samsung's flagship smartphone last year was a beautiful
head-turner because of the company's implementation of a never-before seen
curved AMOLED display. The phone featured a display technology that no other
company had done before, few have even attempted it today, and that's what made
the Samsung Galaxy S6 one of the best phones to come out in 2015. In 2016,
however, Samsung has introduced a new smartphone to the edge line in the form of
the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge; Samsung's new flagship for the year.

So, how well does the Samsung Galaxy S7 perform? The S6 was a powerhouse when it
initially came out, topping almost all benchmarking tests and easily taking on
all Play Store apps (excluding games made for Nvidia's Tegra Chips). The S6
changed the game for Samsung's flagships, initially the S line, Samsung is now
producing the Edge line as their latest and greatest icons. So, how does the S7
fare as the greatest from Samsung and how well will it perform against other
flagship phones that should come out later in the year?

To put it simply, the greatest selling point of the S7 Edge is the aesthetical
value of the phone, it looks good and that's what people should expect to be
paying for when buying it. The ordinary S7, without the curved display, has the
exact same specifications as the S7 Edge and will be able to provide the exact
same raw power that the S7 Edge can. So, if you're looking for a beast of a
phone without any gimmicky features, just go for the simple S7 and you will
still get the best from Samsung, minus the looks and it'll cost you a lot less
too.

The S7 Edge is equipped with the best specifications to have come out till date.
American users will be treated with a Snapdragon 820 SOC quad-core processor
while regions outside the US will see the S7 Edge powered by Samsung's latest
in-house chipset, Exynos 8890 octa-core processor. Samsung has forced to go with
the Snapdragon processor on US models because the Exynos processor does not
support certain bands used by Verizon but apart from the difference in
processors, everything else is the same. The phone comes in variations of 32 and
64 GB internal storage and features 4 GB of RAM and is powered by the Adreno 530
GPU on the Snapdragon processor while graphics on the Exynos is powered by the
Mali-T880 MP12. In contrast to last year's S6 Edge, the S7 Edge comes with a
bigger screen at 5.5-inches and has a deeper screen curve on the sides as well
(the S6 Edge had a 5.1-inch screen). The screen boats a massive resolution of
1440 x 2560 at a pixel density of 534ppi and is powered by a huge battery of
3600 mAh. One welcome feature that Samsung had been neglecting for a long-time
has made it to the S7 Edge, the microSD expandability option. The phone is also
IP68 certified which means that it's water-resistant and can be dunked into
bodies of water safely for around 30 minutes, an essential safety feature that
had been missing from the S6 and considering the price you'll be playing for the
device, extra protection is always welcome.

Even though the S7 Edge is so well-powered, it comes with a lot of gimmicky
features just crammed into the phone to attract customers. Some of these feature
could be useful in certain conditions but most of them are just useless. Like
the Always-On feature that the S7 Edge is flaunting. The feature is utterly
useless and even annoying at times because there is no point in having you
screen on all the time. The screen stays on even during the night and just
displays clocks and other irrelevant information while important stuff like your
notifications don't show up at all on the screen. It also drains about 0.8
percent of your battery every hour, while not much, imagine the usage in a
24-hour time frame; that's almost 20 percent of your battery-life. The features
for the curved-display are also the same, while the display looks awesome and
while the company has managed to improve its usability since the S6 Edge, it's
still a feature that many people will be wowed by but will easily forget about.
It's a feature that you'll have to train yourself to use since it's so radically
different. One feature that is really useful, however, is the fast charging
technology that should be common in the future. Samsung claims that the device
can charge from 0 to 50 percent in under half an hour but that does not seem to
be true in real-world testing. The phone jumped from 0 to 35-40 percent after
half-an-hour of quick-charge, not as impressive as Samsung claims but pretty
impressive nonetheless.

Coming to the hardware side of things, the S7 Edge has impressive improvements
to the S6 Edge. One aspect being the water-resistance that I already mentioned
before; apart from that aspect the overall build quality of the phone has also
been improved and feels way more premium than the S6 Edge. Samsung uses a
process called '3D Thermo Forming' to create a seamless metal back that curves
on the rear-side as well, blending extremely well with the curved-display in
front. Both the front and the back have Gorilla Glass 4 to protect the screen as
well as the back of the phone. Although this gives off the reminiscent feel of
older iPhone models, the glass feels strong but is a massive fingerprint magnet.
Why Samsung chose to go with a glass back when all other smartphone
manufactures, including Apple, have abandoned the idea, is a mystery. Yet, the
design is really good and feels premium and comfortable in hand.

Overall, the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is a beautiful phone backed up by equally
impressive specifications but it's not a phone to go gaga over, like the
award-winning S6 Edge. The S6 Edge was an impressive phone because of the curved
display but nowadays, curved displays are not as impressive and even the
functional aspects of a curved display come into question. They're aren't as
useful as initially thought and are implemented just as added aesthetic value.
Samsung also added a lot of useless gimmicky features to make the S7 Edge
stand-out and sell for a much higher price-point. If you have a pretty recent
smartphone, I would not recommend upgrading to the S7 Edge; you would get better
value with the regular S7. Even if you have an S6 Edge, consider not upgrading
to the S7 Edge because the S6 Edge is quite capable on its own. I would only
recommend the phone if you want a phone to show-off, the S7 Edge shines at that.

Published: 19-04-2016 11:54

Tags:

Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge

Published by HT Syndication with permission from EKantipur.com. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             352 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Cihan News Agency (CNA)

                            February 1, 2016 Monday

Samsung to unveil Galaxy S7 on February 21

LENGTH: 189  words


SEUL (C[#x130]HAN)- One of the world's leading mobile phone and electronic
companies, South Korean Samsung announced that it will unveil hotly-anticipated
Galaxy S7.



In the explanation, made by Samsung, it was told that the last model of Samsung
will make debut at Mobile World Congress in Spain's Barcelona, accepted as the
most important activity of smartphone world.

Samsung also published a trailer video for the promotion.Reportedly, Galaxy S7
will have a similar design with the current model S6 and it will have mostly
performance improvements. On the other hand, Galaxy S7 is expected to have a
curved version like Galaxy S6 Edge.

According to the rumuors, the new model will have an external card slot. It will
also have 5.1 inches Corning Gorilla Glass Super Amoled 4 screen, 4 gigabytes
RAM, Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 Octa-Core or Samsung Exynos 8890 Octa-Core
processor and at least 3000 mAh battery.

Samsung had before told that it has sold about 97 millions of electronics
between Nov-Dec in last year and mobile phone has composed 85 percent of this
number.

SHOT LIST
Monday, February 01, 2016
Var of Samsung Galaxy S7
DURATION: 0:15 C[#x130]HAN

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 223


                        Copyright 2016 Cihan News Agency
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             353 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           September 27, 2015 Sunday

Samsung Galaxy S7 specs leak out

LENGTH: 253  words


By tbreak Staff -

It's no surprise that Samsung already has the Samsung Galaxy S7 on the tables.
Leaked details regarding its specifications, prices and its release date have
been flooding the Internet, and here is how it currently stands.

The Galaxy S7 may have the new Snapdragon 820 processor, which is a change from
the previous Exynos processors that Samsung used for its earlier devices. There
has been many rumors regarding Samsung testing the 820 for its S7 as well as
some prototypes leaking on Chinese websites. In terms of RAM, there will be two
variants. A LTE version with 4GB RAM and another with 3GB RAM. However, Samsung
recently launched its first DRAM chip which makes it possible for Smartphones to
have 6GB of RAM that runs 30 percent faster with 20 percent less power. It
wouldn't be a surprise if Samsung uses this in the S7 or a premium variant,
which will make it the fastest smartphone in the world. The S7 may have a 4K
display with Turtle Glass, Samsung's option to Corning's Gorilla Glass.

The release date of the S7 has been kept under wraps as of now. However, going
by Samsung's earlier patterns, the phone can be expected to released somewhere
between 22nd to 25th February, 2016 to match with the MWC. The S6 was launched
in 2015 at MWC and the S5 in 2014. In terms of price, the S7 might be quite high
when compared to the S6. If a 4K screen is used, then it might not be as high.
However, the price range should be within $650 - $700.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/99/144342901494.jpg



LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             354 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 29, 2016 Thursday 3:20 PM GMT

Samsung Galaxy S8: Release date, price, specs and other rumours about the next
generation smartphone;
If the latest rumours are to be believed, Samsung is going to pack some serious
power into its next smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 736 words


Samsung's next flagship smartphone will have to be the best one its ever
produced.

Firstly, the South Korean company will have to overcome the disastrous rollout
of the exploding Galaxy Note 7. And secondly, there's the small matter of the
iPhone 7 to compete with.

Although it's unlikely that we'll see the next Samsung Galaxy phone much before
March 2017, there are already supposed leaks showing up online.

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Specs, price, screen size, news and rumours about
Google's new Android smartphones

Whilst Apple appears to refine and strip down its phones, Samsung appears to be
going the other way. If the current crop of internet rumours are to be believed,
the company will be throwing everything it has into its next blower.

So, what do we know so far? We've collected all the latest whisperings right
here and will continue to update this piece as we learn more.

How waterproof is the iPhone 7? We put Apple's new smartphone to the test

Samsung Galaxy phones have a history of being launched at the Mobile World
Congress (MWC) trade show in Barcelona.

It appears the Samsung Galaxy S8 will be no different. According to Phone Arena,
Samsung has released a teaser image of its annual "Unpacked" event.

Samsung halts Galaxy Note 7 production after multiple reports of replacement
phones catching fire

Although there's no specific mention of the new phone, Samsung has given a date:
February 26, 2017.

The image was first revealed on Twitter by user Ricciolo - a reliable source of
Samsung leaks.

Last year's event saw a surprise appearance from Mark Zuckerberg as well as the
unveiling of the Samsung Galaxy S7.

We might not know anything concrete about the Galaxy S8 release date for months
yet, but thankfully it's a relatively easy thing to predict.

What makes phone batteries explode? And what to do if YOU bought Samsung's
Galaxy Note 7

Samsung's Galaxy phones have (since the S2 in 2011) been announced at or around
the time of the Mobile World Congress (MWC) event in Barcelona. It happens each
year in late February or early March. This lets Samsung have its phones on the
shelves by the end of March or, more likely, early April.

The 2017 Mobile World Congress event will take place from February 27 to March
2. Meaning we can expect a new Samsung announcement around February 26 or 27
next year.

As with Apple's iPhones, the Samsung Galaxy handsets have more or less plateaued
when it comes to price. The current 32GB S7 comes in at £569 whilst the slightly
larger S7 edge is £639. It's unlikely that Samsung's new phones will deviate too
far from this kind of pricing. So you better start saving.

iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7: Which smartphone is best when Apple and Samsung go
toe-to-toe?

What could change things is if Samsung decides to offer multiple storage
options. At the moment you can only get the S7 with 32GB of storage. If Samsung
opts to increase this to 64GB or even 128GB the price could increase also.

However, the company could also keep the storage space as it is and instead
include the capacity of the microSD card slot.

Aside from the aforementioned 4K screen, there are a few rumours circulating
about what kind of power the S8 may have under the bonnet.

Samsung's cameras have been exceptionally good recently, but the proliferation
of dual-lens snappers from the likes of Apple, Huawei and LG may inspire it to
follow suit. According to tech site Trusted Reviews , Samsung is indeed planning
to include dual-lens cameras in its next phone.

Samsung to start selling second-hand Galaxy S7 smartphones 'on the cheap'

A recent leak, reported on by the gadget site Pocket Lint , seems to have a
clear picture of the S8's specs. It says the new phone will pack in 6GB of RAM
and a 30-megapixel camera.

There will also be a 4,200mAh battery which - providing it doesn't explode -
should easily see the phone through 24 hours of solid usage.

A report on Samsung-watching site SamMobile hit on the fact that the S8 may
include an Exynos 8895 processor coupled with a Mali-G71 GPU. According to the
site, that means the new phone will be up to 1.8 times more powerful than the
already-impressive Galaxy S7.

What's more, SamMobile echoes other sites that suggest the S8 will have a
5.2-inch 4K-capable display. The reason? Samsung's pushing heavily into virtual
reality and having a powerful screen resolution means you can use the phone in
VR headsets like the Samsung Galaxy Gear and Google Daydream VR.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             355 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           November 24, 2015 Tuesday

Samsung Galaxy S7 might have microSD card support

LENGTH: 181  words


By tbreak Staff -

Rumors about the Samsung Galaxy S7 have been flooding the Internet ever since
the Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge came out, but the latest one may be turn some
heads.

Recent rumors suggest that the Samsung Galaxy S7 may in fact be bringing back
the microSD expandable memory. Sources at the Italian Samsung Blog, HDBlog.it
claim that the Korean tech giant company will reintroduce the microSD slot in
the Samsung Galaxy S7, after removing it from the S6.

When Samsung dropped the expandable memory in the S6 earlier, it was faced with
a lot of criticism from the long time Galaxy users, who uniformly agreed that it
was a bad choice. Users lined up one after the other to complain about this step
as well. Rival companies also capitalized on this by proudly showcasing their
devices with SD card support, mainly LG and HTC.

It is highly likely that Samsung has had some serious discussions about the
possible return of the microSD slot in its flagship line. However, as it is
still a rumor, it is not to be believed blindly.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/15/144845875259.jpg



LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             356 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            April 20, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung starts to Think Pink

LENGTH: 169  words


The Rose Gold inspired Pink Gold editions for the Samsung Galaxy S7 and the
Galaxy S7 Edge are here.

While the Apple iPhone has its Rose Gold Edition, Samsung has decided to follow
trends and come out with its own Pink Gold versions for the S7 and the S7 Edge.

This is the fifth color option launched for the flagship phones. In a statement
Samsung said that the new color is inspired by skin tone, and it is said to
incorporate a touch of gentleness, radiance and sophistication to the phone's
design. Samsung also said, "Pink Gold was chosen as it, like the other colors
available for the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge, is a natural color that provides a
sense of comfort. These hues glitter and shimmer as if illuminated from inside
their glass surfaces."

The new colors will go on sale today in South Korea, and will soon be available
in selected markets around the world. These markets are not yet specified, but
it is likely that most of them will be in Asia.

Source

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/47/146114603204.jpg



LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             357 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            March 10, 2016 Thursday

Samsung's Galaxy S7 to cost 48,900

BYLINE: Pankaj Doval

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 159 words


New Delhi: Samsung on Tuesday launched its flagship Galaxy S7 smart-phone in
India at a time when rival Apple is giving steep competition in the top-end
segment. The new devices, priced at Rs 48,900 (for S7) and Rs 56,900 (S7 Edge),
are a step-up from the previous generation devices as they come with an option
of expandable memory, dual SIM slot, waterproof casing, and a special services
package for buyers. The Galaxy S7 features a 5.1-inch display and a 3,000mAh
battery, while the S7 Edge has a 5.5-inch display and a 3,600 mAh battery. Manu
Sharma, director for the company's mobile business, said Samsung expects to gain
market share in the premium segment with the launch of new devices.However,
analysts said demand in the premium segment is currently not very buoyant. "This
is not a very favourable time for premium products as buyers are not very
enthusiastic," Faisal Kawoosa from Cyber Media Research said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             358 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            March 10, 2016 Thursday

Samsung's Galaxy S7 to cost 48,900

BYLINE: Pankaj Doval

SECTION: INDIA BUSINESS

LENGTH: 159 words


New Delhi: Samsung on Tuesday launched its flagship Galaxy S7 smart-phone in
India at a time when rival Apple is giving steep competition in the top-end
segment. The new devices, priced at Rs 48,900 (for S7) and Rs 56,900 (S7 Edge),
are a step-up from the previous generation devices as they come with an option
of expandable memory, dual SIM slot, waterproof casing, and a special services
package for buyers. The Galaxy S7 features a 5.1-inch display and a 3,000mAh
battery, while the S7 Edge has a 5.5-inch display and a 3,600 mAh battery. Manu
Sharma, director for the company's mobile business, said Samsung expects to gain
market share in the premium segment with the launch of new devices.However,
analysts said demand in the premium segment is currently not very buoyant. "This
is not a very favourable time for premium products as buyers are not very
enthusiastic," Faisal Kawoosa from Cyber Media Research said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             359 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            April 28, 2016 Thursday

S7 lifts Samsung Q1 earnings -

LENGTH: 626 words


Company to buy back 2 trillion won of shares By Yoon Sung-won

Samsung Electronics posted an operating profit of 6.68 trillion won in the first
quarter, up 11.7 percent from the same period last year, led by robust demand
for the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge, the company announced Thursday.

The result was a slight improvement on its guidance released earlier this month.

On top of strong smartphone sales, memory chips also helped the company's
earnings surprise.

According to its regulatory filing, Samsung Electronics posted 49.78 trillion
won in sales, up 5.7 percent year-on-year.

The company also said it will buy back 2 trillion won worth of its shares ? 1.3
million common shares and 320,000 preferred shares. It will buy them back over
the next three months and then cancel them, a move to boost shareholder value.

The IT and mobile communications businesses returned as the company's biggest
income source, generating 27.6 trillion won in sales and 3.89 trillion won in
operating profit, up 6.6 percent and 42 percent, respectively.

The company said both the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge have drawn more sales in North
America and Europe compared to the previous Galaxy S6 series.

'The market response was very favorable,' Samsung Electronics Investor Relations
Executive Director Lee Myung-jin said during a conference call with investors.
'The sales are positive compared to their predecessors. In particular, the S7
Edge is drawing better-than-expected responses and is recording very fast sales
in North America, China and Southwest Asia.'

Additionally, the company's budget smartphones ? the Galaxy A and Galaxy J
series ? have benefited from strong demand, especially in emerging markets.

Samsung said it shipped 92 million handsets in the first quarter with the
blended average sales price for its mobile phones dropping to around $210. It
also said smartphones made up about 80 percent of its total handset sales.

Despite weak demand, its semiconductor business recorded 11.15 trillion won in
sales, up from 10.27 trillion won year-on-year, on the back of high-performance
3D V-NAND flash memory chips.

Lee said the mobile communications and semiconductor businesses will be the
major contributors to its performance for the rest of the year. Based on the
profitability of its smartphones, the company expects to see an expansion in
high-density, high-performance memory products such as V-NAND solid-state drives
for servers on the back of the rapid global penetration of cloud technologies.

It will also seek to boost sales of premium super ultra high-definition
televisions and other home appliances, taking advantage of seasonal factors and
international sporting events.

At the same time, the company said it will diversify the application of
high-performance semiconductor products aiming at new growth sectors such as
wearables, virtual reality (VR), automotives and the Internet of Things.

'We expect that the growing ecosystem for high-resolution content such as VR
will boost the demand for high-density, high-bandwidth memory chips,' Lee said.
'In the automotive sector, the demand is mainly for infotainment products for
now, but technological advancements in autonomous driving will expand the need
for sensors and processing units too.'

Samsung Electronics has invested 4.6 trillion won on production plants in the
first quarter. This includes 2.1 trillion won for semiconductors and 1.8
trillion won for display panels.

'The capital expenditure may be slightly increased year-on-year to respond to
diverse new business opportunities,' Lee said. 'Investments in the display
sector are expected to hike to meet the increasing demand for organic
light-emitting diode panels, whereas that for the DRAM sector is likely to be
downsized compared to a year ago.'

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             360 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

At MWC 2016, LG and Xiaomi stole Samsung's thunder;
Xiaomi's Mi 5 launch and LG's modular G5 stole the limelight from excellent
Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge launch

BYLINE: Nandagopal Rajan

LENGTH: 504  words


Xiaomi's Mi 5 launch and LG's modular G5 stole the limelight from excellent
Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge launch

During MWC, friends and acquaintances kept asking which phone I thought was the
most innovative of the lot on the show. This time, it was easy for me to give an
answer: yes, I thought the LG G5 was the most interesting. And most people would
nod in agreement.

The LG G5 shows us a glimpse into what the world of smartphones will be a few
years from now. Swapping a better camera module because you are out on a picnic,
or an extra battery because you won't be near a charging port for days. Yes, the
modular phone concept is finally here. This might not be exactly what Google
(http://indianexpress.com/tag/google/) and others are working on, but the fact
that it has hit the bullet with a flagship shows LG has shown the guts to be
innovative.

Just across the aisle in Hall 3, Samsung is getting a lot of attention as
always. However, this time people are more intrigued by the VR showcase and are
queuing up for a chance to try the headset on. They like the Samsung Galaxy S7
too, but most think it is almost the same as the S6. The same is the case with
the S7 edge too. If the cards said S6 and S6 edge, it would have taken everyone
some time to call it a bluff.

Samsung has for some years now had this tendency to hold the awe factor back
every alternate year and 2016 seems to be one of those years. This means the
Samsung Galaxy S7, and S7 edge are natural progressions of their predecessors
and don't try and change the game on their own. Of course, the edge has become
better, of course the camera is one of the best in the world, of course this is
among the best Android phones money can buy but haven't we come to expect that
out of Samsung? Where is the surprise element, the one thing that makes you the
best Android flagship? I guess we will have to wait for that till the Note 6
arrives later this year.

By being averse to taking risks with its flagships, Samsung might be letting go
of a large opportunity and leaving the door ajar for players like Xiaomi
(http://indianexpress.com/tag/xiaomi/) to make a bigger impact. Three days after
the gala Samsung launch, this Chinese startup had a relatively small event a bit
far from the main MWC venue. But all of the world's press was there at what was
Xiaomi's first big event in Europe. The Mi 5 has some innovative features like
the camera with four-axis image stabilisation, but it also has a price that is
half that of Samsung's flagship.

The innovation for companies like Xiaomi and LeEco is in offering the same stuff
as Samsung or LG at much lower price points. Let's not miss the point here that
the Mi 5 runs the same top-end Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor as the S7 and
G5.

Yes, Samsung is not in the same game as these Chinese challengers, but with the
market getting more competitive every passing quarter the Korean giant has to
start overwhelming its competition. That sense of purpose is the only thing that
will win it new markets and users.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             361 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   Arab Times

                               May 9, 2016 Monday

Galaxy S7 - the coolest smartphone with its own air-conditioning system -
Feature allows uninterrupted usage

LENGTH: 346 words


Samsung S7 edge

KUWAIT CITY, May 9: Virtual reality engine, pocket DSLR, supercomputer,
smart-key, gaming console and media powerhouse-the all-new Galaxy S7 wears many
tags with ease. The advanced capabilities and specifications of the smartphone
also brings with it unique challenges in order to deliver the ultimate user
experience. Smartphones getting overheated with extended use has been an
Achilles heel of sorts for the mobile phone industry. Unlike the conventional
systems before it, Samsung has succeeded in creating a super thin cooling
apparatus (0.6mm) for the powerful Exynos processor in the Galaxy S7 and S7
edge. A variation of the desktop water-cooling model, the cooling technology at
play in these smartphones keeps vital components like the processor working at
optimum temperature, greatly extending the lifespan and allowing for longer
uninterrupted usage.

Under the stunning metal shell of the S7 is flat copper piping that weaves
around the Graphics Processing Unit and the processor to dissipate the heat
generated by the phone. The piping ensures that the heat is evenly spread and
not concentrated on any specific spots.

Loosely described as the 'air conditioning for your phone', the piping has a
liquid that vaporizes at high temperatures and then condenses at low
temperatures. The liquid draws heat from the processor when vaporized and
repeats the cycle over and over again, converting from vapor to liquid and vice
versa depending on which component is hotter than the rest.

Supporting Vulkan API, the phones can run graphic intensive games such as
Asphalt 8 with ease. The S7 and S7 edge are powered by a 64 bit Octa core
(2.3GHz Quad + 1.6GHz Quad processor, mated with a Quad HD Super AMOLED screen
(5.1" 2560 X 1440 (577ppi) screen on the S7 and 5.5" Quad 2560 X 1440 (534ppi)
on the S7 Edge). The phone's Dual Pixel sensors, an industry first for mobile
camera technology mirror the human eyes' fast autofocus, setting the world
standard in low-light mobile camera technology.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/326/1143/81/146288278835.jpg

Samsung S7 edge

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1143


                 Copyright 2016 Arab Times Kuwait English Daily
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             362 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Sunday Independent (South Africa)

                                 April 10, 2016
                                   E1 Edition

New phone on the edge of perfection

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 1085 words


Review: Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge

If you're a regular reader of this column, you'll know I was seriously smitten
with Samsung's new Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge smartphones when I got to try them out,
all-too-briefly, at their launch in Barcelona in February.

Now they're available in South Africa and I've had a chance to spend some
quality time with the more pricey and, in my opinion, better looking of the two,
the Edge.

Did familiarity breed contempt, or did my initial love-at-first-sight blossom
into a full-blown romance? You be the judge as I detail six reasons you'll fall
hard for the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge.

Beauty and brains

When its predecessor, the Galaxy S6 Edge, was launched last year I declared that
work of high tech-art, crafted from steel and curved glass, the most beautiful
phone in the world. That title now goes to the S7 Edge which is, if possible,
even more stunning.

It also feels great in hand, thanks to the design wizards at Samsung smoothing
out the sharp edges and adding a subtle, but reassuringly palm-fitting curve to
the back.

This goes beyond aesthetics and ergonomics. Thanks to the extra space afforded
by the rear curve, there's room to squeeze in new components that make the S7
Edge arguably the most powerful smartphone on the market, starting with...

A bigger battery

One of the big disappointments of the S6 line of phones was their mediocre
battery life, a problem exacerbated by the fact that Samsung had done away with
the removable battery that Galaxy power users had come to know and love over the
years, taking away the option of popping in a fresh one when caught short
between charges. While it didn't reintroduce this feature with the S7 line, it
did endow them with bigger, better batteries.

The S7 comes with a 3â[#x20ac]¯000mAh battery, up from the S6's 2â[#x20ac]¯550
mAh, while the S7 Edge, a bigger phone, boasts a beefy 3â[#x20ac]¯600 mAh
battery, a full 1â[#x20ac]¯000 mAh bigger than the one in last year's Edge.
Whereas I battled to get through a busy work day with its predecessor, the S7
Edge easily achieved this with enough juice to spare for watching videos and
browsing the web well into the wee hours - a delightful experience thanks to the
5.5-inch quad HD Super Amoled display.

If that's not enough for you, there's also a range of after-market battery packs
and wireless charging attachments available.

Expandable storage

Another feature absent in the S6 that makes a welcome return in the S7 is the
MicroSD card slot. The Edge comes with either 32GB or 64GB of onboard storage
(the 32GB version is the one most widely available locally). Thanks to the SD
card slot, that's now expandable by up to 200GB (the size of the biggest cards
currently on the market), great news if you're someone who likes to carry their
collection of favourite movies and music around with them.

Water and dust-proof

One of the things I really liked about Samsung's long-discontinued Galaxy S5 was
its water resistance. Although its ingress-protection level of IP67 meant it was
only guaranteed to guard against brief immersion, it was enough to save the
phone from a temporary dunking like a drop in the loo or a poolside fumble.

I wasn't alone in my disappointment when Samsung removed even this mild level of
protection with the S6 line. But now it's back and better than ever.

With an IP68 rating, the S7 and S7 Edge are now both totally dust tight and will
withstand submersion in 1.5m of water for 30 minutes.

I tested this out in a variety of ways with my Edge review phone, in rock pools
at the beach, under a running tap to wash the salt off, in the shallow end of a
swimming pool and in the shower, all without incident.

Impressively, Samsung's managed to achieve this level of protection without
having to resort to fiddly flaps to cover the charging port and headphone jack.

Better low-light pictures

Samsung's done an at-first-glance puzzling thing with the main camera on the S7
range, dropping the megapixel count from 16MP on the S6 to 12MP. It's billed
this as an upgrade because they've upped the pixel size, allowing more light
into each snap.

I've long believed raw megapixel count isn't a reliable gauge of a digital
camera's capabilities and Samsung may just have achieved the perfect balance
with the S7 and S7 Edge.

Daytime pictures were crisp and clear, if not quite as detailed when zoomed in
close as those snapped with the older S6.

But low-light pictures were a revelation; rich, warm and surprisingly clear in
conditions that produced only fuzzy smudges from the selection of high-end
competitors I compared them with, thanks to the large f/1.7 aperture lens.

The 5MP front-facing has the same lens, so selfie fans can snap on well into the
night.

Virtual reality

If you were one of the thousands of South Africans who ordered the S7 or S7 Edge
before March 20, you'll have received a free GearVR virtual reality headset.

If not, you should be able to buy one for about R1â[#x20ac]¯600.

Unlike the far more expensive Oculus Rift and HTC Vive, which need to be paired
with a PC, to use the GearVR you simply slot a recent model, high-end Samsung
smartphone into the headset.

For now these are the S7, S7 Edge, S6, S6 Edge, S6 Edge+ and Note 5, although
Samsung has hinted that it may soon bring some of its more affordable phones
into the VR fold.

There's already a good selection of video content and games available with more
being added all the time, including the cult open world game, Minecraft.

Watch this space for a full review of the GearVR.

A few niggles

All smartphones, however impressive, have their flaws and the S7 Edge is no
exception. While the curved-glass screen makes it truly beautiful to behold, I
did find it made the phone a little tricky to use one-handed. I regularly found
myself touching the screen accidentally with my palm while shifting my grip and
activating one feature or another, a minor irritation but one nevertheless.

More serious are reports I've had from various people, fellow-tech journalists
among them, that S7 Edge, with curved glass on the back and front, is highly
prone to cracks, even from relatively minor drops. My advice would be to buy a
cover, although it seems a real pity to hide something as pretty as this away.

It's also pricey, around R16â[#x20ac]¯000 on prepaid, but then so are other
high-end handsets, thanks to our battered rand.

These quibbles aside, if you're in the market for a premium smartphone and
nothing but the best will do, both in terms of looks and performance, look no
further than the S7 Edge.

l Follow Alan Cooper on â[#x20ac]¨Twitter @alanqcooper

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SI


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             363 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                      March 17, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Some high-end handsets on sale this week

BYLINE: Brenda McGregor

LENGTH: 234  words


According to reports, a number of high-end handsets are on sale at different
retailers this week. The handsets on sale include some of the premium devices
manufactured by bigwig device makers like Samsung and Motorola, among others.

Specifically speaking, some of the handsets which are on sale at retailers like
Amazon, eBay, and Best Buy include Samsung's newest Galaxy flagship smartphones
-- Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge -- as well as Motorola's Moto X Pure Edition,
and Huawei's Nexus 6P.

The Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge handsets are being sold by eBay at a respective
price tag of $599 and $699. The models which are on sale at the retailer are
international variants of the two handsets. As such, they are powered by the
Exynos processor - and not the Snapdragon 820 processor - but they can work on
the LTE networks of AT&T and T-Mobile.

The Motorola Moto X Pure Edition can be purchased at a starting cost of $299,
for the 16GB model, from Motorola, Best Buy, and Amazon. At the mentioned cost,
the White and Bamboo versions of the handset can be directly purchased from
Amazon, or can be customized using the Moto Maker tool.

The Huawei Nexus 6P handset is available for purchase at a discounted cost
directly from Best Buy and Amazon. Best Buy is selling the handset - along with
a free Speck case - at a $50 markdown on its retail price, while Amazon has
listed the handset at nearly $75 off retail.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             364 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung unveils new smartphones

SECTION: Vol. 25 No. 359

LENGTH: 117  words


Samsung Electronics announced the newest additions to the Galaxy family of
products, Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge created for today's consumer
lifestyle, a statement said on Monday.

The statement said Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge lead the industry with a refined
design, more advanced camera, streamlined software functionality and
unparalleled connectivity to a galaxy of products, services, and experiences.

We believe in a world that is brighter, sharper, more convenient, and more fun,
said DJ Koh, President of Mobile Communications Business, Samsung Electronics.
We empower consumers with technology to help them get more out of life and will
continue to push the frontier of what's possible.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved


                             365 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

With Galaxy S7, Samsung seen rediscovering its mobile mojo

LENGTH: 619  words

DATELINE: Seoul


Seoul, March 31 -- Early indications of stronger-than-expected sales of new
Galaxy S7 smartphones suggest technology giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd is
emerging from a two-year decline at its flagship mobile business.


 Squeezed by Apple Inc in premium products and undercut by Chinese rivals like
Huawei in cheaper devices, Samsung's smartphone profits and global market share
have fallen and sapped momentum at South Korea's most valuable company.
 But several brokerages on Wednesday upgraded first-quarter forecasts for what
is still the world's top smartphone maker, citing a strong start for the Galaxy
S7 and S7 edge premium phones that were launched earlier this month.
 Samsung likely shipped 9.5 million S7 phones in the first quarter,
significantly more than the initial estimate for 7 million, Jay Yoo, industry
analyst at Korea Investment & Securities, wrote in a report.
 "It looks like the sell-in numbers have been pretty good and analysts are
raising their sales forecasts for the S7 this year," noted HDC Asset Management
fund manager Park Jung-hoon.
 "The firm is pushing up volume in the mid-to-low tier to protect market share.
Starting S7 sales about a month earlier than the S6 to take advantage of Apple
not having new products out yet was also a good move."
 Getting Samsung's mobile business back on track is important for Vice Chairman
Jay Y. Lee, the de facto leader of family-run conglomerate Samsung Group, to
show his ability to manage the sprawling electronics-to-fashion business, some
investors say.
 Samsung shares gained as much as 2.4 percent on Wednesday to an 18-week high.
The stock is up by more than a fifth since mid-January following a 22 percent
slide over the previous three months.
 BETTER, BUT NOT SO DIFFERENT
 The two Galaxy S7 models have won acclaim for their sleek design and the return
from previous models of features such as microSD card storage support and water
resistance, though analysts noted the phones offer only incremental upgrades and
don't look very different to their predecessors.
 Analysts had previously lowered their expectations amid signs of a further
slowdown in demand for consumer electronics, and investors took little heed
earlier this month when Samsung's new mobile chief Koh Dong-jin said S7 models
would outsell previous models following better-than-expected pre-orders.
 Samsung's January-March operating profit was expected to fall 16 percent from a
year earlier to 5.2 trillion won ($4.51 billion) - the lowest in six quarters -
according to a Thomson Reuters StarMine SmartEstimate derived from a survey of
31 analysts.
 But the Korea Economic Daily newspaper, citing an unnamed source, said
Samsung's quarterly profit will top 6 trillion won on S7 sales and a weaker
South Korean won. Samsung said its earnings were not yet finalised, and it
declined comment on sales or shipments for the new handsets.
 "The majority opinion in the market was that sales would be weak because the S7
is little different from the S6, but that actually helps improve earnings,"
Mirae Asset analyst Doh Hyun-woo wrote in a report, noting the similarity helped
reduce component and development costs.
 This helped Samsung launch the S7 models at a lower price than the S6 phones -
up to 8.3 percent cheaper in the Korean market - at a time when the S7 had no
serious competition other than the iPhone 6S models that were launched late last
year.
 Investors said the strong start for the S7 suggests Samsung has staying power
in the smartphone business, though there's no guarantee of a return to the years
of record profits.
 "From the investors' perspective, there's nothing wrong with making money
without innovation," said Lee Jin-woo at KTB Asset Management.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             366 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

Sales of Samsung Galaxy S7 soar after Note 7 recall

LENGTH: 168 words


[THE INVESTOR] Samsung Electronics' flagship Galaxy S7 smartphone is gaining a
fresh sales momentum after its fire-prone Note 7 sibling was withdrawn from the
market last week.

According to local research firm Atlas Research & Consulting, the 32GB Galaxy S7
topped smartphone sales on Oct. 6-12 in Korea with a 16.1 percent market share.

Data from the nation's top three telecom carriers also showed about 15,000 units
of the Galaxy S7 phones are selling every day over the past week in a market
where a daily 10,000-unit sales is considered a hit.

Even though the phone has been in the market for more than six months, its sales
are recovering due to the discontinued Note 7 while its archrival Apple iPhone 7
has yet to hit the market. The iPhone launch is planned on Oct. 21.

Samsung has also been beefing up production and marketing activities on the
Galaxy S7. The company is also considering launching the phone's Coral Blue
version, a hot-selling shade that adorned the Note 7, next month.

By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             367 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          PNG Post-Courier (Australia)

                            March 24, 2016 Thursday
                                   1 Edition

Samsung, Digicel unveils S7

BYLINE: MELISHA YAFOI

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 367 words


ELECTRONIC giant Samsung unveiled its latest smart phones in PNG targeting the
high-end market and adding growth in the ICT sector.

Launched on Tuesday in Port Moresby they include the S7 and S7 edge under
Samsung's Galaxy series.

Head of Samsung New Zealand's mobile business Stefan Lecchi, said the Galaxy S7
and S7 edge are the most complete smart phones to date because of their advanced
feature.

"More than just a beautifully designed device, our new flagship Galaxy smart
phones offers improved functionality, a more robust design and advanced camera
technology.

We think the consumers in PNG will appreciate a smart phone durable enough to
take them from the office to the beach, but still offering the sleek and
streamlined glass and metal design now synonymous with our flagship Galaxy
series," he said.

Both devices are built perfectly to suit the needs of both corporate and home
users enabling security as well as two new additions of the first dual pixel
camera on a smart phone, which helps deliver brighter and sharper images with a
promising battery capacity to ensure longer playing time with an internal
cooling system to prevent overheating.

Digicel PNG CEO Maurice McCarthy in a joint statement said that Samsung's new
smart phone technology is a leader in its field.

"Samsung is renowned for its innovative smart phone technology and as PNG's
leading telecommunications provider, Digicel is thrilled to not only offer the
latest in mobile phone technology to the market but a unique mobile experience.

We welcome the growth in business and ICT within the country and are committed
to providing customers with competitive solutions," said McCarthy.

He said Digicel's business customers will appreciate the new hybrid SIM card
tray, which allows users to insert a micro SD card to gain an extra 200GB of
additional storage.

"We know our customers growing sophistication with use of technology and working
together with Samsung, we will continue to deliver only the finest in PNG," he
said.

The company is redefining what is possible, beyond the limits of today's
technology, by introducing a constellation of seamless mobile experiences that
are now available in all Digicel outlets in the country.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PTC


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             368 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            October 16, 2016 Sunday

What you need to know about the Galaxy Note 7 recall

BYLINE: Hayley Tsukayama The Washington Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 756 words


This week, Samsung finally took the step to officially recall all models of the
Galaxy Note 7 -- days after the company said it would discontinue the phone due
to continued reports that the smartphone is exploding.

The company will keenly feel the loss of the Galaxy Note 7, which was one of its
biggest products going into the holiday season; the firm on Wednesday cut its
profit projections by one-third, due to recall costs.

But Samsung's business woes are probably not top-of-mind for people who bought
the company's troubled smartphone. Here are answers to some key questions that
people may have about the recall, Samsung and the safety of their phones.

What was new about the recall announcement on Thursday?

The official recall previously only applied to Samsung Galaxy Note 7s that were
sold before Sept. 15. Now any Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is included in the recall.

The recall process has been confusing, but this makes it crystal clear: If you
have a Galaxy Note 7 -- any Galaxy Note 7 -- your phone is at risk of exploding
and you should stop using it immediately.

Can I just ignore this recall?

Please don't. It's a very, very bad idea to ignore this recall. This isn't just
a matter of a product not working as advertised. This is a dangerous defect, and
happens when people are just using their phones normally. Using the phone is a
risk not just to yourself, but to all those around you who may just happen to
share a car, airplane or fast-food restaurant with you.

I replaced my Galaxy Note 7 with a Galaxy Note 7 that was supposed to be safe.
Do I have to turn in my smartphone?

Yes. If you have any Galaxy Note 7 smartphone this recall applies to you. Go
back to the place where you bought your phone and trade the phone in. You are
eligible for a full refund. You may also trade your phone for another
smartphone; if that new phone is more expensive, you will have to pay the
difference.

I bought a Samsung S7 or Samsung S7 Edge to replace my Galaxy Note 7. Do I have
to exchange that, too?

No. There is no such safety problem with the Samsung S7, Samsung S7 Edge or any
other Samsung phone. But if you've already exchanged your Galaxy Note 7 for
another Samsung phone, you may be entitled to more money from the company.

Has anything else changed about the recall now?

Samsung has also extended the rewards for turning in your phone. All customers
should be able to get a full refund for their phone, or use the money they paid
for the Galaxy Note 7 to get a different phone. (Customers who pick a more
expensive phone than the Galaxy Note 7 will have to pay the difference.)

But now, if you decide to trade your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 for another Samsung
phone, you are eligible for a $100 bill credit.

If you returned the phone for a full refund or picked another non-Samsung phone,
such as Apple's iPhone, you are eligible for a $25 bill credit.

I already turned in my phone. Do I miss out on the new bill credits?

If you've already swapped out your phone, you should have received a $25 bill
credit for doing so.

If you switched out your Galaxy Note 7 for another Samsung phone, contact the
same company that processed your original exchange (Samsung, your phone carrier,
retailers, etc.) to apply as much as an additional $75 credit.

If you exchanged your Note for a refund or a non-Samsung phone, you should have
already have received a $25 bill credit; that amount has not changed.

Are other Android phones safe?

Yes. Samsung may have become effectively synonymous with Android in some
peoples' minds, but the battery problem is not in any way an Android problem.
This defect does not affect other phones that run Google's mobile operating
system, and there is no reason to be concerned about your phone simply because
it runs Android.

Are Samsung products safe?

This is a question that's been floating around a lot, particularly after news
that Samsung washers were having a separate, non-battery issue that also
resulted in explosions.

But apart from the washers and the Galaxy Note 7, there have not been reports
that other Samsung products on the market are having problems of this type --
that is, products dangerously malfunctioning in the course of normal use.

There have been reports of Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge phones overheating, or
sometimes catching fire, but not nearly as frequently as the Galaxy Note.

And, to be fair, there are plenty of reports of other smartphones, including
Apple's iPhone, also catching fire in some cases -- but, again, not nearly on
the scale to prompt a recall as we've seen with the Galaxy Note 7.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: This week, Samsung finally took the step to officially recall all
models of the Galaxy Note 7 -- days after the company said it would discontinue
the phone due to continued reports that the smartphone is exploding. (AP
Photo/Lee Jin-man)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             369 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           January 21, 2016 Thursday

Galaxy S7 benchmarking leak ends up being slightly disappointing

LENGTH: 366  words


By tbreak Staff -

Galaxy S7 is expected to be one terrific smartphone, being armed to the teeth
with chipsets like Snapdragon 820 and Exynos 8890 (remember, the smartphone is
going to be available to purchase in both chipset models) and we expect the
device to make its way towards the 2016 Mobile World Congress show, which is all
set to take place during February. Only now, were we able to come across the
leaked benchmarking scores of the smartphone through a popular performance
testing app called Geekbench.

The scores spotted on Geekbench give us the impression that the device is not
all that is cracked up to be, despite the fact that it features two of the
fastest mobile chipsets found in Android powered smartphones of 2016.
Regardless, given below are the scores so you be the judge if there has been a
huge leap in performance if you compare Galaxy S7 and its predecessors.

The details on the benchmarking sheet state that the eight cores running in the
chipset feature a frequency of 1.59GHz. However, in our previous announcement;
the one where Samsung was proud to announce its Exynos 8890, four cores will be
custom developed by Samsung, while the remaining cores will belong to ARM's
Cortex-A53, so it is not possible for the chipset to feature all eight of its
cores running at the same speed, particularly when these cores are a part of
ARM's big.LITTLE architecture. It is possible that these cores are just for
testing purposes, but we will keep you informed on that front in the near
future. As for the remaining specifications go, it appears that Galaxy S7 will
be running Android Marshmallow 6.0.1 and the company's custom TouchWiz interface
will be running on top of that.

Since Galaxy S7 is also going to sport a ton of new technologies, you should
rest assure that the unlocked model of the smartphone is definitely going to be
quite an expensive mobile computing device. We will obviously keep you informed
about this, and when MWC 2016 kicks off, we will be able to come across these
minute details as well.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/55/145338267324.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/43/145338267391.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/18/145338267452.png



LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             370 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            October 24, 2016 Monday

Samsung unveils new compensation program for Galaxy Note 7

LENGTH: 199 words


[THE INVESTOR] Samsung Electronics announced on Oct. 24 that it would run a new
compensation program, dubbed Galaxy Upgrade, for the Galaxy Note 7 users who
have exchanged their handset with the Galaxy S7 or the S7 Edge.

Those who participate in the program will receive a 50-percent discount, in an
indirect manner, on their future purchase of the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy Note 8.

Samsung said the participants would have to first pay 12-month installments of
the S7 or its curved-screen variant and return their phone to receive the Galaxy
S8 or Note 8.

The remaining 12-month installments will be covered by the tech firm.

Under the existing compensation program, the tech giant offers a
30,000-won-worth online voucher for all Note 7 users, who exchange their Note 7
device or get a refund, and a 70,000-won discount on their mobile bill when
exchanging their Note 7 with Samsung phones, including the S7 and Note 5.

"The details of the new compensation program will soon be announced after
discussions with mobile carriers," said a Samsung official, adding the program
will run by Nov. 30.

Other benefits include a 50-percent discount on repairs of a damaged display,
for two times.

By Kim Young-won (

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             371 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Smart Photography

                                  June 1, 2016

Smartphone Review: The Temptress!

BYLINE: Sujith Gopinath

LENGTH: 1579  words


Samsung Galaxy S7 edge - Rs 56,900

Inside the Box

* Samsung Galaxy S7 edge smartphone

* Power Adapter

* USB cable

* Headset

* Warranty card

The Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 edge were launched with much fanfare, but the
devices proved less than perfect for their price. But this time, the S7 and S7
edge were carefully launched silently without initially creating a hype around
the expected release. And the result is a no-nonsense device with enough power
to carry on the tasks assigned to it unhindered.



Design and Build Quality

The Samsung Galaxy S7 edge has a stylish design, and this time, the curved body
repeats even on the back glass. It is better designed than the S6 edge, though
not significantly different. The S6 had a camera that projected out of the back
surface, while the S7 edge has solved this issue by not attempting to make it
super-slim. The curved glass meets with the curved metal alloy bezel
near-seamlessly. Both the front and back surfaces are protected by Corning
Gorilla Glass 4. The device has a non-removable battery. The S7 edge is
waterproof with an IP68 ingress protection rating. This is the highest level of
protection available for any device, and can be interpreted as totally dust
tight, and protected against prolonged effects of immersion under pressure.

Key Features

The Galaxy S7 edge is Samsung's second curved screen model under the Galaxy
series. The phone features a 5.5-inch dual edge Super AMOLED display with a
Corning Gorilla Glass 4 screen. The screen has a resolution of 2560 x 1440
pixels (Quad HD) and can reproduce up to 16 million colours. The device has edge
screens on either side; you can choose which one to use. If the Edge screen was
just a gimmicky feature in the S6, it has grown in utility in this device. You
can customise the screen to provide quick access to various applications,
services and alerts.

The international version of the device (what is available in India) is powered
by a Samsung Exynos Octa 8890 processor with four cores clocked at 2.6GHz and
the other four at 1.59GHz. With the Exynos processor, this device is believed to
be faster, less power hungry and produce less heat than the Qualcomm Snapdragon
820-powered U.S. version. The phone has a 4GB RAM, up from 3GB on the S6. Of the
32GB of internal memory, 24.4 GB is available to the user. Unlike the S6 and S6
Edge, this Galaxy adds external memory support for up to 200GB via a MicroSD
card slot. However, it is important to note that this is a hybrid slot that can
fit either a MicroSD card or a second Nano-SIM. So if you use this phone as a
dual SIM device, you have to be contended with the in-built 32GB memory; but for
the majority who use a single SIM for both data and calls, you can have a
whopping 200GB of extra space locally if you choose so.

The Samsung S7 edge's main camera uses a 12.0 megapixel Dual Pixel CMOS sensor,
while the front camera has a 5.0 megapixel CMOS sensor. The S7 Edge is said to
be shipping with two different main cameras, one with a Samsung ISOCELL S5K2L1
sensor and the other with a Sony IMX260 (Exmor R) sensor. Both are 1/2.5 inch
Backside Illuminated (BSI) sensors, and our test piece had a Sony sensor. The
front camera uses a Samsung SLSI S5K4E6 sensor, which is a 5-megapixel BSI CMOS
imager. The main camera has a maximum aperture of f/1.7 and can produce videos
up to 3840 x 2160 (4K, UHD) at 30fps. This camera features Phase Detection Auto
Focus via the dual pixel CMOS. The camera also features image stabilisation
along with video stabilisation. The camera has an accompanying flash. The front
facing camera does not have a real flash, but for selfies, the screen itself
acts as a light source by brightening up so that your face is well-lit. The
camera has a few interesting modes such as Wide Selfie, Hyperlapse and Motion
Photo. Wide Selfie allows you to pan the camera sideways to include more people
in a group selfie. Hyperlapse is a high-speed time lapse mode, while Motion
Photo captures a short three-second video just before you click the shutter
release. You can even choose the frame you like to preserve as still image. The
camera offers shutter speeds from 10 sec to 1/24,000 sec, while the sensitivity
ranges from ISO 100 to 800. It offers all the usual White Balance options along
with Auto and Kelvin colour temperature settings. Autofocus can be Manual or
Auto. You can select either the central AF point or Multi AF mode. The device
provides the usual three metering modes-Matrix, Centre-weighted and Spot. These
settings are available in the Pro mode.

The S7 edge is powered by a 3600mAh non-removable battery. This means an
additional 1000 mAh over the S6, which drew flak for being underpowered. The
battery is complemented by a 9.0V fast charging adapter, which charges the phone
completely in just 100 minutes. The device measures 150.9 x 72.6 x 7.7mm and
weighs 157g.

Ergonomics

The S7 edge has double glass surface, but it is not very slippery. The phone is
very comfortable to use and is more ergonomic than the S6 Edge. The new Edge
screen can accommodate up to nine panels, each with different functionality. For
example, the Apps Edge panel can house up to 10 app shortcuts, while the Quick
Tools Edge features some handy tools such as compass, ruler and flashlight. Of
course the options don't end here. The phone has an Always On Display, which
displays information even when the phone is in sleep mode. The display gets
automatically disabled when the phone's in your pocket or bag, when it's face
down or when the battery's running low. The S7 edge's Game Tools feature
provides some useful functions to enhance your gaming experience, such as
gameplay recording and 'no notifications during game'. The volume buttons are on
the left while the power button is on the right. The fingerprint sensor works
even if your fingers are wet. Overall, the device looks like Samsung's attempt
to correct all flaws in the S6 edge.

Performance

Last year when we reviewed the S6 edge, we felt that the release was premature
because of a few problems we encountered during testing. But this time, Samsung
seems to have fixed all problems and carved out a model that is highly desirable
by any standards. The interface is quite responsive and the edge screen is
useful as a shortcut panel. The design too looks evolved. The display looks
closer to true colours without the typical synthetic tones reproduced by AMOLED
screens. The fingerprint sensor worked like a charm every time.

The battery lasted for a day even with some heavy use, which is not the best,
but still quite decent. The device did not heat up like the S6 and we never felt
any lag even in heavy gaming. Benchmarking software ranked the S7 edge above all
other Android devices, which is predictable for such a premium smartphone.

Coming to photography, then S7 Edge produced stunning images that can put a few
of the point-and-shoot cameras to shame. The main camera offers a Pro mode,
which lets you choose all settings yourself like in professional cameras.
Colours were true to the original under natural light, while slight casts
produced under artificial light sources were easily removable in post
processing. Most of the users are unlikely to notice the subtle difference in
colours. Native print size is 10.08 x 13.44 inches at 300ppi. At 25 percent of
the screen size, there was no perceptible noise at any ISO, and all were
perfectly usable. Viewed at 50 percent, we observed slight noise from ISO 400
onwards, observable only if you look closely. The images were usable up to ISO
400. ISO 800 appeared soft due to the extravagant noise-reduction applied by the
processor. At 100 percent view, noise could be seen at all ISOs, but ISO 100
could be used in an emergency. This time, we decided to test the Raw (DNG) file
from the camera at ISO 800. We applied noise-reduction carefully and then
sharpened this image further, layer-by-layer in Adobe Camera Raw, and the result
was much better than the out-of-the-box JPEGs. So if you know your way around
Raw files, the S7 edge has a great camera for impromptu photo ops.



Value for Money

The Samsung Galaxy S7 edge retails at the moment on Samsung website for
Rs.56,900. This price is certainly on the higher side, but prices keep falling
fast in the smartphone world, and we are optimistic that it will do in the case
of the S7 edge too.

Plus

* Impressive features

* Stylish design

* Superior performance

* High-capacity battery

* Fast charging

* Very responsive

* Excellent camera

* Expandable memory

Minus

* No USB Type C

* Very expensive

Verdict

The Galaxy S7 edge is arguably Samsung's best smartphone to date, and the
company has successfully packed an impressive array of features in this device.
It is looks like a perfect marriage of hardware, style and performance. Need we
say we are impressed?

Key Specifications

Display: 13.95cm (5.5 inches) dual edge Super AMOLED

Resolution (Main Display): 2560 x 1440 (Quad HD)

Colour Depth (Main Display): 16M

Best Video Quality: 3840 x 2160(4K, UHD)@30fps

Main Camera sensor: Dual Pixel 12.0 MP CMOS

Max Aperture: f/1.7

Flash: Available

Auto Focus: Available

Front Camera sensor: 5.0 MP CMOS

Max. Aperture: f/1.7

Processor: Samsung Exynos Octa 8890 processor (4 x 2.6GHz, 4 x 1.59GHz )

Memory: RAM 4 GB; ROM (Internal Memory) 32 GB; Available Memory (Available to
user) 24.4 GB

External Memory Support: MicroSD (Up to 200GB)

SIM: Dual Nano-SIM (4FF)

NFC: Yes

OS: Android

Battery: 3600mAh non-removable

Dimension (HxWxD): 150.9 x 72.6 x 7.7mm

Weight: 157g

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


         Copyright 2016 Next Gen Publishing, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             372 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            October 21, 2016 Friday

Galaxy S7 regains popularity

BYLINE: By Lee Min-hyung

LENGTH: 533 words


Absence of Note 7 boosts S7 sales

Samsung Galaxy S7Samsung Electronics' flagship handset Galaxy S7 is regaining
popularity as the nation's best-selling smartphone, filling the tech giant's
void in sales left by its ill-fated Galaxy Note 7.

According to market consultancy Atlas Research, the S7 was the No. 1 in handset
sales here between Oct. 6 and 12. The nation's three mobile carriers - SK
Telecom, KT and LG Uplus - estimate that they combined to sell some 15,000 S7s
each day on average, after Samsung Electronics officially terminated sales and
production of the Note 7 devices, Oct. 11, amid growing safety concerns after
fires were reported.

Given that mobile carriers consider a daily sales record of 10,000 as a big hit,
expectations are that most original or replacement Note 7 users have opted for
the S7 handset.

'Local handset customers still remain loyal to Samsung products, as the S7 is
selling well even six months after its launch in March,' said a telecom industry
source, asking for anonymity.

The withdrawal of the Note 7 by Samsung was feared to undermine the firm's brand
image to some extent, but the robust sales of S7s reflect that it is recovering
from the debacle, according to the source.

'Earlier expectations were that disappointed Note 7 users were likely to migrate
to other premium handsets, such as iPhone 7 or LG's V20,' he said. 'It is true
that the unprecedented recall has been and will drive sales of its competitors -
Apple and LG - more or less. But at least in the Korean market, Samsung has
enough room for a rebound even before its new models debut as amply demonstrated
by the renewed popularity of the S7.'

In a bid to minimize damages from the recall, Samsung previously announced a
series of compensation options for Note 7 users - including offering mobile gift
certificates

On Thursday, the company hinted of another follow-up measure, helping buyers of
Note 7s to receive benefits when buying Samsung's upcoming Galaxy S8 smartphone,
which will debut early next year.

'We are going to make enough efforts for our customers to continue to use our
new model to be unveiled next year,' Kim Jin-hae, senior vice president at
Samsung Electronics, said on a visit to a retail store in southern Seoul,
Thursday.

Science, ICT and Future Planning Minister Choi Yang-hee also urged Samsung to
come up with further compensation measures as a way to minimize customers'
inconvenience.

'The issue should be resolved to reduce damages to customers and retail stores,'
said the minister.

Given that safety problems have been at the center of the controversy, the
company should make more of an active effort to offer additional compensation to
complete its refund and exchange package as soon as possible, he added.

Samsung is expected to announce detailed plans over the program soon.

Meanwhile, Australian technology news site Ausdroid covered a story Thursday
about a group of fishermen who would have been dead without the S7's waterproof
function.

According to the report, a 29-year-old man and his three friends were able to
stay in contact with emergency services through his S7 handset when their boat
was inundated in the wake of stormy offshore weather near Melbourne.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             373 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday

Samsung profits beat estimates thanks to Galaxy S7

LENGTH: 388 words


Samsung Electronics performed better than expected in the first quarter, largely
driven by the upbeat sales of its flagship Galaxy S7 smartphone.

The Korean tech giant said Thursday in a regulatory filing that its operating
profit in the first three months this year was likely 6.6 trillion won ($5.7
billion), well above the average 5.6 trillion won estimate by local analysts.

Pedestrians pass a Samsung Electronics retail store in Seocho-dong, southern
Seoul, on Thursday. (Yonhap)

The figure is up more than 10 percent from a year ago. Revenue also likely rose
4 percent to about 49 trillion won, the company said.

The tech giant did not disclose full earnings details of its separate business
divisions. The final results will be announced later this month.

The Galaxy S7 played a key role in restoring the company's profits. The phone
has sold more than 10 million units globally since its launch on March 11. Its
sales in the key markets such as the U.S. and Europe are almost double that of
its predecessor S6.

Despite praise for its upgraded design and functions, the Galaxy S6 suffered
lukewarm sales. Especially the company missed strong demand for the Edge model
due to supply constraints.

The latest Galaxy S7 may not be very different in overall styling but has
improved key features such as the DSLR-level camera, water resistance and
battery capacity. The company has also limited the number of countries where the
curvy models are being launched while beefing up their production overall.

The semiconductor business division suffered price cuts of memory chips on soft
global demand for electronics but its high-end products such as 3D NAND flash
chips helped it maintain profitability.

"The mobile business division, led by Galaxy S7 sales, is expected to post 3.5
trillion won in operating profit, while the semiconductor division is likely to
see some 2.7 trillion won in profit," said Roh Geun-chang, an analyst at HMC
Investment and Securities.

Lee Seung-woo, an analyst at IBK Investment and Securities, predicted the
company's mobile business division could see a modest drop in profit in the
second quarter.

"As new phone launches are being planned by rivals, Samsung is likely to spend
more on marketing in Q2. The mobile business division is estimated to post a 2.7
trillion won profit," he said.

By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             374 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           November 7, 2015 Saturday

Samsung Galaxy S7 may be cheaper than Galaxy S6

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 192 words


NEW DELHI: In the increasingly competitive top-end segment of smartphone,
Samsung may play the price warrior in order to lure buyers.

According to China-based analyst Pan Jiutang, Samsung is considering pricing its
next flagship smartphone Galaxy S7 approximately 10% lower at launch than the
predecessor Galaxy S6. This would make the top Samsung smartphone of 2016 a much
cheaper device compared to handsets by the likes of Apple, HTC, Sony, LG etc.

A few months after the official launch of Galaxy S6 and S6 edge, Samsung gave an
official price cut to the two smartphones in order to "maintain momentum." The
company is facing tremendous competition at the top end from Apple, while
smartphone makers like Xiaomi and Lenovo are chipping away at its sales at the
lower end of the price bracket.

In a price-sensitive market like India, a 10% lower price tag may help Samsung
push sales of Galaxy S7 considering the new iPhone 6S (Rs 62,000) and iPhone 6S
Plus (Rs 72,000) are out of the reach of most buyers.

However, the launch of Samsung Galaxy S7 is at least 2-3 month away, so the
final pricing decision may change.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             375 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                              July 29, 2016 Friday

Samsung profit tops estimates on S7

LENGTH: 548  words


Samsung Electronics Co reported second-quarter profit that beat analysts'
estimates, fueled by stronger sales of Galaxy S7 smartphones and aggressive cost
cuts.

Visitors test Samsung Galaxy S7 edge smartphones at its showroom in Seoul.
[Photo/Agencies]

Samsung Electronics Co reported second-quarter profit that beat analysts'
estimates, fueled by stronger sales of Galaxy S7 smartphones and aggressive cost
cuts.

Net income, excluding minority interests, was 5.83 trillion won ($5.1 billion)
in the period, the Suwon, South Korea-based company said in a filing on
Thursday.

That compared with the 5.64 trillion won average of estimates compiled by
Bloomberg. The company also announced a 1.79 trillion won share buyback, the
final stage of a plan announced last year.

Samsung has benefited from sluggish sales of iPhones as US wireless carriers
promoted the Galaxy S7 for high-end consumers, helping reduce marketing
expenses. That could change in the second half as the company faces new models
from Apple Inc.

Lower prices for semiconductors and displays have also helped sales of the
company's other consumer electronics.

"The smartphone and TV divisions led the earnings surprise for the quarter,"
said Greg Roh, an analyst at HMC Investment Securities in Seoul.

"Samsung did well in the first half, but it's a matter of how well it could
defend itself from the overall downside risks in the second half."

Shares of Samsung fell 1.3 percent to 1,507,000 won at the close of trade. The
stock has gained 20 percent this year after three straight annual declines.

"We will be implementing very active marketing activities in the second half to
drive up actual purchases and through this, we plan to continue to maintain
overall sales of our premium handsets," Lee Kyeong-tae, vice-president of the
mobile communications business, told a conference call.

Samsung will unveil its next-generation Note device with larger displays on Aug
2 in New York, Brazil and in London, the company said. While the company is
finalizing its capital spending plans, it expects a slight increase from the
year earlier.

Revenue was 50.9 trillion won in the second quarter, slightly higher than the 50
trillion won of its July 7 preliminary earnings announcement.

Samsung's earnings came the same day that June quarter data on the global market
were released, showing the fastest growth coming from Chinese vendors. Samsung
maintained its global leadership and shipped 3.4 percent more smartphones, while
those at fourth-ranked Oppo Electronics Corp more than doubled and fifth-placed
vivo Mobile Communication Technology Co Ltd jumped 62 percent, according to data
from Counterpoint Research.

Research company Canalys said the worldwide smartphone market grew modestly in
the second quarter after a disappointing first quarter.

Global shipments reached over 330 million units, with Samsung leading the market
with shipments around 80 million units.

It said Apple shipped 40 million iPhones in the quarter, a second consecutive
annual decline in shipments. In third place, Huawei Technologies Co's shipments
increased to 31 million on the back of record shipments in China and continued
growth in Europe, the Middle East and Africa.

Bloomberg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/82/146974872732.jpg

b083fe955aa11904d01d04.jpg

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             376 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                              March 7, 2016 Monday

Samsung Electronics to launch Galaxy S7, S7 Edge on March 8

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 388 words


NEW DELHI: Samsung Electronics will start selling its latest flagship
smartphones, the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge, on March 8 in India, just 15 days
after their global launch on February 21. That's among the shortest interval
ever, reflecting how crucial India is to the South Korean company as it seeks to
fend off competition from Apple in the premium segment (Rs 30,000 and upward).

The company declined to reveal pricing or other details about the devices, but
experts peg the S7 to start at Rs 52,000 and the Edge at Rs 59,000. Some feel
Samsung may keep prices even lower, given the intense competition.

Samsung is looking to wrest back its leadership of the premium smartphone
segment from Apple, which took the No 1 spot in the October-December quarter,
although the South Korean company led the segment for all of 2015. India's
premium segment is about 5% of the overall smartphone market by volume but
accounts for about 25% by value.

The devices are being made in Samsung's Indian plant and they may be bundled
with virtual reality headsets, said people aware of the matter. This may be seen
as another way of giving priority to India, which has become the second largest
mobile phone market by unique users, surpassing the US and only trailing China.

Samsung wants to build on the success of the S6, which drew acclaim for design
and innovative features. It's also looking to make the most of a quarter that's
usually slow for rivals, especially Apple. Marketing will be aggressive,
analysts said. ET recently reported that the company will spend Rs 100 crore on
marketing in India.

But not only is Apple also said to be planning a new phone, Samsung has to
contend with other brands as well.

"Samsung will have a lot more competition this time, with the rumoured iPhone
5Se coming in the time of the year when Apple is usually slow, and LG's G5 and
Xiaomi's Mi 5, which are going to be aggressive in terms of pricing and
positioning," said Tarun Pathak, senior analyst, Counterpoint Research.

The South Korean company will need to be cautious about pricing, he said.

"Samsung will also have to arrest its declining average sale prices, so they
should not be pricing the flagship devices very high and then correcting them
later on, and lose out on customers in the meantime," Pathak said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             377 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung S7 & S7 Edge: First impressions from the much-awaited Galaxy S series!

BYLINE: Karan Bajaj

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 612 words


Samsung launched two new flagship smartphones in the Galaxy S series in
Barcelona Spain - Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge. Both devices are expected to be
launched in India mid-march 2016.

Whats's New

Both the S7 and S7 Edge come with several improvements over their predecessors.
Both phones have a Hybrid slot for storage expansion and support up to 200GB
cards. They are also IP68 certified for water and dust resistance - can be
submerged in 1 meter of water for up to 30 minutes. The other main update is to
the camera - both phones feature a 12MP camera with f1.7 aperture and optical
image stabilization. Battery capacities have also been increased along with
support for fast charging and wireless charging.

Look & feel

In terms of design, Samsung has chosen to continue with the design of the S6 and
S6 Edge as everyone loved them. However, there are subtle changes on the new
phones - the chrome grill around the home button, rim and the chrome finish
speaker grill is replaced by same body color finish as the phone. The rear
camera hump is also reduced than the predecessor. The overall finish continues
to be glossy, but the phones feel much better to hold in hand compared to the
S6/S6 Edge.

Display

Display remains unchanged on the phones - both S7 and S7 Edge have a super
amoled panel with a resolution of 2560 x 1440 pixels. While the S7 has a
5.1-inch screen, the S7 Edge features a 5.5-inch dual curved display. Both phone
use Gorilla Glass for protections. As usual with Samsung S series display - both
phones have excellent brightness and show vivid colors. A new feature by Samsung
is the option of an always-on display that can show time, calendar as well as
notifications without the phone to be woken up.

Hardware

Hardware has been upgraded to meet the competition for 2016. The S7 and S7 Edge
come with octa core/quad core processor (market dependent), 4GB RAM and 32GB
internal storage. While the S7 has a 3,000mAh battery, the S7 Edge come with a
3,600mAh battery. Both phone have 4G connectivity, WiFiac, WiFi Direct, NFC and
Bluetooth 4.2. You also get a fingerprint scanner along with plethora of sensors
- accelerometer, proximity, RGB light, geo-magnetic, gyro, barometer, hall
sensor and a heart rate monitor.

Software

The phones come out of the box with TouchWiz UI running on Android 6.0. While
the user interface is more or less similar to the S6, there are a few new
features added. There is a dedicated game launcher which lets you optimize the
game performance In order to improve battery life. Game tools puts a hovering
button in your game using which you can block incoming calls and notification,
record your gaming session or take a screenshot. For the S7 Edge, the Edge UX
now supports two rows of icons as well as improved notifications.

Camera

You get a 12MP dual pixel sensor with f1.7 aperture, phase detection autofocus
and LED flash. The front 5MP camera also has f1.7 aperture with auto HDR
feature. In our usage, the camera impressed us with instant focus - fastest we
have seen on any smartphone to date. Performance was also fantastic - images
captured great details, rich colors with minimal noise. Low light photos were
also great thanks to the f1.7 aperture but there was visible noise in darker
areas. Compared to the S6 and S6 Edge, camera performance felt much improved
overall.

Conclusion

Both the S7 and S7 Edge come with multiple new features over the predecessors.
However, they will be counted as incremental updates which will be a letdown for
existing S6 and S6 Edge owners. However, if you were waiting for the new Samsung
flagship devices, both the S7 and S7 Edge check all the right boxes.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             378 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 29, 2016 Thursday 3:20 PM GMT

Samsung Galaxy S8: Release date, price, specs and other rumours about the next
generation smartphone;
If the latest rumours are to be believed, Samsung is going to pack some serious
power into its next smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 644 words


Samsung's next flagship smartphone will have to be the best one its ever
produced.

Firstly, the South Korean company will have to overcome the disastrous rollout
of the exploding Galaxy Note 7. And secondly, there's the small matter of the
iPhone 7 to compete with.

Although it's unlikely that we'll see the next Samsung Galaxy phone much before
March 2017, there are already supposed leaks showing up online.

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Specs, price, screen size, news and rumours about
Google's new Android smartphones

Whilst Apple appears to refine and strip down its phones, Samsung appears to be
going the other way. If the current crop of internet rumours are to be believed,
the company will be throwing everything it has into its next blower.

So, what do we know so far? We've collected all the latest whisperings right
here and will continue to update this piece as we learn more.

How waterproof is the iPhone 7? We put Apple's new smartphone to the test

The most recent news regarding Samsung's next creation is to do with the
processor chips inside the phones themselves.

A report on Samsung-watching site SamMobile hit on the fact that the S8 may
include an Exynos 8895 processor coupled with a Mali-G71 GPU. According to the
site, that means the new phone will be up to 1.8 times more powerful than the
already-impressive Galaxy S7.

What's more, SamMobile echoes other sites that suggest the S8 will have a
5.2-inch 4K-capable display. The reason? Samsung's pushing heavily into virtual
reality and having a powerful screen resolution means you can use the phone in
VR headsets like the Samsung Galaxy Gear and Google Cardboard.

We might not know anything concrete about the Galaxy S8 release date for months
yet, but thankfully it's a relatively easy thing to predict.

What makes phone batteries explode? And what to do if YOU bought Samsung's
Galaxy Note 7

Samsung's Galaxy phones have (since the S2 in 2011) been announced at or around
the time of the Mobile World Congress (MWC) event in Barcelona. It happens each
year in late February or early March. This lets Samsung have its phones on the
shelves by the end of March or, more likely, early April.

The 2017 Mobile World Congress event will take place from February 27 to March
2. Meaning we can expect a new Samsung announcement around February 26 or 27
next year.

As with Apple's iPhones, the Samsung Galaxy handsets have more or less plateaued
when it comes to price. The current 32GB S7 comes in at £569 whilst the slightly
larger S7 edge is £639. It's unlikely that Samsung's new phones will deviate too
far from this kind of pricing. So you better start saving.

iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7: Which smartphone is best when Apple and Samsung go
toe-to-toe?

What could change things is if Samsung decides to offer multiple storage
options. At the moment you can only get the S7 with 32GB of storage. If Samsung
opts to increase this to 64GB or even 128GB the price could increase also.

However, the company could also keep the storage space as it is and instead
include the capacity of the microSD card slot.

Aside from the aforementioned 4K screen, there are a few rumours circulating
about what kind of power the S8 may have under the bonnet.

Samsung's cameras have been exceptionally good recently, but the proliferation
of dual-lens snappers from the likes of Apple, Huawei and LG may inspire it to
follow suit. According to tech site Trusted Reviews , Samsung is indeed planning
to include dual-lens cameras in its next phone.

Samsung to start selling second-hand Galaxy S7 smartphones 'on the cheap'

A recent leak, reported on by the gadget site Pocket Lint , seems to have a
clear picture of the S8's specs. It says the new phone will pack in 6GB of RAM
and a 30-megapixel camera.

There will also be a 4,200mAh battery which - providing it doesn't explode -
should easily see the phone through 24 hours of solid usage.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             379 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                      August 3, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Samsung Note 7 - What The Geeks Feel About The New Phablet?

BYLINE: Phalgunn Maharishi

LENGTH: 678  words


The launch of Note 7 took the tech fraternity into storm and a lot of tech gurus
are going crazy speaking about its similarities with Galaxy S7 Edge.

After all the recent rumours regarding the new Galaxy Note 7's iris scanner and
other interesting features, Samsung has finally revealed the new smartphone
officially at the Galaxy Note Unpacked 2016 event held in New York, London, and
Rio de Janeiro. While the smartphone has been announced to be available for the
public starting Aug 19, no information regarding the price and market details
have been provided yet.

However, Note 7 is going to be a costly affair for sure -- probably being one of
the most expensive Samsung phones ever. Also, the package is expected to come
with a bundled Samsung Gear VR headset or a 256 GB memory card.

The announcement has definitely taken the whole of tech fraternity into storm
and a lot of tech bloggers and gurus are going crazy about Galaxy Note 7.

"The Note 7 bears a striking resemblance, both in hardware and software, to this
year's S7 Edge," says Darren Orf of Gizmodo in his recent story where he speaks
about everything related to the latest Note installment by Samsung. He also
adds, "The phones are so similar that Samsung drove it home by skipping the Note
6 and declaring its latest phablet the Note 7."

According to Orf, these similarities might be good for the company, as the S7
Edge has definitely been a 'moneymaker' for Samsung. The Note 7 has copied
almost all feature including great camera, waterproof, and a great design. He
also added in his story that both Note and S7 Edge are cannibalizing one
another, rather than the Note being the productivity-minded big brother of past
years.

That didn't stop here. Dan Seifert has also shared a couple of his views
regarding the similarities between Note 7 and S7 Edge on The Verge. He says,
"The Note 7 is virtually indistinguishable from the S7 or S7 Edge. It has the
same Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor (in North America, China, and Japan;
other markets will have Samsung's own Exynos processor), same 4GB of RAM, same
quick charging and quick wireless charging, and same 12-megapixel camera with
f/1.7 lens and optical stabilization as the S7 series."

"I had chance to use the Note 7 briefly ahead of today's announcement, and in
what has become typical Samsung fashion, the device is both visually and
tactilely impressive. The phone's design is a further refinement on the already
very good S7 Edge, and it sits comfortably in the hand, even with its oversized
display. It's symmetry is not only pleasing to look at, but it makes the phone
nicer to hold, as well," says Dan in the same story on The Verge.

However, Dan has also added that he is yet to be convinced though it works
quickly when you hold the phone awkwardly close to your face, similar to what he
experience with the Lumia 950.

Adding to the 'Note 7' storm, Jessica Dolcourt of CNET says, "From what I've
seen so far, the Note 7 should fall in line as a terrific, high-powered device
whose stylus tricks take the Note to the next level. On paper, it corrects the
biggest shortfalls of the Note 5, though our forthcoming testing will confirm
this. But if you already bought an S7 or S7 Edge, don't worry -- you haven't
been left behind."

She also adds, "The funny thing is, Samsung doesn't actually expect you to scan
your peepers every time you want to unlock the phone, the company told me in my
briefing. Instead, iris scans are seen as supplemental, like to get you into the
new, secured Private Folder where you can store things such as a photo of your
passport, banking information or apps you don't want the kids to use."

Amidst all these, Chris Velazco of Engadget seems to be a little unhappy about
the fact that Note 7 comes with a 3,500 mAh battery which is smaller to what
comes with the S7 Edge.

Views and opinions by tech gurus regarding the newly announced Note 7 go on and
on, and almost every geek is speaking about it. However, this is where we end
our summary of a couple of those views and what the geeks feel about the new
phablet.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             380 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                              June 17, 2016 Friday

OnePlus 3 vs Galaxy S7 edge: OnePlus 3 isn't the phone we thought it would be

LENGTH: 317  words


OnePlus 3 goes head to head against Galaxy S7 edge and these results are quite
appalling, showing that the latter is not as impressive as you thought

OnePlus 3 is possibly the first Android smartphone to feature 6GB of RAM and
carries a price of $399. Now, looking at the hardware specifications, you'd
obviously believe that OnePlus finally overcame the limitations of its previous
handsets with a much more improved iteration right? Not quite, because according
to a speed test taking place between the smartphone and Galaxy S7 edge, the
latter is able to prove that it is the better phone, despite receiving numerous
complaints that the device's TouchWiz skin being battery and resource hog.

In the video given below, you will be able to see how a OnePlus 3 is unable to
open up apps faster than a Galaxy S7 edge because it is unable to retain memory
faster than its very first rival, despite featuring 2GB of RAM more than
Samsung's flagship. We would have to conclude that OnePlus developers need to
seriously improve its Oxygen OS in order to reduce the aggressive memory
management software of the OnePlus 3.

This shows the mistake that most manufacturers make; they release a great
smartphone with a flawless build quality and top-notch specifications, only to
be hammered in the software department. Now, for the average user, 6GB of RAM
would prove more than a mouthful for them, but if OnePlus 3 sports this much
memory and is unable to beat a Galaxy S7 edge in loading apps faster, then
OnePlus have a huge problem on their hands.

We expect that news must have reached OnePlus by now, and now they must be
moving with a lot of pace to release a patch that would reduce the aggressive
memory management attribute. Let us hope that such an update is released next
month or else we'll be seeing even more of these comparisons, with OnePlus 3
getting struck with a critique hammer all the time.

Source

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             381 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                       March 14, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Galaxy S7: Should You Upgrade from S6?

BYLINE: Lila Ray

LENGTH: 1019  words


There's competition from other brands on many features, but the S7's overall
package is unbeatable - See more at:
http://www.techtree.com/content/features/10247/galaxy-s7
-should-upgrade-s6.html#sthash.F1sCjj6p.dpThere's competition from other brands
on many features, but the S7's overall package is unbeatable

If you own Samsung's Galaxy S6 or S6 Edge and are thinking of upgrading, let me
help you with the decision.

Let's say you have lots of disposable cash and are a habitual upgrader... then
why think twice -- go right on ahead. Also do tell me where you live.

If you're getting some fantastic buy-back deal, again, why think twice? And
please tell me where the seller lives.

But if you're sitting on the fence, let's look some facts in the eye.

The Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge are beautiful devices. Everyone is saying they're
currently the best-designed phones in the world. But the S6 and S6 Edge are
nearly there as well.

Ever since Samsung went all metal and glass with their flagships, there have
been few complaints. The shades of metal are subtle and elegant. Pick any from
of these four and I'd say they're among the nicest for women, too. They look
elegant and more than once people have referred to them as 'jewelry'.

In the new S7s, the in-hand feel has been improved in some subtle ways. The
camera has been recessed so it doesn't de-balance the device or get damaged. The
grip is somehow much firmer and safer, particularly on the Edge, which earlier
was way too slippery for comfort. Though one may still need to protect it with a
case, at least you have the option of carrying it without that sometimes. Like
hand-candy.

But is any of this alone enough to recommend an upgrade from the S6? I think
not.

From a lower Samsung or other model, an upgrade is definitely warranted.

Wait though, the new S7s are waterproof. And very waterproof. You can dip them
into a bowl of water and they can stay there for a good half hour and still
work. In fact they don't stop working when submerged.

This IP68 'weatherproofing' certification is a huge deal to many, but think
whether you're one of them. Do you habitually spill beer on your phone? Or
weirdly, take it into the shower? When it rains, do you absolutely have to use
it just then? I know I use my phone all day and haven't really found myself
crying that it wasn't waterproof, but hey, you know yourself best and can see if
this is a deal breaker for you.

If you're looking to switch from the Galaxy line though, Sony's Xperia Z5 is
also IP68 waterproof -- in fact, they started the trend. This one would mean a
step down in some specs such as screen resolution, but yes, it would be a
different experience at about the same price.

The S7s have a new Exynos processor and more RAM. But do you really need it?
Currently, when people are saying it's the best time to buy the S6s, would you
really want the next generation? With or without the extra power, the device is
probably going to lag sometime because Samsung's TouchWhiz interface is prone to
lag and slowing down.

AWESOME VR

Unless they change something dramatically in software, the extra power is not
going to be a killer reason for someone to upgrade from the S6s. Unless you're a
gamer. The gaming experience has been enhanced and nuanced with more options and
the power to use them.

If you prebook an S7 device immediately, you will get a Gear VR headset free.
Now that is a big deal. The experience with virtual reality is awesome and
though there isn't a ton you can do with it right now, new content is going to
shoot up in availability.

So I would argue that the free headset is certainly a big lure, but if you don't
see yourself even trying it out, drop the idea. Also drop it if you have
vertigo. The VR experience is beginning to arrive on other devices such as the
HTC Vive headset, but it's wildly expensive. Those interested could just opt for
Google Cardboard for now.

The S7 Edge has a little extra going on, on the edge now. You slide out a tab
and a panel slips out and can be populated with all sorts of stuff such as your
most-used apps, the weather, Yahoo news, tasks, contacts, etc. It's very
attractive and handy, but not hugely essential as you already have some of it
already on the S6 Edge. So again, not a killer reason.

Samsung is offering, with the S7 devices, a bouquet of services through its
Galaxy Apps. A concierge service will take care of all sorts of things for you,
from cab and flight booking to food ordering. Now, such concierge services are
available to anyone and Samsung's are a tie-up with Haptik. But only owners of
the S7 phones will get the special discounts offered and additionally lots of
VIP treatment if you ever need to take your device to the service centre --
which you should hope not.

The S7s also have a memory card slot, are dual SIM, and have more battery power.
These are all improvements that are desirable but not must-have.

What is in fact a big reason to upgrade from the S6 devices is the improved
camera on the S7 devices. These see a drop in resolution to 12MP and a wider
f1.7 aperture. The camera on the S6 is also really good but this is a few
notches better, especially in low light. Tests are showing it beat the iPhone 6s
Plus on most parameters making it the best camera phone around right now. For
the first time, you could actually leave your high-end point and shoot at home
now when you go on vacation. So, if you're a confirmed photography enthusiast
the better camera could be a good reason to upgrade.

Difficult lighting, such as indoor low light, backlit-subject images, is where
the Galaxy S7 and Edge excels

At the moment, the most viable alternative to the S7s would be the iPhone, which
I see is Rs 54,000 on Amazon for the 64GB version. Although comparisons have put
the S7s on top, the iPhone still takes fantastic photographs.

The LG G5, not yet launched in India, would also turn out to be an interesting
alternative, but I'd still put the S7 duo ahead of it.

Lila Ray is a corporate consultant who likes her gadgets almost more than her
shoes. Write to her at raylila@outlook.com

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             382 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            March 12, 2016 Saturday

Galaxy S7 to ensure superior performance

SECTION: Vol. 30 No. 9

LENGTH: 171  words


Samsung recently launched its next flagship product-line - the Galaxy S7, Galaxy
S7 Edge and Edge Plus. This innovative range of smartphones is enriched with
powerful camera features, Octa Core processor, 4GB RAM and Android Marshmallow
Operating System, to ensure superior performance.

The Galaxy S7 introduces a technologically innovated and powerful 12.2 Mega
Pixel camera that uses 56 percent bigger pixels, with an enhanced capacity to
let in 25 percent more light. This reduces the strain on the processor, enabling
you to capture sharp and vivid pictures, with more ease and speed.

The device is also enriched with an 8 MP Front-facing camera for sharper Selfies
and a Dual Video call feature.

The Auto-Focus has also been improved substantially, as Samsung's new Dual-Pixel
Sensor Technology (BRITECELL) offers lightning-quick sharpness - bringing the
camera at par with the high-performance, premium devices, while the Optical
Image-Stabilizing technology ensures great results and clearer imaging, even
with a shaky hand.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             383 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                            March 12, 2016 Saturday

Samsung Galaxy S7 introduces a technologically innovated 12.2MP camera with
powerful features.

SECTION: Vol. 08 No. 72

LENGTH: 174  words


Samsung has recently launched its next Flagship product-line - the Galaxy S7,
Galaxy S7 Edge and Edge Plus. This innovative range of smartphones is enriched
with powerful camera features, Octa Core processor, 4GB RAM and Android
Marshmallow Operating System, to ensure superior performance, on-the-go.

The Galaxy S7 introduces a technologically innovated and powerful 12.2 Mega
Pixel camera that uses 56 percent bigger pixels, with an enhanced capacity to
let in 25 percent more light. This reduces the strain on the processor, enabling
you to capture sharp and vivid pictures, with more ease and speed. The device is
also enriched with an 8 MP Front-facing camera for sharper Selfies and a Dual
Video call feature.

The Auto-Focus has also been improved substantially, as Samsung's new Dual-Pixel
Sensor Technology (BRITECELL) offers lightning-quick sharpness - bringing the
camera at par with the high-performance, premium devices, while the Optical
Image-Stabilizing technology ensures great results and clearer imaging, even
with a shaky hand.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                             384 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                              June 10, 2016 Friday

Spotlight: Samsung's newest inclusion to the Galaxy S7 series, the S7 Active

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 689 words


Samsung Galaxy S7 Active

Samsung has added another variant to the Galaxy S7 series the S7 Active.The
phone is IP68 certified for dust and water resistance as well as certified for
resistance against humidity, thermal shock and solar radiation. Now, you can't
have all of this without adding a little bulk the phone weighs 185 grams and is
9.9mm thick. However, it does not cut corners on the hardware: you get a
Snapdragon 820 processor, 4GB RAM, 3264GB storage and a large, 4,000mAh battery.
The 5.1-inch super amoled 2k resolution display has been updated with a
shatter-resistant screen. You also get the same fantastic 12MP camera as the S7
(to recap, it has a f1.7 aperture and OIS) along with a front 5MP camera with
f1.7 aperture.The phone runs Android 6.0 and offers 4G, WiFi ac, WiFi Direct,
Bluetooth 4.2 and NFC connectivity. An additional shortcut button is also added
above volume keys that can be configured to launch a favorite app. No details on
price and availability for international markets has been announced so far.

Samsung Gear Fit 2

The second generation Gear Fit from Samsung features a 1.5-inch super amoled
display and a heart rate sensor. It can track up to 15 different fitness
activities including walking, yoga, treadmill, running and so on (apart from the
usual steps, distance, sleep and calories burnt) . The curved display has a
resolution of 432 x 216 pixels and the band is IP68 certified for water
resistance.Hardware includes 4GB storage, 512MB RAM and 200mAh battery. The band
runs Tizen OS and is compatible with smartphones running Android 4.4 and above
(no support for iOS devices at the moment).Samsung claims the Gear Fit 2 will
give you a battery life will of up to 5 days. Priced at US$179, it will be
available in international markets from June 10th onwards.

SOL-ONE

The SOL-ONE is a unique looking air purifier that does more than just purify
air. It's a smart air purifier that can be controlled via your smartphone and
has a built-in ionizer. It even doubles up as an air freshener (adds scent to
the air) and a mood lighting system (over 8,000 colour tones supported).Another
highlight of the SOL-ONE is that it uses a washable, wet textile layer to filter
particles in the air yes, the filtering system does not need any replacements.
It consumes up to 10W electricity at full capacity and it can be completely
automated using the smartphone app \xAD you can set it to analyse an air sample
of the room and accordingly adjust the fan speed for faster purification. The
purifier campaign is currently live on Indiegogo and you can pre-book one for
US$449 plus shipping.

Withings Body Cardio

Withings is a well-known name when it comes to smart, connected digital weighing
scales. Their new offering, Body Cardio, can track a user's weight, body mass,
per centage of water in body as well as heart rate. What's even more amazing is
that it does this with you just standing on the scale with bare feet. What sets
the Body Cardio apart is that it can track the hearts pulse wave velocity a
measurement of blood flow in the arteries that can help detect high blood
pressure. As with their previous connected scales, Body Cardio also has built-in
WiFi and will sync all data with a smartphone app wirelessly. Priced at US$180,
the Body Cardio scale can be ordered on http:www.withings.com.

Image: Withings (Twitter)

Lumigon T3

This is the world's first smartphone with a night vision camera. It has a 13MP
primary camera with dual tone flash, phase detection autofocus and a separate
4MP camera module with dual infra-red LEDs for night vision capabilities. The
phone is the company's flagship device with a metal chassis that holds a
4.8-inch amoled HD display. Inside is a Helio X10 processor, 3GB RAM, 128GB
storage and it runs Android 6.0. Other features include a fingerprint scanner,
dual SIM slots, a touch-sensitive area on the back panel for control, IR
transceiver, stereo speakers, wireless charging and a temperature sensor. Priced
at US$ 740 onwards, you can order one from http:www.lumigon.com (excludes
shipping and customs).

Image: Lumigon (Twitter)

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             385 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                              April 1, 2016 Friday

Samsung seen rediscovering mobile mojo with Galaxy S7

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 475 words


Reuters

SEOUL

Early indications of stronger-than-expected sales of new Galaxy S7 smartphones
suggest technology giant Samsung Electronics is emerging from a two-year decline
at its flagship mobile business.

Squeezed by Apple in premium products and undercut by Chinese rivals like Huawei
in cheaper devices, Samsung's smartphone profits and global market share have
fallen and sapped momentum at South Korea's most valuable company.

But several brokerages on Wednesday upgraded first-quarter forecasts for what is
still the world's top smartphone-maker, citing a strong start for the Galaxy S7
and S7 edge premium phones that were launched earlier this month.

Samsung likely shipped 9.5 million S7 phones in the first quarter, significantly
more than the initial estimate for 7 million, Jay Yoo, industry analyst at Korea
Investment &Securities, wrote in a report.

"It looks like the sell-in numbers have been pretty good and analysts are
raising their sales forecasts for the S7 this year," noted HDC Asset Management
fund manager Park Jung-hoon.

"The firm is pushing up volume in the mid-to-low tier to protect market share.
Starting S7 sales about a month earlier than the S6 to take advantage of Apple
not having new products out yet was also a good move."

Getting Samsung's mobile business back on track is important for vice chairman
Jay Y Lee, the de facto leader of family-run conglomerate Samsung Group, to show
his ability to manage the sprawling electronics-to-fashion business, some
investors say.

Samsung shares gained as much as 2.4 per cent on Wednesday to an 18-week high.
The stock is up by more than a fifth since mid-January following a 22-per-cent
slide over the previous three months.

Better, but not so different

The two Galaxy S7 models have won acclaim for their sleek design and the return
from previous models of features such as micro SD card storage support and water
resistance, though analysts noted the phones offer only incremental upgrades and
don't look very different to their predecessors.

Analysts had previously lowered their expectations amid signs of a further
slowdown in demand for consumer electronics, and investors took little heed
earlier this month when Samsung's new mobile chief Koh Dong-jin said S7 models
would outsell previous models following better-than-expected pre-orders.

Samsung's January-March operating profit was expected to fall 16 per cent from a
year earlier to 5.2 trillion won (Bt158 billion) â[#x20ac]" the lowest in six
quarters â[#x20ac]" according to a Thomson Reuters StarMine Smart Estimate
derived from a survey of 31 analysts.

But the Korea Economic Daily newspaper, citing an unnamed source, said Samsung's
quarterly profit will top 6 trillion won on S7 sales and a weaker South Korean
won. Samsung said its earnings were not yet finalised, and it declined comment
on sales or shipments for the new handsets.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             386 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                              April 1, 2016 Friday

Samsung seen rediscovering mobile mojo with Galaxy S7

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 475 words


Reuters

SEOUL

Early indications of stronger-than-expected sales of new Galaxy S7 smartphones
suggest technology giant Samsung Electronics is emerging from a two-year decline
at its flagship mobile business.

Squeezed by Apple in premium products and undercut by Chinese rivals like Huawei
in cheaper devices, Samsung's smartphone profits and global market share have
fallen and sapped momentum at South Korea's most valuable company.

But several brokerages on Wednesday upgraded first-quarter forecasts for what is
still the world's top smartphone-maker, citing a strong start for the Galaxy S7
and S7 edge premium phones that were launched earlier this month.

Samsung likely shipped 9.5 million S7 phones in the first quarter, significantly
more than the initial estimate for 7 million, Jay Yoo, industry analyst at Korea
Investment &Securities, wrote in a report.

"It looks like the sell-in numbers have been pretty good and analysts are
raising their sales forecasts for the S7 this year," noted HDC Asset Management
fund manager Park Jung-hoon.

"The firm is pushing up volume in the mid-to-low tier to protect market share.
Starting S7 sales about a month earlier than the S6 to take advantage of Apple
not having new products out yet was also a good move."

Getting Samsung's mobile business back on track is important for vice chairman
Jay Y Lee, the de facto leader of family-run conglomerate Samsung Group, to show
his ability to manage the sprawling electronics-to-fashion business, some
investors say.

Samsung shares gained as much as 2.4 per cent on Wednesday to an 18-week high.
The stock is up by more than a fifth since mid-January following a 22-per-cent
slide over the previous three months.

Better, but not so different

The two Galaxy S7 models have won acclaim for their sleek design and the return
from previous models of features such as micro SD card storage support and water
resistance, though analysts noted the phones offer only incremental upgrades and
don't look very different to their predecessors.

Analysts had previously lowered their expectations amid signs of a further
slowdown in demand for consumer electronics, and investors took little heed
earlier this month when Samsung's new mobile chief Koh Dong-jin said S7 models
would outsell previous models following better-than-expected pre-orders.

Samsung's January-March operating profit was expected to fall 16 per cent from a
year earlier to 5.2 trillion won (Bt158 billion) â[#x20ac]" the lowest in six
quarters â[#x20ac]" according to a Thomson Reuters StarMine Smart Estimate
derived from a survey of 31 analysts.

But the Korea Economic Daily newspaper, citing an unnamed source, said Samsung's
quarterly profit will top 6 trillion won on S7 sales and a weaker South Korean
won. Samsung said its earnings were not yet finalised, and it declined comment
on sales or shipments for the new handsets.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             387 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                              April 1, 2016 Friday

Samsung seen rediscovering mobile mojo with Galaxy S7

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 475 words


Reuters

SEOUL

Early indications of stronger-than-expected sales of new Galaxy S7 smartphones
suggest technology giant Samsung Electronics is emerging from a two-year decline
at its flagship mobile business.

Squeezed by Apple in premium products and undercut by Chinese rivals like Huawei
in cheaper devices, Samsung's smartphone profits and global market share have
fallen and sapped momentum at South Korea's most valuable company.

But several brokerages on Wednesday upgraded first-quarter forecasts for what is
still the world's top smartphone-maker, citing a strong start for the Galaxy S7
and S7 edge premium phones that were launched earlier this month.

Samsung likely shipped 9.5 million S7 phones in the first quarter, significantly
more than the initial estimate for 7 million, Jay Yoo, industry analyst at Korea
Investment &Securities, wrote in a report.

"It looks like the sell-in numbers have been pretty good and analysts are
raising their sales forecasts for the S7 this year," noted HDC Asset Management
fund manager Park Jung-hoon.

"The firm is pushing up volume in the mid-to-low tier to protect market share.
Starting S7 sales about a month earlier than the S6 to take advantage of Apple
not having new products out yet was also a good move."

Getting Samsung's mobile business back on track is important for vice chairman
Jay Y Lee, the de facto leader of family-run conglomerate Samsung Group, to show
his ability to manage the sprawling electronics-to-fashion business, some
investors say.

Samsung shares gained as much as 2.4 per cent on Wednesday to an 18-week high.
The stock is up by more than a fifth since mid-January following a 22-per-cent
slide over the previous three months.

Better, but not so different

The two Galaxy S7 models have won acclaim for their sleek design and the return
from previous models of features such as micro SD card storage support and water
resistance, though analysts noted the phones offer only incremental upgrades and
don't look very different to their predecessors.

Analysts had previously lowered their expectations amid signs of a further
slowdown in demand for consumer electronics, and investors took little heed
earlier this month when Samsung's new mobile chief Koh Dong-jin said S7 models
would outsell previous models following better-than-expected pre-orders.

Samsung's January-March operating profit was expected to fall 16 per cent from a
year earlier to 5.2 trillion won (Bt158 billion) â[#x20ac]" the lowest in six
quarters â[#x20ac]" according to a Thomson Reuters StarMine Smart Estimate
derived from a survey of 31 analysts.

But the Korea Economic Daily newspaper, citing an unnamed source, said Samsung's
quarterly profit will top 6 trillion won on S7 sales and a weaker South Korean
won. Samsung said its earnings were not yet finalised, and it declined comment
on sales or shipments for the new handsets.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             388 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                              April 1, 2016 Friday

Samsung seen rediscovering mobile mojo with Galaxy S7

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 475 words


Reuters

SEOUL

Early indications of stronger-than-expected sales of new Galaxy S7 smartphones
suggest technology giant Samsung Electronics is emerging from a two-year decline
at its flagship mobile business.

Squeezed by Apple in premium products and undercut by Chinese rivals like Huawei
in cheaper devices, Samsung's smartphone profits and global market share have
fallen and sapped momentum at South Korea's most valuable company.

But several brokerages on Wednesday upgraded first-quarter forecasts for what is
still the world's top smartphone-maker, citing a strong start for the Galaxy S7
and S7 edge premium phones that were launched earlier this month.

Samsung likely shipped 9.5 million S7 phones in the first quarter, significantly
more than the initial estimate for 7 million, Jay Yoo, industry analyst at Korea
Investment &Securities, wrote in a report.

"It looks like the sell-in numbers have been pretty good and analysts are
raising their sales forecasts for the S7 this year," noted HDC Asset Management
fund manager Park Jung-hoon.

"The firm is pushing up volume in the mid-to-low tier to protect market share.
Starting S7 sales about a month earlier than the S6 to take advantage of Apple
not having new products out yet was also a good move."

Getting Samsung's mobile business back on track is important for vice chairman
Jay Y Lee, the de facto leader of family-run conglomerate Samsung Group, to show
his ability to manage the sprawling electronics-to-fashion business, some
investors say.

Samsung shares gained as much as 2.4 per cent on Wednesday to an 18-week high.
The stock is up by more than a fifth since mid-January following a 22-per-cent
slide over the previous three months.

Better, but not so different

The two Galaxy S7 models have won acclaim for their sleek design and the return
from previous models of features such as micro SD card storage support and water
resistance, though analysts noted the phones offer only incremental upgrades and
don't look very different to their predecessors.

Analysts had previously lowered their expectations amid signs of a further
slowdown in demand for consumer electronics, and investors took little heed
earlier this month when Samsung's new mobile chief Koh Dong-jin said S7 models
would outsell previous models following better-than-expected pre-orders.

Samsung's January-March operating profit was expected to fall 16 per cent from a
year earlier to 5.2 trillion won (Bt158 billion) â[#x20ac]" the lowest in six
quarters â[#x20ac]" according to a Thomson Reuters StarMine Smart Estimate
derived from a survey of 31 analysts.

But the Korea Economic Daily newspaper, citing an unnamed source, said Samsung's
quarterly profit will top 6 trillion won on S7 sales and a weaker South Korean
won. Samsung said its earnings were not yet finalised, and it declined comment
on sales or shipments for the new handsets.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             389 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                            March 2, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung sets things right with the Galaxy S7

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 554 words


Samsung's new Galaxy S7 handsets succeed the S6 and the S6 edge, perhaps one of
the Korean company's biggest missteps with its flagship phones in recent memory.

A lack of features such as a removable battery, expandable storage and water
resistance made the S6 range less practical than the previous-generation S5.

This was compounded by poor market forecasting that led to unfulfilled demand
for the more premium S6 edge, and surplus stock of the S6.

All this led to sales that Forbes called "disastrous", with a 4.2 per cent drop
in profit in the second quarter of last year, just after the S6 was released,
versus the same period the year before.

Samsung hopes to turn this around with the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge, and it has
started by reinstating some of the missing features.

Both phones now have a hybrid SIM card/microSD card tray, and boast an IP68
water- and dust-resistant rating, which means that they can be submerged in up
to 1.5m of water for over 30 minutes.

While the battery is still non-removable, Samsung has ramped up the capacity
from 2,550 mAh to 3,000 mAh, and 2,600 mAh to 3,600 mAh, for the S7 and S7 edge
respectively.

These improvements are nice. Still, they feel overdue and incremental. It is
almost like the S7 is everything that the S6 should have been, just one year too
late.

Looks-wise, the two generations of phones are reasonably similar, though the S7s
have been refined with a smaller camera bump and rounded back edges.

Under the hood, the models that are likely to ship to Singapore are powered by
an octa-core (2.3GHz Quad and 1.6GHz Quad) processor, and have up to 32GB of
internal memory.

Overall, the phone does feel a lot snappier, and apps are much faster to spring
to life.

The camera in particular is a big improvement, with much faster focusing in low
light.

Samsung has dropped the 16-megapixel sensor in the S6 for a 12-megapixel one
here, but is using bigger pixels and a wider aperture.

It has also incorporated dual-pixel technology, which was previously found only
in DSLR cameras.

In quick tests against the iPhone 6s and Xiaomi Mi5, the S7's images under low
light turned out the brightest, and it focused much faster than the other two.

But the tweak I liked the most was surprisingly simple - it was the curved edges
on the back of the S7 edge that now make the phone a lot more comfortable to
hold, compared to the S6 edge.

Besides its flagship phone, Samsung also unveiled the Gear 360, a portable 360
camera with two 15-megapixel fisheye lenses placed back-to-back.

Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg made an appearance at Samsung's keynote,
touting the social possibilities of virtual reality, and announcing that anyone
who had pre-ordered the S7 or S7 edge would get a free Gear VR, Samsung's
virtual reality headset.

All this points to much greater engagement with virtual reality, not just for
consuming media and gaming, but as a social tool to share experiences and videos
with friends.

Most of the experiences available on VR are short, immersive movie clips and
simple games.

But with FaceBook and YouTube now supporting 360 video, and cameras such as the
Gear 360 being launched, it is much easier for anyone to generate and share VR
content, and this may be what VR truly needs to take off.

Lisabel Ting

SEE ALSO: Ideal for novices, but power users should wait

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The curved edges on the back of the S7 edge (above) make the phone a
lot more comfortable to hold, compared to the S6 edge.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             390 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            December 14, 2015 Monday

Samsung Galaxy S7 images leaked

LENGTH: 228  words


Rumors of the S7 keep coming

By tbreak Staff -

The Samsung Galaxy S7 has been the center of many rumors recently, but there
have not been any official product images. However, some images leaked recently
which are supposedly the chassis of the new phone.

The images leaked on to Weibo, and was captioned as a "not yet released flagship
phone". People are putting two and two together and coming up with speculations
regarding the S7. From the design it's obvious that there is not going to be
much of a change from the Galaxy S6. From the images, we can see that there are
not much changes in the new device, expect for the edges being a bit more
rounded.

Industry analysts expect that Samsung will be focusing more on improving the
internal specs of the device rather than revamping the phone's look. Other
rumors suggest that the handset will be coming in two sizes, a 5.2 inch screen
and a 5.8 inch screen, for hands of all sizes. An update for the camera is
expected as well, in terms of quality and capabilities. Rumors also suggest that
there might be a brand new internal liquid cooling system as well.

The Samsung Galaxy S7 is expected to come out at Mobile World Congress at the
end of February next year, but others think it will arrive as early as January.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/86/145009228543.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/46/145009228563.jpg



LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             391 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      March 17, 2016 Thursday 12:24 PM GMT

Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge review: this is the smartphone to beat;
Latest high-end Android phone raises bar for screen, camera and speed, while
bringing back such fan favourites as waterproofing, expandable storage and
decent battery life

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1765 words


Star Rating: 5 stars

Samsung's latest smartphone takes the best bits of last year's Galaxy S6 and
combines them into a curved phablet with the dimensions of a normal-sized phone.


Curved screen, metal, glass and waterproof

Last year saw a dramatic shift in design for Samsung. Out went derided plastic
and in came premium materials: glass and metal. The Galaxy S6 came in a regular
flat version and one called "Edge" with a screen with curved on the left and
right edges.

It is this version that the Galaxy S7 Edge takes its design from. Side-by-side
they look barely any different apart from a bigger screen - 5.5in to the older
5.1in - and the back now has rounded edges.

In the hand it feels fantastic, much more comfortable and easier to hold. On the
table it looks like a well-crafted piece of technology should.

The curved edges and minimal bezel of the 5.5in phone make the S7 Edge one of
the physically smallest phablets to date. It is narrower than many smartphones
with much smaller screens and is shorter too. It makes it really easy to use,
particularly next to Apple's iPhone 6S Plus, which feels massive and unwieldy in
comparison.

For comparison, the Galaxy S7 Edge is 72.6mm wide with its 5.5in screen, which
is the same width as the Nexus 5X with its smaller 5.2in screen, 5.2mm narrower
than the 5.7in Nexus 6P and 5.3mm narrower than 5.5in iPhone 6S Plus with the
same size screen. That half a centimetre makes a big difference in ease of
handling.

The screen is the best I've ever seen fitted to a smartphone. Period. It's
pin-sharp with deep blacks and rich colours. It has a great range of brightness,
taking it from really very dim to bright enough to see in direct sunlight.
Samsung's AMOLED screens have always been excellent. The S7 Edge has set a new
bar.

S7 Edge is waterproof to IP68 standards meaning 1.5m for 30 minutes in fresh
water. This time, however, all the ports are open and do not require fiddly
plugs.

Specifications

     ·    Screen: 5.5in quad HD AMOLED (534ppi)
     ·    Processor: octa-core Samsung Exynos 8890 or quad-core Qualcomm
          Snapdragon 820
     ·    RAM: 4GB of RAM
     ·    Storage: 32GB + microSD card
     ·    Operating system: Android 6.0.1 with TouchWiz
     ·    Camera: 12MP rear camera with OIS, 5MP front-facing camera
     ·    Connectivity: LTE, Wi-Fi, NFC, wireless charging, Bluetooth 4.2 and
          GPS
     ·    Dimensions: 150.9 x 72.6 x 7.7 mm
     ·    Weight: 157g



Two processors

The S7 Edge will be available with two different processors, depending on the
country. In the UK and Europe, the phone will come with Samsung's own Exynos
8890 octa-core processor.

In the US and other regions, the S7 Edge will come with Qualcomm's most powerful
chip, the Snapdragon 820. Benchmarking indicates the Snapdragon 820 is more
powerful than the Exynos 8890, particularly its graphics power.

The version used for this review is a UK variant with an Exynos 8890.

The S7 Edge is the snappiest smartphone I have used to date and flies through
program loading, switching between apps, games and image processing without
breaking a sweat.

It will likely handle anything you can throw at it. The Snapdragon 820 should
perform similarly. Both have 4GB of RAM, which helps with multitasking.

Long battery and fast charging

The S7 Edge is one of the fastest charging smartphones available, and while it
doesn't support the new USB-C connector it has both quick charging and wireless
charging.

The relatively large battery charged from 25% to 100% in 90 minutes via a
Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 USB power adapter, and wirelessly charged at a rate of
0.5% a minute using a 5W pad built into a piece of Ikea furniture. Using
Samsung's latest wireless chargers should be even faster, but one is not
included in the box.

The battery life of the S7 Edge was excellent, easily lasting over a day and a
half without any special treatment. Using it as my primary device, listening to
four hours of music via Bluetooth headphones, browsing and using apps for three
hours with hundreds of push emails and 30 minutes of light gaming, the S7 Edge
would see me from 7am on day one until 7pm on day two.

The Edge has Samsung's new always-on screen, which displays the time, a calendar
of a picture on the screen when it isn't actively being used. Samsung says it'll
use less than 1% of the battery an hour. In my testing using the digital clock
option the phone dropped just 2% battery in 8 hours overnight, which is very
impressive.

The always-on screen shows call and text notifications, but not much else. I
wear a watch, so didn't find it useful, but it should be significantly more
battery-efficient than constantly turning the phone on to check the time.

The S7 Edge has a microSD card slot for adding more storage - the return of a
fan favourite - but Samsung chose to stop it being part of what Google calls
"adoptable storage". It means the SD card shows up as a separate volume for
storing files such as music or photos, but there are limits on what can and
can't be stored on it, unlike when it is adopted as part of the main storage of
the phone.

For instance, some apps can't be installed on the SD card and some media
services don't allow content to be stored on it, meaning you're restricted to
using the 32GB of built-in storage.

TouchWiz

Samsung modifies the standard Android experience, this time Android 6.0
Marshmallow, with customised software called TouchWiz.

The Korean company has been criticised over the years for complicating the
excellent standard Android with unnecessary features and bloat, slowing it down
and making it worse, not better.

TouchWiz is still heavily customised on the S7 Edge, but it is no longer
bloated, which means it runs as smoothly as you'd hope. It has few a gimmicky
features, but they are not activated by default and are hidden behind an
experimental menu that asks users for feedback on whether they're useful.
Listening to consumers is a good thing.

Most of Samsung's modifications are good: more quick settings, more power-saving
modes, extensive control over notifications including the power of the
vibration.

The Upday social news aggregator panel on the homescreen (which replaced
Flipboard on earlier Samsung phones) can be turned off. I didn't find it useful.

The S7 Edge comes with a variety of Facebook and Microsoft apps pre-installed,
the majority of which I would install normally anyway. They can't be
uninstalled, but can be disabled. I disabled the Facebook app and installed
Metal instead.

The edge software includes a wider panel over last year's S6 Edge. It's useful
for app shortcuts or for quickly calling common contacts, but little beyond
that. It can be disabled if you never use it, but doesn't get in the way.

The gaming tools are quite useful. They can record game footage, stop
notifications or buttons from disrupting play and can limit the smartphone's
performance to save battery power. You can even minimise a game without pausing
it, which could be useful for those that play games such as Clash of Clans or
similar.

Camera

Samsung's cameras have been very good over the years, but the one fitted to the
Galaxy S7 Edge is a cut above. The 12-megapixel sensor produces detailed, rich
images and focuses so fast you think it's broken. But it is the low-light
performance that sets it apart from the rest, producing some of the best
blur-free images in poor light of any smartphone.

Given most of us take photos in poor light most of the time, particularly in
grey Britain, that's important. The lens has an f-stop of 1.7, making it very
fast, but also able to produce stunning close-up images with lovely bokeh
effects blurring out the background with pleasing colours, which is particularly
good for taking portraits or images of objects. Food photographers will love it.

The 5-megapixel selfie camera is slightly disappointing. It produces very soft
images that lack fine detail, even without the various beauty modes on. Some
might find the images flattering, smoothing over blemishes, but blown up to full
size they're far too soft for my tastes.

Observations

     ·    The screen is super sensitive to touches compared to many other
          devices
     ·    The fingerprint scanner is excellent
     ·    Don't plug it in to charge it when it's wet - it's waterproof, but the
          ports need to dry before charging
     ·    The phone does not float
     ·    The LED notification light is useful (and a dying breed with modern
          smartphones)
     ·    Your palm touches the back and recently used apps buttons quite easily
          and takes a bit of getting used to
     ·    The camera app is one of the best available on Android - excellent in
          full auto, but with enough settings to do it all yourself too
     ·    Samsung Pay will come to the UK this year, including the S7 Edge
     ·    Ultra power saving mode more than doubles battery life, but only
          allows limited functionality when active. Great for long trips without
          a plug



Price

The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge comes in gold or black but only with 32GB of storage
costing £639.

For comparison, the Google Nexus 6P costs £449 with 32GB of storage, the 16GB
Apple iPhone 6S Plus costs £619 and the slightly larger Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+
costs £520.

Verdict

The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is the best smartphone money can buy at the moment.
The year has only just begun, but the bar has been set very high indeed.

The screen is fantastic, the phone is very fast, the battery lasts almost two
days, it's waterproof, has a microSD card slot, a brilliant camera and wireless
charging - there's a lot to love.

But it is the curved screen edges that give the S7 Edge its, umm, edge. It makes
this 5.5in phablet feel more like a 5in phone. It's more manageable all-round
and is barely any wider than much smaller phones. It makes its chief rival the
iPhone 6S Plus look positively porky in comparison.

It's not quite perfect - the microSD card isn't as useful as it could be and it
won't get updates as fast as a Google Nexus - it doesn't break the mould or do
anything revolutionary either, but it's as good as a smartphone gets right now.

Pros: a phablet that is as easy to use as a 5in phone, fast, great screen, long
battery, fast and wireless charging, brilliant camera, microSD card slot,
waterproof, good fingerprint sensor  Cons: battery isn't removable, microSD card
isn't used as adopted storage, won't get software updates as fast as Nexus
devices, expensive

Other reviews

                     · Google Nexus 6P review: the best phablet available·
iPhone 6S Plus review: barely better than the iPhone 6 Plus· Samsung Galaxy S6
Edge+ review: the curvy 'iPhone 6 Plus killer'· Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge review:
curves for pleasure, not function· Google Android 6.0 Marshmallow review: more
polished, greater control and longer battery life

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             392 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                       June 16, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Expected To Launch On August 2

LENGTH: 234  words


An Edge variant also tipped alongside.

Samsung is planning to unveil the next Galaxy Note earlier than usual to fend
off iPhone competition this year, just as it did last year. Now, a fresh image
leak further testifies to the rumour, and hints that the company may be holding
an event as soon as August 2 to unveil the phablet in the market.

Samsung is also thought to be skipping the Galaxy Note 6 in order to bring the
naming of its flagship phablet in line with that of its flagship smartphone
family, the S series. Since it announced the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge earlier this
year, it makes sense that it would also bring out the Note 7 in 2016.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is rumoured to pack 6GB RAM and might come along side an
Edge variant. The phablet(s) is/are expected to include Samsung's new 10nm
LPDDR4 6GB RAM, which was revealed month a month ago. A 4,000mAh battery is also
rumoured, which is 1000mAh more than the battery of Galaxy Note 5.

Some of the previous rumours related to the unannounced Galaxy Note flagship
hint at a 5.8-inch QHD display, quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor,
32GB of in-built storage with an option to support microSD cards, and a 12MP
rear camera with dualpixel tech.

The handset is also expected to have an iris scanner, in addition to being water
resistant. As usual these devices will be larger devices than the S7 and S7
Edge, and come with Samsung's S Pen stylus.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             393 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung emboldened by robust Galaxy S7 sales worldwide

LENGTH: 456 words


Samsung Electronics' latest flagship smartphone Galaxy S7 is enjoying strong
sales since its launch on March 11.

The company is not revealing sales figures, but industry watchers say the phone
could become the best-selling Galaxy phone ever.

Samsung's Galaxy S7 Studio in Guangzhou, China, is packed with visitors. The
company operates the pop-up space to experience the latest Galaxy phone in major
cities such as London and Hong Kong. (Samsung Electronics)

In Korea, more than 100,000 units were sold in the first weekend alone,
according to telecom carriers.

Preorders in other key markets outpaced those for its predecessor Galaxy S6.

SamMobile, an online website specializing in Samsung news, estimated preorders
in China exceeded 15 million units during the weeklong event that ended Friday.

In the U.S. and Europe, preorders more than doubled compared to the Galaxy S6,
the website said.

"We are upbeat about the current sales pace," Samsung's mobile chief and
president Koh Dong-jin told reporters Wednesday after a weekly CEO meeting held
at the Seoul headquarters. He declined to comment on the sales target.

Based on the positive customer reaction, analysts also upgraded their own sales
outlook for the new Samsung phone.

Nomura Securities predicted the Galaxy S7 sales could hit the 9 million mark by
the end of this month that exceeded the earlier estimates of some 8 million
units.

Considering the reduced costs for components, it said, Samsung's profit margin
is also expected to be restored.

Shinhan Investment said new user-friendly features such as water resistance and
a separate memory card slot are affecting sales positively. The previously
popular features were brought back to meet customer demands.

"Due to the upbeat outlook on the phone's success, share prices will remain
strong," said So Hyun-cheol, an analyst of Shinhan Investment. "New devices that
use foldable OLED or big data could elevate share prices further."

Despite no drastic change in design from its predecessor, the Galaxy S7 has come
with new upgraded features, such as a DSLR-grade camera.

Based on its own dual pixel technology, each of the 12 million pixels has two
photodiodes that collect light. The photodiodes work better, like human eyes,
allowing a speedier auto focus and clear photos even in low light situations.

In a move to appeal to consumers, Samsung has lowered device prices, making the
latest phones the cheapest-ever Galaxy models. The prices start at 836,000 won
($720) for the basic 32-gigabyte model here.

The company will also launch a new phone upgrade program, called Galaxy Club, in
Korea and other markets in phases. The program is to allow subscribers who pay a
monthly fee to switch to a new phone every 12 months.

By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             394 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                             June 8, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung shares continue uptrend on rosy outlook '

LENGTH: 591 words


Shares of Samsung Electronics rose for the sixth consecutive session Wednesday
as local analysts unleashed optimism on the top-cap company's earnings for the
second quarter.

Samsung closed up 0.57 percent at 1,406,000 won ($1,216.40) on South Korea's
main bourse on the back of strong foreign buying. At one point in morning trade,
Samsung's stock price hit a fresh 52-week high of 1,419,000 won.

The company's market value came to 201 trillion won ($174 billion), crossing the
200 trillion won mark for the first time in nearly seven months.

The gain came as several local securities companies upgraded their
second-quarter earnings outlook for the tech behemoth, the flagship and cash cow
of South Korea's top family-run conglomerate Samsung Group.

In a note to clients, Hanwha Investment and Securities on Wednesday predicted
Samsung's operating profit to soar to 7.7 trillion won for the April-June
period, bolstered by strong sales of its latest Galaxy S7 smartphone.

"Samsung's profit growth will likely continue in the second quarter on brisk
sales of the Galaxy S7 though there were concerns over its outlook following an
earnings surprise in the first quarter," said Lee Soon-hak, who authored the
note.

Buoyed by robust sales of its flagship smartphones, Samsung posted an operating
profit of 6.67 trillion won in the January-March period of this year, up 11.7
percent from a year earlier.

Lee said Samsung's organic light-emitting diode (OLED) segment will likely chalk
up an operating profit of more than 600 billion won, helped by high demand for
the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge smartphones.

The company's home electronics business, including TVs, is expected to fare
better in the second quarter, but the second-quarter operating profit of its
semiconductor division is likely to reach a level similar to the previous
quarter due to a fall in prices of dynamic random access memory (DRAM) chips, he
added.

"The chip division is projected to see its operating profit turn for the better
in the second half of this year, backed by a rebound in sales of 3D NAND flash
memory chips," Lee said.

Daishin Securities said Samsung will likely pull off an earnings surprise for
the current quarter, offering an operating profit forecast of 7.74 trillion won.

"Samsung's IT and mobile segment is likely to see its second-quarter
profitability beat the market forecast for the second consecutive quarter on
resilient sales of its latest smartphones," Park Kang-ho, an analyst at Daishin
Securities, said.

Park predicted global sales of the Galaxy S7 series smartphones will reach up to
15 million units during the April-June period, with the figure exceeding 25
million units within the first half. The Galaxy S7 smartphones hit store shelves
in early March.

He estimated the operating profit of the IT and mobile division to come in at
4.27 trillion won for the second quarter, up a whopping 55 percent from the same
period a year earlier.

On Tuesday, IBK Investment & Securities forecast Samsung's second-quarter
operating profit to reach 7.8 trillion won, well above the median market
outlook. The brokerage cited the chip division's solid earnings and improved
profits in the display segment.

In a research note, Eugene Investment & Securities also upgraded its outlook for
Samsung's second-quarter operating profit to 7.45 trillion won, saying Samsung's
IT-mobile, display and consumer electronics divisions will all likely post
better earnings.

Samsung Electronics is slated to release its earnings guidance for the second
quarter in early July. (Yonhap)

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             395 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           November 19, 2015 Thursday

Samsung Galaxy S7 to have updated camera

LENGTH: 226  words


By tbreak Staff -

After hitting success with the Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge, it was no surprise
that rumors of the Samsung Galaxy S7 started making their rounds.

Recent rumors suggest that the latest flagship from Samsung, the Samsung Galaxy
S7, may be coming out with a new and improved camera. The exceptional camera was
the main reason for the success of the Galaxy S6 and its Edge variant, so it was
only wise that Samsung decides to improve upon it. At a recent Samsung
Electronics 2015 Investors Forum, the company unveiled the Britecell, a new
sensor that promises improved low light performance with less color artifacts.

The new sensor will have smaller one micron sensors which will also allow
Samsung to reduce the height of the camera module by 17 percent, thus allowing
the company to produce slimmer phones without compromising on the camera. In the
Britecell, Samsung looks to replace the green pixels in a traditional Bayer
filter pattern in the RGB technology with white pixels. Through this
arrangement, the camera sensor can pick more light, even in low light
situations.

It is safe bet that we can see the Britecell in the Samsung Galaxy S7, which is
reportedly due in February next year. However, Samsung is yet to confirm which
other smartphones will get the superior camera technology.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/14/144804216366.jpg



LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             396 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            September 4, 2016 Sunday

Samsung announces exchange offer for Galaxy Note 7 with Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge

BYLINE: dna Web Team

LENGTH: 341  words


Reported cases of exploding Samsung Note 7 batteries comes just days before
Apple is expected to launch the iPhone 7.

Samsung recalled its Galaxy Note 7 smartphones after finding some of its
batteries have exploded or caught fire just two weeks after the product's
launch.

The company has announced that it will start exchanging the device as soon as
next week or users could swap their Galaxy Note 7 for a Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge.

"The US carriers have already halted sales and offered ways for customers who
have already purchased the device to get refunds. Now Samsung has announced its
own exchange programme, which will provide customers with a new device as soon
as next week," The Verge reported.

"In addition, affected customers will receive a $25 credit on their phone bill
or a $25 gift card for their troubles. Samsung did not say when the Note 7 will
be available for general purchase," the report added.

The recall, the first for the new smartphone though not the first for a battery,
comes at a crucial moment in Samsung's mobile business.

Apple is expected to announce its new iPhone next week and Samsung's mobile
division was counting on momentum from the Note 7's strong reviews and
higher-than-expected demand.

Samsung said it had confirmed 35 instances of Note 7s catching fire or
exploding. There have been no reports of injuries related to the problem.

"To date (as of September 1) there have been 35 cases that have been reported
globally and we are currently conducting a thorough inspection with our
suppliers to identify possible affected batteries in the market," said Samsung
in a statement.

This summer, Samsung ran into a quality-control issue with another smartphone, a
niche model called the Galaxy S7 Active.

Consumer Reports found that the phone didn't live up to its water-resistance
promises.

Samsung claims to have identified which smartphones are affected, declaring that
1 in 42,000 units from the 2.5 million Note 7s that the company sold worldwide
had defective batteries.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             397 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                             May 28, 2016 Saturday

Samsung unleashes a Batman-themed Galaxy S7 Edge

BYLINE: dna Web Team

LENGTH: 226  words


The smartphone has been launched in celebration of the third anniversary of
'Injustice: Gods Among Us'.

Samsung has introduced a limited edition Batman-themed Galaxy S7 Edge, called
the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Injustice Edition. The smartphone will only be
available in a few regions including China, Singapore, Korea, Latin America and
Russia. At the moment, details regarding price have not been shared.

In terms of design, the smartphone is offered in black with gold edges around
the home button and camera. The device also includes Batman themes and
screensavers along with a Gear VR, a Batman-styled smartphone back cover and a
Gold Batarang.

In terms of specifications, the Galaxy S7 Edge launched in India in March and
features a 5.5-inch QHD Super Amoled display and is powered by the company's
octa-core Exynos 8890 SoC, paired with 4GB RAM. Running Android 6.0 Marshmallow,
the smartphone is available in 32GB and 64GB storage variants.

It comes equipped with a 12MP rear camera with phase detection autofocus, OIS,
LED flash and a 5MP front-facing camera. A 3600mAh battery completes the
package. The S7 Edge also includes features some interesting features like
always-on-display, thermal cooling, Samsung Pay, fingerprint scanner, heart rate
and is dust and water resistant over 1.5 meter for 30 minutes.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             398 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                             April 24, 2016 Sunday

Trendsetting smartphones

BYLINE: Chandra Devi Renganayar

SECTION: Gizmo guide; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 413 words


FAVOURITES: The top trending smartphone models last month are Apple, Samsung and
Oppo. Chandra Devi Renganayar takes a look at what makes these models
fascinating

iPhone SE

The special-edition iPhone, like all other Apple models, created a lot of buzz
months before it was released.

Launched late last month in the United States, the iPhone SE will be available
here late next month.

Local telcos have opened registration for customers interested in buying this
phone.

Apple claims it is the most powerful and fastest four-inch device in the market.
The iPhone SE looks similar to the iPhone 5S, launched in 2012, but it is as
powerful as an iPhone 6s, with the A9 chipset.

Fans of the iPhone who disliked the bigger screen of the iPhone 6 models can
look forward to upgrading their smartphones.

The phone supports a 12-megapixel (MP) camera for capturing still photos and 4K
videos.

Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge

Launched in February at the Mobile World Congress, the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7
Edge are refined versions of their predecessors, the Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge.
These are Samsung's most powerful smartphones, powered by Samsung's Exynos 8890
octa-core processor.

Both are slim phones with big high-definition screens. The S7 has a 5.1-inch
screen, while the S7 Edge has a 5.5-inch screen.

An interesting feature is the smartphone's water-resistant capability. With an
IP68 water-protection rating, the phones can survive a quick dip in the water,
spills and splashes. Another feature that has created much excitement is the S7'
s Dual Pixel Auto Focus, which was said to be a first on a smartphone. High-end
digital single-lens reflex cameras have this feature, enabling brighter and
sharper images.

Oppo F1

In recent years, Chinese phone manufacturer Oppo has rolled out outstanding
models. The latest, launched in January, is the Oppo F1, a debut offering of the
company's F series smartphones.

The F series is all about the special camera features, and the F1 makes its mark
as a selfie-centric smartphone. The mid-range smartphone, with a five-inch IPS
display, has a 13MP rear camera and 8MP front camera.

The phone also has the "screen flash" feature, which turns the display into a
camera flash so that users can take better pictures in low-light conditions.

Another feature for a perfect selfie is the Beautify 3.0 filter, which brightens
the skin and removes blemishes.

Another model under the F series is the Oppo F1 Plus, which has a 16MP front
camera and a 13MP rear camera.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                             399 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            March 12, 2016 Saturday

Samsung Galaxy S7 introduces a technologically innovated 12.2MP camera

SECTION: Vol. 39 No. 72

LENGTH: 174  words


Samsung has recently launched its next Flagship product-line - the Galaxy S7,
Galaxy S7 Edge and Edge Plus.

This innovative range of smartphones is enriched with powerful camera features,
Octa Core processor, 4GB RAM and Android Marshmallow Operating System, to ensure
superior performance, on-the-go.

The Galaxy S7 introduces a technologically innovated and powerful 12.2 Mega
Pixel camera that uses 56 percent bigger pixels, with an enhanced capacity to
let in 25 percent more light. This reduces the strain on the processor, enabling
you to capture sharp and vivid pictures, with more ease and speed. The device is
also enriched with an 8 MP Front-facing camera for sharper Selfies and a Dual
Video call feature.

The Auto-Focus has also been improved substantially, as Samsung's new Dual-Pixel
Sensor Technology (BRITECELL) offers lightning-quick sharpness - bringing the
camera at par with the high-performance, premium devices, while the Optical
Image-Stabilizing technology ensures great results and clearer imaging, even
with a shaky hand.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             400 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               TODAY (Singapore)

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday
                                  APM Edition

Note7 owners offered a choice: S7 edge or a refund

SECTION: ITC; Business; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 369 words


SINGAPORE - Samsung Galaxy Note7 customers in Singapore can choose to exchange
their device for a Galaxy S7 edge and receive a S$250 cheque or get a full
refund of S$1,168 via cheque, and they may do so from Oct 26 till Nov 6, the
smartphone maker said yesterday.

"Both options are available to all Galaxy Note7 customers, regardless if they
purchased their original device from telecommunication operators, consumer
electronics stores, authorised retailers, Samsung Official Store at Lazada.sg or
Samsung Experience Stores, and do not affect any pre-existing contract that the
Galaxy Note7 owner has with the telecommunication operators," said Samsung.

The Galaxy Note7 cannot be exchanged for other devices apart from the S7 edge, a
Samsung spokesperson told TODAY.

Customers have to go to www.samsung.com/sg/note7exchange to select their
preferences for exchange or refund, and provide details for a free home
delivery.

The free home delivery is available to customers even if they opt for a full
refund instead of an exchange.

Note7 customers who require a loan device can visit the Samsung Customer Service
Centre at Westgate mall.

Samsung had announced on Oct 11 that it would permanently shut down production
of the ill-fated Note7 after multiple incidents worldwide of the smartphone
catching fire.

Samsung will also refund the retail value of the following original Samsung
Galaxy Note7 accessories in exchange for the return of these accessories: Galaxy
Note7 S View Standing Cover, Galaxy Note7 Clear View Cover, Galaxy Note7 LED
View Cover, Galaxy Note7 Leather Cover, Galaxy Note7 Clear Cover, Galaxy Note7
Keyboard Cover, and Galaxy Note7 Back Pack.

These will be verified by the home delivery service provider before a refund in
cheque is provided.

Samsung Concierge customers who opt for an exchange will have the service
transferred to the S7 edge, and the service will take effect from the date of
the exchange.

Those who opt for refund will receive a cheque of S$38, which is the cost for
the service. Samsung Concierge offers customers a range of benefits, including
allowing them to upgrade to a new Galaxy device every year without having to
wait till their two-year contracts with telcos are due.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 MediaCorp Press Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             401 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                             March 14, 2016 Monday

Samsung Galaxy S7 introduces 12.2MP camera

SECTION: Vol. 30 No. 11

LENGTH: 174  words


Samsung has recently launched its next Flagship product-line - the Galaxy S7,
Galaxy S7 Edge and Edge Plus. This innovative range of smartphones is enriched
with powerful camera features, Octa Core processor, 4GB RAM and Android
Marshmallow Operating System, to ensure superior performance, on-the-go. The
Galaxy S7 introduces a technologically innovated and powerful 12.2 Mega Pixel
camera that uses 56 percent bigger pixels, with an enhanced capacity to let in
25 percent more light. This reduces the strain on the processor, enabling you to
capture sharp and vivid pictures, with more ease and speed. The device is also
enriched with an 8 MP Front-facing camera for sharper Selfies and a Dual Video
call feature.

The Auto-Focus has also been improved substantially, as Samsung's new Dual-Pixel
Sensor Technology (BRITECELL) offers lightning-quick sharpness - bringing the
camera at par with the high-performance, premium devices, while the Optical
Image-Stabilizing technology ensures great results and clearer imaging, even
with a shaky hand.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             402 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                             March 29, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung may have accidentally leaked a Galaxy S7 Active

BYLINE: DNA WEB TEAM

LENGTH: 152  words


The Active series is a ruggedized line of their standard Galaxy collection.

Samsung may have accidentaly revealed a new smartphone, and it looks like a
descendent of the ruggedized Galaxy S6 Active.

Spotted by SamMobile, the Galaxy S7 Active appears in a list of supported
devices for the Samsung Level app on the Google Play Store. The company's Active
series was first introduced in 2013 as a waterproof, shockproof counterpart to
the then flagship Galaxy S4.

What's strange is that Samsung has already included IP68 water and dust
resistance, leaving the possible S7 Active with only a ruggedized casing to
claim as a unique sell point, aside from the Active series' improved battery
over the standard line. There's no other real evidence there will even be a
Galaxy S7 Active, and Samsung has so far not confirmed any such device, so don't
hold your breath just yet.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             403 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Hartford Courant

                            October 23, 2016 Sunday
                               Statewide Edition

CNET

SECTION: SMARTER LIVING; D; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 429  words


Samsung Galaxy

S7 Edge

CNET rating: 5 stars out of 5 (Spectacular)

The good: The Galaxy S7 Edge has a gorgeous larger curved screen and larger
battery than the otherwise identical standard S7. It really is something
special. The extra navigation tools can be useful when used judiciously.

The bad: When you pile on these extra navigation tools, they slow you down
rather than speed you up. It's pricier than other good phones.

The cost: $595.99 to $794.99

The bottom line: The gorgeous Galaxy S7 Edge makes the best Android phone that
much better.

Samsung Galaxy Note 5

CNET rating: 4.5 stars out of 5 (Outstanding)

The good: The Samsung Galaxy Note 5 has an eye-catching design, high-end
hardware and takes great outdoor photos. Using the stylus has never felt better,
and battery life is terrific.

The bad: With a non-removable battery and no external storage option, the Note 5
strips away some of last year's features. It's pricey compared to large-screen
competitors like Motorola's Moto X Pure.

The cost: $513.99 to $709.99

The bottom line: Samsung's Galaxy Note 5 is excellent overall, and the only
phone to buy if you want to write by hand. However, you'll pay a huge premium
for a modest upgrade from last year's model, and less pricey competitors will
satisfy many.

Apple iPhone 7 Plus

CNET rating: 4.5 stars out of 5 (Outstanding)

The good: Dual rear cameras delivers true 2x optical zoom, with a cool bokeh
mode to come via a forthcoming upgrade. The phone is water resistant, and the
battery lasts longer than last year's model. Bigger storage options include
256GB model for serious photographers.

The bad: There's no standard headphone jack: you'll have to use Lightning, or
the included adapter, or go wireless. Design is showing its age, as competing
phones squeeze a 5.5-inch screen into smaller, sexier bodies.

The cost: $769 to $769.99

The bottom line: Apple's best camera phone pushes the envelope to offer great
results, but its full potential hasn't yet been tested.

Motorola Moto Z Play

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Very good)

The good: The affordable Moto Z Play works with swappable modular accessories,
retains its headphone jack (unlike the more upmarket Moto Z and Z Force) and has
a battery that goes on and on.

The bad: The Z Play is the thickest and heaviest phone in the Moto Z series and
its fingerprint sensor, annoyingly, can be mistaken for a home button.

The cost: $408 to $449.99

The bottom line: Even if you don't give two licks about its cool modular
capabilities, get the Motorola Moto Z for an affordable phone with an
impressively enduring battery life.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             404 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             July 14, 2016 Thursday

Samsung Galaxy outsells Apple iPhone in US for first time

LENGTH: 245 words


[THE INVESTOR] Samsung Electronics' flagship smartphone Galaxy S7 has managed to
outsell Apple's iPhone 6S in the US for the first time.

According to market research firm Kantar Worldpanel, 16 percent of American
consumers purchased Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge for the three-month period ending in
May, while 14.6 percent chose an iPhone 6S or 6S Plus during the same period.

Samsung Galaxy S7 (left) and Apple's iPhone 6S

Even though the Samsung phones are newer handsets by half a year, Apple's
iPhones have been defeating the Korean rival on its home turf.

With the new iPhone coming only in September, Kantar predicted more declines in
the iPhone share in the meantime.

In the overall US market, Kantar found, Samsung had the biggest share with 37
percent to Apple's 29 percent. Apple still boasts a higher loyalty rating, with
88 percent of current customers intending to stay loyal. But the figure for
Samsung is almost equal at 86 percent.

"When we look at where these brand purchases are coming from, just 5 percent of
Samsung purchases came from people moving away from Apple, while 14 percent of
Apple buyers came from those switching from Samsung," said Lauren Guenveur,
consumer insight director for Kantar Worldpanel.

"The majority of sales were from customers repurchasing and upgrading within
their preferred brand. Among those intending to change devices in the next year,
88% of current Apple users and 86% of current Samsung users intend to stay
loyal."

By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             405 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   News Point

                           November 24, 2015 Tuesday

Samsung Galaxy S7 rumors: Feb launch expected, to house Exynos processor

LENGTH: 253 words

DATELINE: India


India, Nov. 24 -- South Korean electronics manufacturer Samsung is once again
turning heads over the launch of its next series of Galaxy smartphones.

This time it is the much talked about Galaxy S7 smartphone. Several rumours
about the phone have already started doing the rounds.

On the launch date

Though there are several views on the launch of the smartphone but the one point
where most media reports are agreeing is the Mobile World Congress, scheduled in
Barcelona between 22 and 25 February 2016. However, some contradictory reports
can't also be negated which states that the company might launch the phone a tad
earlier. By a tad earlier, what is meant is January.

Processor

South Korea's Electronic Times had said that Samsung will use Qualcomm's
Snapdragon 820 chips for the Galaxy S7 phones, which will be sold in the United
States and China. But Galaxy S7 phones sold in other markets will be powered by
Samsung's own Exynos processors.

It may be recalled that the company used only its Exynos processors for the
flagship Galaxy S6 smartphones this year, dealing a major blow to the US
chipmaker. But Samsung said earlier this year that it could opt to use Qualcomm
chips in the future. As time progresses, we shall be able to give clearer
picture on the smartphone's details. Till then, let rumour mills do their job!

Published by HT Syndication with permission from News Point. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                          Copyright 2015 NewsPoint TV
                              All Rights Reserved


                             406 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

GALAXY IS A STAR;
StarTech

BYLINE: DAVE SNELLING

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 111 words


SAMSUNG'S Galaxy S6 was by far the best phone of 2015 and now it's even better.

Although it looks similar to last year's device, the new Galaxy S7 is packed
with extra features which will make it the smartphone to beat in 2016.

The S7 gets a speed boost, lasts longer with a bigger battery, and features an
upgraded rear camera which is faster and better in low light.

It's also waterproof and has expandable storage, meaning you should never run
low on space.

The S7 and S7 edge can be pre-ordered now with prices starting from £569.

Samsung has also unveiled a new virtual reality camera that can film 360-degree
footage.

The Gear 360 will launch alongside the Galaxy S7.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DST


                       Copyright 2016 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             407 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                             March 21, 2016 Monday

Samsung expects Galaxy S7 edge to drive overall sales

BYLINE: Gloria Harry Beatty

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 227 words


KUALA LUMPUR: Samsung Malaysia Electronics Sdn Bhd expects to see growth in
overall smartphones sales this year.

Through consistent smartphone innovation and positioning as the global leading
brand in smartphone market, Samsung was confident that its newest product,
Galaxy S7 edge, would do well in Malaysia, said Lee Jui Siang, its
vice-president of mobile, information technology and digital imaging.

Lee said the Note 5 did very well last year and expected the same for the S7
edge.

Last year's sales were mainly driven by the launches of different products, such
as its Galaxy Note 5, the A-series and J-series.

Despite the challenging economic situation, Lee said the company would continue
to drive innovation because the reality was that consumers were still looking
for new devices.

"As long as we continue to excite the market, we will continue to drive good
sales and good growth," he said.

On the target audience of the product, Lee said the S7 edge had a "broad appeal"
and the demographics might range from students to youths to corporate consumers.

The S7 edge has a 5.5-inch enhanced screen, five-megapixel front camera,
12-megapixel back camera and a wider aperture of F1.7.

The S7 edge is offered at a retail price of RM3,099, inclusive of Goods and
Services Tax, and is available in three colours - black onyx, silver titanium
and gold platinum.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Company

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                             408 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                           November 24, 2015 Tuesday

Samsung Galaxy S7 rumors: Feb launch expected, to house Exynos processor

LENGTH: 225  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Nov. 24 -- Zee Media Bureau
 South Korean electronics manufacturer Samsung is once again turning heads over
the launch of its next series of Galaxy smartphones.


 This time it is the much talked about Galaxy S7 smartphone. Several rumours
about the phone have already started doing the rounds.
 On the launch date
 Though there are several views on the launch of the smartphone but the one
point where most media reports are agreeing is the Mobile World Congress,
scheduled in Barcelona between 22 and 25 February 2016. However, some
contradictory reports can't also be negated which states that the company might
launch the phone a tad earlier. By a tad earlier, what is meant is January.
 Processor
 South Korea's Electronic Times had said that Samsung will use Qualcomm's
Snapdragon 820 chips for the Galaxy S7 phones, which will be sold in the United
States and China. But Galaxy S7 phones sold in other markets will be powered by
Samsung's own Exynos processors.
 It may be recalled that the company used only its Exynos processors for the
flagship Galaxy S6 smartphones this year, dealing a major blow to the US
chipmaker. But Samsung said earlier this year that it could opt to use Qualcomm
chips in the future.
 As time progresses, we shall be able to give clearer picture on the
smartphone's details. Till then, let rumour mills do their job!

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             409 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                New Delhi Times

                             July 28, 2016 Thursday

Samsung's profit surges to 2-year high on Galaxy phone sales

LENGTH: 657  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, July 28 -- Samsung Electronics Co. reported Thursday forecast-beating
earnings results that were the best in two years as consumers snapped up its
Galaxy smartphones, in a sign the company is getting its mojo back while rivals
fail to deliver new smartphones.

The South Korean company forecast that its performance will continue to be
"solid" during the rest of the year because demand for its lucrative components,
such as high-end displays called OLED that are used as screens for premium
smartphones, is expected to increase "substantially." It expects to spend more,
however, on mobile marketing of its upcoming large-screen smartphones, to be
announced next week, which Samsung typically uses to distract consumers from new
iPhone launches by Apple.

Samsung, the world's largest smartphone maker, said its April-June net income
rose 2 percent over a year earlier to 5.85 trillion won ($5.17 billion),
compared with 5.75 trillion won a year earlier.

That was slightly higher than forecasts, which have been revised upward in
recent months to reflect stronger-than-expected sales of the new phones.
Analysts had forecast net income of 5.79 trillion won, according to FactSet, a
financial data provider.

Sales rose 5 percent to 50.94 trillion won ($45 billion), while operating profit
surged 18 percent to 8.14 trillion won ($7.19 billion), in line with the
company's guidance earlier this month.

Samsung beat forecasts even as growth in the overall smartphone industry slowed.
Its rival Apple, the world's second-largest smartphone maker, is struggling to
boost iPhone sales and reported a 27 percent quarterly drop in profits.

Samsung's mobile business reported 4.32 trillion won ($3.82 billion) in
operating income during the three-month period, its best quarterly performance
since the second quarter of 2014.

Samsung estimates it shipped between 75.6 million and 78.3 million smartphones
during the quarter, about twice as many as Apple's 40.4 million iPhone sales.

The Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge smartphones drove the profit gain. The company
launched the latest versions of its flagship smartphones in March, several weeks
sooner than it did last year. Early launches helped Samsung report strong sales
during the first quarter, and the latest results dispelled doubts it could
sustain the momentum during the second quarter, since consumers continued to
snap up new phones in the spring.

The company also reduced its mid- and low-end Galaxy models, helping to cut
costs. During the earnings conference call, Samsung's mobile business official
said the company will launch the Galaxy C series exclusively for Chinese
consumers.

The stellar performance of Samsung's mobile division is a sign that its
experiment with smartphone designs is paying off.

Samsung introduced the first of its flagship Edge smartphone series, which
features curved displays that wrap around two corners of the device. But in
2015, it failed to capture demand because it ran into trouble mass producing
those curved displays. The S7 Edge, with similar designs as its predecessor, saw
robust demand from consumers and this time Samsung was able to deliver the
products on time. The company said the Galaxy S7 Edge sales proportion
increased.

The strength of the Galaxy S7 has boosted Samsung's own component businesses.
Sales of OLED, or organic light-emitting diode, display panels rose, helped by
healthy sales of flagship smartphones and higher demand for flexible displays
for the S7 Edge. Samsung dominates the global supply of OLED display panels for
mobile phones.

Samsung is scheduled to announce the latest iteration of its Note series, the
Galaxy Note 7, featuring a giant screen and a stylus, on Aug. 2.

Credit : Associated Press (AP) | Photo Credit : (AP)

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Delhi Times. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 New Delhi Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             410 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                             July 7, 2016 Thursday

Samsung Electronics posts W8.1 tril. in operating profit in Q2, up 17%
year-on-year -

LENGTH: 447 words


South Korea's top tech firm Samsung Electronics Co. estimated Thursday that its
second-quarter operating income increased more than 17 percent from a year
earlier on the back of robust sales of its flagship smartphones such as the
Galaxy S7 series.

Operating profit is estimated at 8.1 trillion won ($6.98 billion) in the
April-June period, up 17. 39 percent from the 6.9 trillion won posted a year
earlier, the world's top smartphone maker said in a regulatory filing.

The estimate breaches the 8 trillion won mark more than two years after it
posted 8.5 trillion won profit in the first quarter of 2014, and is far above
the previous market forecast.

Market consensus for the operating income of Samsung for the April-June period
was at 7.32 trillion won, according to data compiled by industry tracker
FnGuide.

Samsung said its second-quarter sales are also forecast to have reached 50
trillion won during the cited period, also up 3 percent from 48 trillion won a
year earlier.

Samsung did not offer a net profit estimate for the second quarter. Its
finalized earnings will be announced later this month.

Market analysts estimated that the tech behemoth also raked in about 4.4
trillion won in operating profit solely from its information technology and
mobile business division, one of the company's main revenue sources.

Samsung did not release detailed figures for each business division in
Thursday's earnings guidance report.

The mobile division posted an operating profit of 3.89 trillion won during the
January-March period of 2016.

Market experts estimate that Samsung's combined shipments of the Galaxy S7 and
S7 Edge -- its two flagship models -- hovered at some 15 million units in the
April-June period. Noticeably, the sales of the Galaxy S7 Edge, which is more
expensive, might have beaten out the Galaxy S7, according to the sources.

Samsung Electronics sold 81.18 million smartphone units around the globe in the
January-March period, bolstered by the early release of its flagship Galaxy S7
series which was released in late March

Samsung's consumer electronics business is also estimated to have more than 1
trillion won in operating profits for the April-June period, analysts said.

The division posted an operating profit of 510 billion won in the first quarter
of this year.

The company's chip business, which had emerged as the new main source of profit
last year amid poor smartphone sales, is also forecast to post an operating
profit of some 2.5 trillion won, analysts said.

Shares of Samsung Electronics traded at 1,434,000 won as of 9:15 a.m., up 0.91
percent from the previous session's close. The guidance was released before the
local stock market opened on Thursday.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             411 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday

Samsung's Q1 profit beats expectations

BYLINE: By Kim Yoo-chul

LENGTH: 538 words


Galaxy S7 / YonhapOperating profit rises

Samsung Electronics posted 6.6 trillion won in operating profit in the first
three months of the year, beating market expectations by a wide margin.

This marks a 7.49 percent gain from a quarter earlier and 10.37 percent increase
from the same period last year. The market consensus for the first quarter
operating profit had underestimated the results by around 1 trillion won.

In its earnings guidance, Samsung said sales came in at 49 trillion won, up 4
percent year-on-year.

The company didn't release a breakdown of its divisional performances - it will
disclose more detailed first quarter results later this month.

The stronger-than-expected results reflect brisk demand for its flagship
smartphone the Galaxy S7, relatively solid semiconductor sales and a weaker won
against the dollar.

'This is an earnings surprise,' said Kim Kyung-min, an analyst at Daishin
Securities. 'Most analysts expected Samsung's operating profit to be somewhere
between 5.2 trillion won and 5.8 trillion won.'

On top of better-than-expected initial sales of the Galaxy S7, falls in
marketing costs also contributed to the earnings boost.

Samsung started selling its S7 smartphone in March in two designs - one rigid
and the other curved - earlier in the year than 2015's S6 to actively take on
Apple's iPhone.

Sales of the S7 series have topped 10 million in the 20 days after marketing
began. It took 25 days for the S6 to reach the 10 million mark.

'The mobile division's earnings appear to be 3.5 trillion won in the first
quarter,' said a senior fund manager from a Korean branch of a U.S.-based
leading investment bank. 'Demand for the Galaxy S7 will likely remain strong
throughout the year.'

The semiconductor business also fared well, helped by increased sales of
top-tier chips. A migration into thinner technology helped the company report
better earnings, with the semiconductor division's operating profit estimated at
between 2.5 trillion won and 2.6 trillion won.

'The global semiconductor market is in a downturn,' said an official, 'but
Samsung bucked the trend as it has been pursuing profitability by controlling
shipments of memory chips to clients rather than output expansion.'

In February, Samsung began selling DRAM chips using a very fine 18-nanometer
processing technology, which is an industry first, meaning the company has more
room to offset the industry's continued doom and gloom.

The won's weakness against the dollar helped Samsung's home appliance division
post stronger sales, as a weaker won makes Korean products cheaper and boosts
earnings in terms of the local currency.

The won traded weaker against the greenback in the first quarter, with the
exchange rate rising to 1,240 from 1,170 at the end of 2015.

The operating profit of Samsung's home appliances division is estimated at about
300 billion won.

The continued supply glut and weak demand for larger display panels for use in
TVs negatively affected the results.

Samsung dominates the global OLED display market with a greater focus on small
displays for use in smartphones. But in larger displays, which are more
profitable than small ones, Samsung has been hesitant to jump into the market
due to fears over marketability.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             412 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           October 12, 2016 Wednesday
                         The New York Times on the Web

Do You Have a Samsung Galaxy Note 7? Here's What to Do

BYLINE: By J. D. BIERSDORFER

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; TECH TIP; Pg.

LENGTH: 423 words


Q. What should I do if I have a Samsung Galaxy Note 7 phone?

A. Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 smartphone is the only model involved in Samsung's
battery-fire situation, and the company says it has stopped selling it and
discontinued production. The Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge models and older
members in the Galaxy S line are not affected.

Samsung and the Consumer Product Safety Commission formally recalled the Galaxy
Note 7 for an overheating battery defect last month, and an exchange program was
put into place for customers to get replacement versions. However, after
multiple reports of battery fires in the replacement Galaxy Note 7 devices,
Samsung announced this week that it was stopping all sales and production of the
model. The company says it is investigating the battery situation.

If you have a Galaxy Note 7 (either the original or replacement version),
Samsung advises that you power down the device immediately. You should also
contact the wireless carrier or retail store where you bought it for details
about getting a full refund, or exchanging it for a Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 Edge
model. Those who bought a Galaxy Note 7 from Samsung's website (or who want more
information about the recall) should call the company at 1-844-365-6197 or visit
www.samsung.com/us/note7recall.

Many major wireless carriers have stopped selling the model. AT&T, T-Mobile and
Verizon Wireless are among those who have already posted specific information
regarding Galaxy Note 7 refunds and exchanges. The electronics retailer Best Buy
has also added a page of information for its Galaxy Note 7 customers curious
about how to get a refund or exchange. Some retailers may allow you to exchange
the Galaxy Note 7 for a phone from a different manufacturer, but check with your
place of purchase.

Since the Galaxy Note 7's release in August, Samsung has received more than 92
reports of batteries overheating in the United States, including 26 reports of
burns and 55 reports of property damage, according to the Consumer Product
Safety Commission. A manufacturing defect in the particular lithium-ion battery
used by that model was believed to be the cause of the combustibility, but
Samsung has so far been unable to pinpoint the problem.

Both the Federal Aviation Administration and the safety commission  have issued
warnings advising Galaxy Note 7 owners not to use, charge or pack their phones
in checked baggage. The safety commission's site has its own information about
Samsung's recall and a form to report incidents with the device.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/12/technology/personaltech/do-you-have-a-samsung-
galaxy-note-7-heres-what-to-do.html

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Question

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                             413 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             March 5, 2016 Saturday

Samsung to spend record Rs 100 crore on S7 promotions to get an edge over Apple

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 480 words


KOLKATA: The fight betweenand Apple in India, with the Korean company planning
to spend a record sum on marketing and promotion for the new flagship Galaxy S7
and S7 Edge that will be unveiled next week and its US rival drawing up a
counter-strategy.

Samsung may invest about Rs 100 crore on marketing its latest smartphones, which
will be launched in India around March 8 and go on sale from the third week of
March at prices that could match Apple's iPhone 6s models. It has asked dealers
to ensure maximum mileage for the Samsung brand on shop floors, three senior
industry executives said.

To take on Samsung, Apple has told dealers that it will have additional consumer
promotion and is considering reducing prices on some models. The company has
lined up a counter-marketing budget of Rs 30-40 crore, the executives said.

"This is the first time Apple is reacting to a flagship launch from Samsung in
India, signifying how important the Indian market is emerging for both the
smartphone giants," said one executive. "While Samsung is tightening the trade,
Apple has told us to expect something big."

Samsung India has issued an advisory linking payments to dealers to the
visibility of its branding on store fronts and inside. It asked retailers to
ensure its brand billboard is the first one above the shop entrance and only its
brands be displayed on store walls.

Industry executives said Samsung may offer the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge at a
cheaper rate than the Rs 50,000-plus launch price for last year's flagship
Galaxy S6. The company is looking at a price of about Rs 45,000 to compete with
iPhone 6s that's selling at Rs 44,000-45,000. The Korean company has advised
dealers that any discounting will entail strict disciplinary action, including
blacklisting, since it does not want a price war on the new models, industry
executives said. Apple distributors have started taking feedback from the key
trade partners in India on the level of support that might be required to
counter Samsung's new launches.

"Samsung's recent launches such as Galaxy A5 and A7 had gained a lot of share,
which has already irked Apple. Apple has now informed the traders that it will
offer additional consumer and trade promotion on its entire line up and may also
cut prices," a senior trade partner of the company said.

Emails sent to Samsung India and Apple seeking comment did not elicit any
response till Thursday press time.

Both companies are fighting to dominate the premium smartphone segment in India,
where handsets are priced over Rs 30,000. The Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge are crucial
for Samsung, which wants to be the clear leader in this segment.

Apple, too, does not want to lose ground after chief executive Tim Cook recently
talked about investing more in India to gain lead. Recent market share reports
have failed to identify a clear leader in the

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             414 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             March 5, 2016 Saturday

Samsung to spend record Rs 100cr on S7 promotions to get an edge over Apple

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 487 words


KOLKATA: The fight between Samsung Electronics and Apple in India is set to
intensify, with the Korean company planning to spend a record sum on marketing
and promotion for the new flagship Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge that will be unveiled
next week and its US rival drawing up a counter-strategy.

Samsung may invest about Rs 100 crore on marketing its latest smartphones, which
will be launched in India around March 8 and go on sale from the third week of
March at prices that could match Apple's iPhone 6s models. It has asked dealers
to ensure maximum mileage for the Samsung brand on shop floors, three senior
industry executives said.

To take on Samsung, Apple has told dealers that it will have additional consumer
promotion and is considering reducing prices on some models. The company has
lined up a counter-marketing budget of Rs 30-40 crore, the executives said.

"This is the first time Apple is reacting to a flagship launch from Samsung in
India, signifying how important the Indian market is emerging for both the
smartphone giants," said one executive. "While Samsung is tightening the trade,
Apple has told us to expect something big."

Samsung India has issued an advisory linking payments to dealers to the
visibility of its branding on store fronts and inside. It asked retailers to
ensure its brand billboard is the first one above the shop entrance and only its
brands be displayed on store walls.

Industry executives said Samsung may offer the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge at a
cheaper rate than the Rs 50,000-plus launch price for last year's flagship
Galaxy S6. The company is looking at a price of about Rs 45,000 to compete with
iPhone 6s that's selling at Rs 44,000-45,000. The Korean company has advised
dealers that any discounting will entail strict disciplinary action, including
blacklisting, since it does not want a price war on the new models, industry
executives said. Apple distributors have started taking feedback from the key
trade partners in India on the level of support that might be required to
counter Samsung's new launches.

"Samsung's recent launches such as Galaxy A5 and A7 had gained a lot of share,
which has already irked Apple. Apple has now informed the traders that it will
offer additional consumer and trade promotion on its entire line up and may also
cut prices," a senior trade partner of the company said.

Emails sent to Samsung India and Apple seeking comment did not elicit any
response till Thursday press time.

Both companies are fighting to dominate the premium smartphone segment in India,
where handsets are priced over Rs 30,000. The Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge are crucial
for Samsung, which wants to be the clear leader in this segment.

Apple, too, does not want to lose ground after chief executive Tim Cook recently
talked about investing more in India to gain lead. Recent market share reports
have failed to identify a clear leader in the

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             415 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             April 12, 2016 Tuesday

HTC 10 equals Galaxy S7 in the latest camera comparison

LENGTH: 397  words


HTC 10 will obviously get compared to Galaxy S7 and in the camera comparison
department, both devices perform equally

HTC 10 has been officially announced, and the very first thing that we will do
is compare one of its weapons to the competition. On this occasion, HTC has been
bragging about how impressive the camera is going to be and went as far as
labelling it as the UltraPixel 2. The 12MP sensor according to DxOMark was able
to score 88 points, which is in line with Galaxy S7 edge, and 1 point higher
than Galaxy S7, which scored 87 points.

According to the details of the tests, the camera of HTC 10 performs
terrifically, as stated by the following pros:

Image capture Very good details preservation in all conditions
Fast and accurate autofocus in all conditions
Good exposure
Good noise reduction in low light conditions
Generally good white balance and accurate color rendering
Video capture Good stabilization
Good exposure
Good white balance and color rendering in all conditions
Accurate and fast autofocus

However, while the device's camera performs beyond our expectations, you will
obviously encounter some drawbacks, which have been listed below:

Image capture Visible loss of sharpness in the corners with respect to the
center
In some outdoor pictures, the highlights are slightly blown out
Some luminance noise visible in the sky
Using flash with no other light source, some attenuation and noise visible in
the corners
Video capture Some residual motion in walking movements
Luminance noise visible in low light conditions
Occasional focus failures while panning (device stays unfocussed)

Looking at these scores, we have to say that the company has significantly
improve the camera side of things. As for the different color models HTC 10 will
ship in four models: Carbon Grey, Glacier Silver, Topaz Gold, and Camellia Red,
and they'll come in two versions with different Qualcomm Snapdragon processors
depending on the market. The company is also charging a pre-order price of $700
from HTC.com starting today. Here are tbreak.com, our quest to provide you with
the ultimate Android smartphone of 2016 will continue with comparison posts and
more so let us know which comparison you want to see next.

DxOMark

Source

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/85/146053199663.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/30/146053199966.PNG



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/47/146053200236.PNG



LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             416 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            December 28, 2015 Monday

Two models rumored for Galaxy S7 release

LENGTH: 362 words


With the launch date of Samsung Electronics' Galaxy S7 nearing, market
speculation is rampant about the looks and specifications of the latest
smartphone model.

A local media outlet reported Monday that Samsung's new Galaxy smartphone will
come in two variants -- one equipped with a 5.2-inch display and the other with
a 5.5.-inch curved display.

Samsung's move for the next flagship handset is aimed at beating its archrival
Apple, which has also deployed a two-track strategy by releasing two products
for a single lineup last year.

Samsung Electronics' Galaxy Note 5 (left) and Galaxy S6 Edge Plus. (Yonhap)

The Cupertino-based tech firm took the wraps off the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
last September, triggering handset-makers to competitively release a single
flagship lineup with different specifications at the same time to cater to the
various tastes of users.

Aiming to steal Apple's thunder, the Korean tech giant unveiled the Galaxy Note
5 and Galaxy S6 Edge Plus, both of which boast a 5.7-inch display, a month
before the unveiling event of Apple's iPhones.

The news report on Monday cited an unknown source as saying, "Samsung is
preparing the two-track strategy to more specifically target the premium
market."

Squeezed by Apple and Chinese upstarts including Xiaomi, Samsung saw its
presence in the high-end smartphone segment decline in recent months.

"The plan to release the two Galaxy S7 variants seem to be Samsung's efforts to
boost its downward sales trajectory," a market official said.

News reports also said that Samsung expects the entire shipment of its mobile
phones to barely surpass 4 billion units, similar to this year's figure, setting
the initial production volume for the flat-screen Galaxy S7 at 3.3 million, and
for the curved-screen model at 1.6 million.

Samsung was the largest smartphone-maker by sales in the world during the
July-September period with its market share reaching 23.8 percent, beating those
of runners-up Apple and Huawei, at 13.5 percent and 7.5 percent, respectively,
according to market research firm IDC. The Korean firm shipped 845 million
smartphone units in the cited period.

By Kim Young-won (wone0102@heraldcorp.c

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             417 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                             April 17, 2016 Sunday

Smartphone comparison: Samsung Galaxy S7 Vs. HTC 10

LENGTH: 904 words


by Faisal Mohammed Naim faisal@timesofoman.com  Two of the best Android
smartphones pitted against each other


With almost the same specs, loaded with the latest technology, and the biggest
numbers, this duel is going to be a tough one. Finally, whoever be the winner,
we believe the other is no less. It's all about brand preferences.



Design

The best looking HTC so far, the 10 makes a very bold statement. Like its
predecessor, (the M9), the HTC 10 feels sturdy, crafted from a single block of
aluminium, featuring a new angled bevel that shimmers in the light, appearing
smooth or textured depending on the environment.

Even though slightly wide for comfortable single thumb operation, the 10 finds
good balance between the screen size and overall dimensions. The second speaker
on the device has been moved from the front to the underside, accommodating a
front-facing fingerprint sensor in its place.

The Galaxy S7 looks exotic in its glass and metal construction, but feels
fragile. The seams and joints on the body also look to weaken in due course (we
are sure you would have changed your phone by then anyway).

The typical camera bump (or hump) on the backside of the previous Galaxy has
been considerably reduced, but the protrusion still remains. Packing a bigger
battery than its predecessor, the S6, the new S7 is IP68 waterproof up to 1
metre and one hour, and dustproof as well.

S7: 4/5

10: 4.5/5

Features

Both the contenders pack a punch. Each has the latest processor Qualcomm
Snapdragon 820, along with 4GB RAM, 32GB of internal storage, 12MP rear cameras,
5MP front cameras, and a variety of value-added options. However, the HTC
storage is expandable up to a mammoth 2TB, while the Samsung can only go up till
200GB.

The S7 is waterproof with no visible external seals or gaskets, and can be
charged wirelessly. On the other hand, the HTC 10 has a USB Type-C port with USB
3.1 transfer speeds, which future proofs it for many years to come. The S7 still
uses microUSB port with USB 2.0 transfer speeds, perhaps to maintain
compatibility with the Gear VR.

The S7 has the edge in terms of screen technology. While the 10 features the
fifth generation Super LCD - one of the best LCDs currently, the S7 comes with
Super AMOLED: Better in terms of vibrance, viewing angles, and brightness,
especially outdoors.

Both devices have fingerprint scanners on the front, but here the HTC looks
superior. The 10's home button is more capacitive than physical, preventing
future mechanical problems, and the device can be unlocked without turning the
screen on, the feature absent on the S7. The HTC's fingerprint scanner also
seems faster and more responsive.
On the power front, both devices are equipped with 3,000mAh non-removable
battery, and feature almost the same backup.

S7: 4/5

10: 4/5

Camera

HTC has long suffered in this segment, and while this time it has improved its
performance significantly, it still is not up to the leader in mobile camera
technology yet.

Both the 10 and S7 sport 12MP rear camera, but the Galaxy S7 is able to focus,
expose and shoot faster than the HTC 10, in any light condition and with very
little compromise.

However, Samsung lags behind the HTC in picture originality as it manipulates
images applying artificial sharpening and noise reduction to make photos look
crisper on the mobile screen. The flaw is however clearly exposed on bigger
screens like PC or laptop. The 10, though takes more time adjusting the
exposure, captures more true to life images.

Both the phones feature professional modes, which allow for manual tweaking of
shutter speed, focus, exposure and light sensitivity. With a bit of tweaking,
the HTC 10's slightly larger pixels; 1.55 microns compared to S7's 1.4 - k
produce cleaner shots that are more easily editable post-production.

For the selfie camera, both are up with 5MP camera, however, the 10 also
features optical image stabilisation, a first in the industry for front cameras.


S7: 4.5/5

10: 4/5

Software

Both devices run on Android 6.0.1, but the HTC interface feels much better than
Samsung. It always has: No overload of features and useless widgets, and still
retains the more useful power user shortcuts, such as Motion Gestures and quick
music streaming. Features like Personal Audio Profile, which optimises sound
output for your specific headphones, are just awesome.

The ever overloaded Samsung has also tried to shed the unnecessary load a bit in
the S7, but still nowhere close to the 10. Though the service duplication is
toned down, there is still too much mirroring - from own browser to app market.


HTC's default theme also has some of the nicest icons on any Android device, and
also HTC has struck deals with Facebook to pre-instal its core app plus
Messenger and Instagram.

S7: 3.5/5

10: 4.5/5

Conclusion

If Samsung has a somewhat better screen, and little better camera results, HTC
has got much better hardware, and super-awesome design. If the S7 is water and
dust proof (only to a little extent), the HTC 10 has solid construction. When it
comes to premium all poisons are just great and it is all a matter of degree and
taste. None of the device is going to disappoint.


TOO Verdict: Just for the sake of it, we go with the HTC 10. No camera bump and
real solid construction. We let the design take it home.


© Muscat Press and Publishing House SAOC 2016 Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
(Syndigate.info).

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2016 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             418 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                              March 4, 2016 Friday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Samsung Plans Rs 100-cr Star War for Galaxy

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: THE ECONOMIC TIMES

LENGTH: 485 words


The fight between Samsung Electronics and Apple in India is set to intensify ,
with the Korean company planning to spend a record sum on marketing and
promotion for the new flagship Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge that will be unveiled next
week and its US rival drawing up a counter-strategy .

Samsung may invest about ' . 100 crore on marketing its latest smartphones,
which will be launched in India around March 8 and go on sale from the third
week of March at prices that could match Apple's iPhone 6s models. It has asked
dealers to ensure maximum mileage for the Samsung brand on shop floors, three
senior industry executives said.

To take on Samsung, Apple has told dealers that it will have additional consumer
promotion and is considering reducing prices on some models. The company has
lined up a counter-marketing budget of ' . 30-40 crore, the executives said.

"This is the first time Apple is reacting to a flagship

launch from Samsung in India, signifying how important the Indian market is
emerging for both the smartphone giants," said one executive. "While Samsung is
tightening the trade, Apple has told us to

expect something big."

Samsung India has issued an advisory linking payments to dealers to he
visibility of its branding on store ronts and inside.

It asked retailers to ensure its brand billboard is the first one above the hop
entrance and only its brands be displayed on store walls.

Industry executives said Samsung may offer the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge at

. 50,000-plus launch price for a cheaper rate than the ' last year's flagship
Galaxy S6.

. 45,000 to The company is looking at a price of about ' compete with the iPhone
6s that's currently selling at '44,000-45,000.

The Korean company has advised dealers that any discounting will entail strict
disciplinary action, including blacklisting, since it does not want a price war
on the new models, industry executives said. Apple distributors have started
taking feedback from key trade partners in India on the level of support that
might be required to counter Samsung's new launches.

"Samsung's recent launches such as Galaxy A5 and A7 had gained a lot of share,
which has already irked Apple. Apple has informed traders that it will offer
additional consumer and trade promotion on its entire line-up and may also cut
prices," a senior trade partner of the company said. Emails sent to Samsung
India and Apple seeking comment did not elicit any response till Thursday press
time.

Both companies are fighting to dominate the premium smartphone segment in India,
where handsets are priced over '. 30,000. The Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge are crucial
for Samsung, which wants to be the clear leader in this segment.

Apple, too, does not want to lose ground after chief executive Tim Cook recently
talked about investing more in India to gain lead. Recent market share reports
have failed to identify a clear leader in the premium smartphone segment in
India.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             419 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                              March 4, 2016 Friday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Samsung Plans Rs 100-cr Star War for Galaxy

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: THE ECONOMIC TIMES

LENGTH: 485 words


The fight between Samsung Electronics and Apple in India is set to intensify ,
with the Korean company planning to spend a record sum on marketing and
promotion for the new flagship Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge that will be unveiled next
week and its US rival drawing up a counter-strategy .

Samsung may invest about ' . 100 crore on marketing its latest smartphones,
which will be launched in India around March 8 and go on sale from the third
week of March at prices that could match Apple's iPhone 6s models. It has asked
dealers to ensure maximum mileage for the Samsung brand on shop floors, three
senior industry executives said.

To take on Samsung, Apple has told dealers that it will have additional consumer
promotion and is considering reducing prices on some models. The company has
lined up a counter-marketing budget of ' . 30-40 crore, the executives said.

"This is the first time Apple is reacting to a flagship

launch from Samsung in India, signifying how important the Indian market is
emerging for both the smartphone giants," said one executive. "While Samsung is
tightening the trade, Apple has told us to

expect something big."

Samsung India has issued an advisory linking payments to dealers to he
visibility of its branding on store ronts and inside.

It asked retailers to ensure its brand billboard is the first one above the hop
entrance and only its brands be displayed on store walls.

Industry executives said Samsung may offer the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge at

. 50,000-plus launch price for a cheaper rate than the ' last year's flagship
Galaxy S6.

. 45,000 to The company is looking at a price of about ' compete with the iPhone
6s that's currently selling at '44,000-45,000.

The Korean company has advised dealers that any discounting will entail strict
disciplinary action, including blacklisting, since it does not want a price war
on the new models, industry executives said. Apple distributors have started
taking feedback from key trade partners in India on the level of support that
might be required to counter Samsung's new launches.

"Samsung's recent launches such as Galaxy A5 and A7 had gained a lot of share,
which has already irked Apple. Apple has informed traders that it will offer
additional consumer and trade promotion on its entire line-up and may also cut
prices," a senior trade partner of the company said. Emails sent to Samsung
India and Apple seeking comment did not elicit any response till Thursday press
time.

Both companies are fighting to dominate the premium smartphone segment in India,
where handsets are priced over '. 30,000. The Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge are crucial
for Samsung, which wants to be the clear leader in this segment.

Apple, too, does not want to lose ground after chief executive Tim Cook recently
talked about investing more in India to gain lead. Recent market share reports
have failed to identify a clear leader in the premium smartphone segment in
India.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             420 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                              March 4, 2016 Friday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Samsung Plans Rs 100-cr Star War for Galaxy

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: THE ECONOMIC TIMES

LENGTH: 485 words


The fight between Samsung Electronics and Apple in India is set to intensify ,
with the Korean company planning to spend a record sum on marketing and
promotion for the new flagship Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge that will be unveiled next
week and its US rival drawing up a counter-strategy .

Samsung may invest about ' . 100 crore on marketing its latest smartphones,
which will be launched in India around March 8 and go on sale from the third
week of March at prices that could match Apple's iPhone 6s models. It has asked
dealers to ensure maximum mileage for the Samsung brand on shop floors, three
senior industry executives said.

To take on Samsung, Apple has told dealers that it will have additional consumer
promotion and is considering reducing prices on some models. The company has
lined up a counter-marketing budget of ' . 30-40 crore, the executives said.

"This is the first time Apple is reacting to a flagship

launch from Samsung in India, signifying how important the Indian market is
emerging for both the smartphone giants," said one executive. "While Samsung is
tightening the trade, Apple has told us to

expect something big."

Samsung India has issued an advisory linking payments to dealers to he
visibility of its branding on store ronts and inside.

It asked retailers to ensure its brand billboard is the first one above the hop
entrance and only its brands be displayed on store walls.

Industry executives said Samsung may offer the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge at

. 50,000-plus launch price for a cheaper rate than the ' last year's flagship
Galaxy S6.

. 45,000 to The company is looking at a price of about ' compete with the iPhone
6s that's currently selling at '44,000-45,000.

The Korean company has advised dealers that any discounting will entail strict
disciplinary action, including blacklisting, since it does not want a price war
on the new models, industry executives said. Apple distributors have started
taking feedback from key trade partners in India on the level of support that
might be required to counter Samsung's new launches.

"Samsung's recent launches such as Galaxy A5 and A7 had gained a lot of share,
which has already irked Apple. Apple has informed traders that it will offer
additional consumer and trade promotion on its entire line-up and may also cut
prices," a senior trade partner of the company said. Emails sent to Samsung
India and Apple seeking comment did not elicit any response till Thursday press
time.

Both companies are fighting to dominate the premium smartphone segment in India,
where handsets are priced over '. 30,000. The Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge are crucial
for Samsung, which wants to be the clear leader in this segment.

Apple, too, does not want to lose ground after chief executive Tim Cook recently
talked about investing more in India to gain lead. Recent market share reports
have failed to identify a clear leader in the premium smartphone segment in
India.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             421 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                              May 3, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung smartphones 'available' at Re 1 as part of 'Make for India Celebrations'

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 286 words


Samsung India is selling smartphones for Re 1 as part of 'Make for India
Celebrations'. The buyers can pay the remaining amount in 10 EMIs, according to
the company's website. There are attractive discounts on several ofother
smartphones too. These include Galaxy S6, Galaxy Note 5, Galaxy A7, Galaxy A5
and Galaxy Grand Prime 4G.Other than smartphones, the company is also offering
deals on TVs, ACs, Refrigerators, washing machines and microwave.The world's
largest smartphone maker Samsung recently reported better-than-expected jump in
net profits, boosted by the successful early release of its new flagship Galaxy
S7. The company rolled out the latest version of its Galaxy S series, Galaxy S7
smartphone, in March.The strong Galaxy S7 performance came in the face of a
flattening global smartphone market that saw arch-rival Apple report its
first-ever drop in iPhone sales since launching the handset in 2007.According to
research firm IDC, the worldwide smartphone market saw its slowest growth in the
first quarter, growing just 0.2%. In India too, Samsung recently claimed that it
has overtaken Apple to top India's premium smartphone segment in the
January-March quarter.

Hong Kong-based shipment tracker Counterpoint Research's figures show thatin
January-March rose to 62% from 35% in the preceding quarter. Apple's share, in
contrast, fell to 37% from 55%. GfK, which tracks end-consumer sales in
50,000-plus population markets, had narrowly placedat the top in the
October-December quarter last year. However, its lead has widened substantially
and as per GfK estimates, the Korean company's market share in the January-March
quarter is 50% as opposed to Apple's 41%.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             422 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday
                               hyderabad Edition

Samsung launches S7 devices to take on Apple

BYLINE: Pankaj.Doval@timesgroup.com

SECTION: TIMES BUSINESS

LENGTH: 355 words


Samsung on Tuesday launched its flagship Galaxy S7 smartphone in the Indian
market at a time when formidable rival Apple has been fighting hard in the
premium end of the smartphone category.

The new devices, priced at Rs 48,900 (for the S7) and Rs 56,900 (for the S7
Edge), are a step-up to the previous generation devices as they come with an
option of expandable memory , dual SIM slot, waterproof casing, and a special
services package for buyers. The Galaxy S7 features a 5.1-inch display and a
3,000 mAh battery, while the S7 Edge has a 5.5inch display and a 3,600 mAh
battery .

Manu Sharma, director for the company's mobile business, said Samsung expects to
gain market share in the premium segment with the launch of the new devices that
were showcased recently at

the Mobile World Congress at Barcelona. However, analysts said that the demand
in the premium segment is currently not very buoyant, and there remains a strong
trend for Apple and its iOS operating system. "While Samsung has priced the new
devices very aggressively , this is not a very favourable time for premium
products as buyers are not very enthusiastic," Faisal Kawoosa from Cyber Media
Research said. "There are sluggish sentiments in the market."

Kawoosa said breaking the stronghold of Apple's iOS ecosystem in the premium end
is

increasingly proving to be tougher for Android-run devices. "It is very
difficult to penetrate through a community that is looking for Apple products.
Probably Android is failing in the premium segment."

Tarun Pathak of Counterpoint Technology market research, said the
October-December'15 quarter had Apple surging ahead of Samsung in the over Rs
30,000 category ."However, I expect that Samsung will take a lead with the new
products. It is though very seasonal here and the situation will change once
Apple get its new upgraded devices."

Samsung's Sharma, however, said that the company has an edge over Apple in the
premium segment and the new devices will help widen this further. "There are a
host of new features that we offer through the new products.The 'Samsung
Concierge' delivers personalised experience for users."

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             423 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             August 8, 2016 Monday

Samsung hints at eliminating flat-screen Galaxy S

LENGTH: 348 words


[THE INVESTOR] NEW YORK -- When Samsung Electronics first launched the Galaxy S6
Edge featuring a curved display in 2015, it caught the eyes of many thanks to
its stunning, unprecedented design.

However, Samsung fell short of gaining traction in sales as it failed to catch
up with the demand for the S7 Edge due to glitches in producing the display
curved on both sides.

Journalists and industry officials try out Samsung Galaxy Note 7 at the launch
event held in New York on Aug. 2. Samsung Electronics

Now having achieved a rather satisfactory level of production yields for the
Edge display, Samsung said it would put more focus on smartphone models with the
curved display in the future, hinting it could eventually eliminate the
flat-screen Galaxy S model down the road.

"Samsung has considered that it would make the edge display as the identity of
the Galaxy S smartphone lineup if the company can provide consumers
differentiated user experience through software and user-friendly functions (for
the curved screen)," said Koh Dong-jin, the head of the tech giant's mobile
business, in a media interview in New York last week.

It takes no rocket scientist to assume the Galaxy Note 7, a curved-screen
large-size smartphone unveiled last week, will serve as a touchstone for Samsung
to decide to roll out a single model with a curved screen for future Samsung
flagships, including the Galaxy S8, which will be released next year.

Since 2015, Samsung has rolled out its flagship smartphone along with an Edge
variant -- the Galaxy S6 and S7 came with the S6 Edge and S7 Edge, respectively.

The tech giant, however, recently unveiled the Note 7 featuring the curved
display without the Edge name for the first time.

Samsung said it saw the sales of the Galaxy S7 Edge, released in February,
exceed those of its flat-screen sibling.

"Samsung will not likely get rid of the flat-screen Galaxy S smartphone model
right away, but if the market response is positive with the Note 7, it would
surely serve as a cue for Samsung to focus only on the Edge model," a market
watcher said.

By Kim Young-won (

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             424 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                         May 9, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

New leaked images of Galaxy C5 show more about to be launched Samsung device

BYLINE: John DiPietro

LENGTH: 790  words


Samsung's financial report for the first quarter suggests that the company was
not able to promote sales of its Galaxy S7 smartphones that were launched in
February. Samsung's all-new flagship smartphones, the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge,
managed to generate much lower sales than expected by the company management.

There were other Samsung devices released this year, including some 'Galaxy A'
and 'Galaxy J', which are mid-range devices. However, nothing received
popularity like the company's upcoming Galaxy C5 smartphone is receiving.

There are several real life images of this smartphone. These leaks are viral on
the Internet. A recent leak is being circulated crazily over the Internet. Let's
see what it suggests about the yet not arrived smartphone. The two new image of
Galaxy C5 reveal both sides of the mobile. It is observed that it will resemble
a bit to Galaxy S7, but its back side would appear very different as it is not
covered with glass.

The Galaxy C5 has metal body, which is unibody build. The battery could not be
removed and it will spot a physical home button just below display. The home
button will have fingerprint scanner built on it and will have two capacitive
keys along. The specification of the smartphone is available on GFXBench and
AnTuTu.

According to benchmarks info, the device will have a 5.5-inch 1080p (1920 x
1080) display, along with 4GB of RAM and 32GB of native storage. The device will
be fueled by the Snapdragon 615 or 617 64-bit octa-core processor by Qualcomm,
accompanied by the Adreno 405 GPU for graphics.

There will be 16-megapixel camera on the back of the device, and will have an
8-megapixel camera on front. It will feature Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow. The
launch details have not been yet disclosed.According to a report in Android
Headlines by Kristijan Lucic, "The Galaxy C5 has posed for the camera yet again
it seems, as you can see in the gallery down below. These two images give us a
good look of both sides of the

Galaxy C5, and they basically confirm all the leaks we've seen thus far. The
Galaxy C5 will resemble the Galaxy S7 quite a bit, though its back side looks
somewhat different because the company opted not include glass here. The

Galaxy C5 is made out of metal, and it sports a unibody build. Its battery will
not be removable, and the physical home button is placed below the display. The
fingerprint scanner is built into the home button, and two capacitive keys

will flank that physical key (overview and back, respectively)."

The Galaxy C5 has been benchmarked by both GFXBench and AnTuTu already, which
means we basically already know what specs will it sport. According to
benchmarks info, the Galaxy C5 will feature a 5.5-inch 1080p (1920 x

1080) display, along with 4GB of RAM and 32GB of native storage. The device will
be fueled by the Snapdragon 615 or 617 64-bit octa-core processor by Qualcomm,
accompanied by the Adreno 405 GPU for graphics. The 16-

megapixel camera will be included on the back of the device, and an 8-megapixel
snapper will be placed up front. Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow will come
pre-installed on the Galaxy C5, and on top of it, you'll be able to find

Samsung's custom UI, as always. We still don't know when will Samsung introduce
this smartphone, but based on the number of leaks we've seen, it will happen
sooner rather than later.

"Earlier this month, some images of the alleged Galaxy C5 were leaked on to the
internet giving us a glimpse of what the handset will look like. If those were
not enough for you, some more images of the Galaxy C5 surfaced on

Weibo showing us a clearer image of the alleged device," according to a news
report published by Geeky-Gadgets.

Earlier this month, some images of the alleged Galaxy C5 were leaked on to the
internet giving us a glimpse of what the handset will look like. If those were
not enough for you, some more images of the Galaxy C5 surfaced on

Weibo showing us a clearer image of the alleged device.

A report published in Christian Post said, "As seen in the purported images, the
Galaxy C5 may be coming with a sleek metallic body, which is said to be quite
the same with the recent HTC phone models such as the HTC 10 and

the HTC A9. It's also noted to appear like the iPhone 6 in terms of the style,
appearing a tad bit glossy because of a silicone case."

It may also be equipped under the hood with an octa-core Snapdragon 617
processor paired with 4 GB of RAM and Adreno 405 GPU graphics. The device will
be clocked at 1.5 GHz and will be pre-installed with Android 6.0.1

Marshmallow topped with Samsung's Touchwiz UX. Moreover, Pocket-Lint detailed
that the device may come with a 16-megapixel rear camera and an 8-megapixel
selfie camera. A dual-tone LED flash is also found at the back

panel.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             425 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             March 3, 2016 Thursday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Apple has some catching up to do against Samsung;
New Galaxy features sound a lot cooler than the new, smaller iPhone

BYLINE: Jefferson Graham, @jeffersongraham, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 401 words


Have you seen those TV ads for Samsung's new Galaxy smartphone? In the spots,
the company does a killer job of pointing out new and very welcome features.

In my mind, they drove home what seems to have become more apparent over the
last several months: Apple has a lot of catch-up to do to create a product that
really captures  attention.

Samsung's new Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge phones, out March 11, are water resistant,
which is great. They bring back the expandable memory slot (for those of us who
hate getting those out-of-memory messages), and more important, it comes with 32
GB of storage, which is twice what Apple offers on entry-level phones. (Apple's
phones start with 16 GB of memory, which goes really fast once you start adding
apps, photos, videos and music.)

The phones aren't cheap, starting at $669 and $779, without a contract. Best Buy
offers the phones for $199 with a two-year subsidized contract.

Apple's last iPhone, the 6S, starts at $649 without a contract and was the first
to show sales that didn't grow substantially over the previous model. Consumers
either thought their current iPhones were good enough or the new features Apple
touted for the 6S, like 3-D touch for shortcuts, improved camera that can shoot
videos in 4K resolution and having personal digital assistant Siri always on,
were a meh.

While Galaxy is clearly No. 2 to iPhone sales -- roughly 800 million iPhones
sold to more than 250 million Galaxy S phones -- Samsung's recent models haven't
seen huge growth.

Apple is expected to introduce a new iPhone in a few weeks, and based on initial
reports, it's a total yawn. It's the same iPhone as the 6S but in a smaller body
(for those who think the current iPhones are too big). The phone is expected to
have a 4-inch screen, compared with 5.1 inches for the S7 and 5.5 for S7 Edge,
and basically replaces the iPhone 5c, which was initially released in 2013.

Beyond the new features of the Galaxy S7, Samsung buyers are poised for the next
big thing -- 360-degree virtual reality, a movement we've yet to hear a peep
from Apple on.

Maybe Apple has a surprise for its March event we haven't been signaled on yet.
And we do know that traditionally, the real new iPhone, the one with a major
redesign that comes every two years, is in September.

Who knows what Apple will come up with for the fall? But this much is clear --
Apple really does have a lot of catching up to do.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo 9to5Mac

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             426 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           August 24, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung's clamshell smartphone 'Veyron's' specifications leaked

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 305 words


NEW DELHI: More details about Samsung's flip-phone, said to be Galaxy S7 reborn
in clamshell form, have emerged. The smartphone codenamed "Veyron" has been
spotted in GeekBench mobile testing website along with some
specifications.According to the listing, the smartphone features a 4.2-inch
display and will be powered by a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor,
clubbed with 4GB RAM. The handset has been listed by the model number SM-W2017
and runs Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow out of the box.

Nothing else is known about the handset yet.Although there is no official
confirmation on the device's launch date or the countries it will be launching
in first, the device is being said to first debut in China like its predecessor,
Samsung W2016. Design-wise it is likely to sport the same design as the previous
Samsung W2016.The smartphone is said to be inspired from sports car Bugatti
Veyron. The codename 'Veyron' for the smartphone too is said to have been kept
to emphasise on the power of the device.The South Korean giant today launched
its third Tizen OS-based smartphone Z2 in India. Priced at Rs 4,590, the handset
will be available on Paytm and offline stores starting August 29. It will come
in Gold and Black colour variants.The handset running on the company's own Tizen
OS comes bundled with free Reliance Jio sim and 4G data services (for a limited
period).Samsung has slashed the prices of its flagship smartphones - Galaxy S7
and S7 Edge, in India. Both the devices have received a reduction of Rs 5,000
each in their prices, according to Mumbai-based retailer Mahesh Telecom.Samsung
Galaxy S7, which was launched at a price of Rs 48,900, is now available at Rs
43,400. On the other hand, the Galaxy S7 Edge is now available at Rs 50,900,
having been launched at Rs 56,900.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             427 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           August 24, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung's clamshell smartphone 'Veyron's' specifications leaked

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 305 words


NEW DELHI: More details about Samsung's flip-phone, said to be Galaxy S7 reborn
in clamshell form, have emerged. The smartphone codenamed "Veyron" has been
spotted in GeekBench mobile testing website along with some
specifications.According to the listing, the smartphone features a 4.2-inch
display and will be powered by a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor,
clubbed with 4GB RAM. The handset has been listed by the model number SM-W2017
and runs Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow out of the box.

Nothing else is known about the handset yet.Although there is no official
confirmation on the device's launch date or the countries it will be launching
in first, the device is being said to first debut in China like its predecessor,
Samsung W2016. Design-wise it is likely to sport the same design as the previous
Samsung W2016.The smartphone is said to be inspired from sports car Bugatti
Veyron. The codename 'Veyron' for the smartphone too is said to have been kept
to emphasise on the power of the device.The South Korean giant today launched
its third Tizen OS-based smartphone Z2 in India. Priced at Rs 4,590, the handset
will be available on Paytm and offline stores starting August 29. It will come
in Gold and Black colour variants.The handset running on the company's own Tizen
OS comes bundled with free Reliance Jio sim and 4G data services (for a limited
period).Samsung has slashed the prices of its flagship smartphones - Galaxy S7
and S7 Edge, in India. Both the devices have received a reduction of Rs 5,000
each in their prices, according to Mumbai-based retailer Mahesh Telecom.Samsung
Galaxy S7, which was launched at a price of Rs 48,900, is now available at Rs
43,400. On the other hand, the Galaxy S7 Edge is now available at Rs 50,900,
having been launched at Rs 56,900.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             428 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             July 14, 2016 Thursday

This is how the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 might look like

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 268 words


NEW DELHI: While Samsung is gearing up to launch its next Galaxy Note phablet on
August 2, images of it were apparently leaked on Weibo. The leaked image
confirms that as widely rumoured the Galaxy Note 7 will come with dual-edge
display, like the one seen on the flagship Galaxy S7 edge. However, the device
will sport the form factor of the earlier Galaxy Note 5.The next Galaxy Note
phablet is also confirmed to be named Galaxy Note 7 and not Note 6. Explaining
the 'new naming' Samsung said, "There are a couple reasons why.

First, the Galaxy Note 7 will complement our Galaxy S7 and S7 edge, and unify
our product portfolio. Second, the Galaxy Note7 will minimize confusion about
the latest mobile technology from Samsung, and provide full alignment with
Galaxy S smartphone."The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 will reportedly start at a price
of Euro 849 in Europe, roughly translating to around Rs 63,000. The device is
confirmed to run Android Marshmallow and not the latest Nougat version. The
device is also tipped to be water and dust resistant.The Galaxy Note 7 will
reportedly sport a 5.7-inch QHD display of 1440x2560 pixel resolution. The
device is also supposed to feature an iris scanner. There are varying reports
about the Galaxy Note 7's RAM, while some reports claim that the phablet will
house 6GB RAM, others hint at 4GB RAM.Earlier reports suggest that the
smartphone to be powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor and have 32GB
in-built storage with microSD card support. Other rumoured specifications
include a 12MP rear camera with a dual-pixel setup.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             429 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            April 28, 2016 Thursday

Samsung Electronics Q1 net profit up 13.55%

LENGTH: 217 words


Samsung Electronics said Thursday its net profit advanced 13.55 percent on-year
to 5.25 trillion won ($4.56 billion) in the first quarter, on the back of brisk
sales of its latest flagship smartphones.

Sales gained 5.65 percent on-year to 49.7 trillion won, while operating profit
rose 11.65 percent to 6.67 trillion won, Samsung said in its regulatory filing.
The results were mostly in line with an earnings guidance released earlier this
month.

Samsung said its IT and mobile communications business posted an operating
profit of 3.89 trillion won, up 42 percent from a year earlier. The company
attributed the performance to the strong sales of the Galaxy S7 series, which
went on sale in March.

The tech firm has been suffering from the sluggish performance of its mobile
division, especially due to competition from Chinese rivals.

The company said the Galaxy S7 is gaining popularity around the globe, including
in North America and Europe.

The Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge smartphones were first showcased at a trade
fair in Spain in February.

Samsung's chip business, which emerged as the firm's new main source of profit
for last year amid sagging smartphone sales, posted an operating profit of 2.63
trillion won, down 10 percent from the 2.93 trillion won posted a year earlier.

(khnews@heraldcorp.c

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             430 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            September 4, 2016 Sunday

Samsung Electronics announces exchange offer for Galaxy Note 7 with Galaxy S7
Edge or S7;
In addition, affected customers will also receive a $25 credit on their phone
bill or an equivalent gift card.-- Delivered by Feed43 service

BYLINE: FE Online

LENGTH: 247  words


In addition, affected customers will also receive a $25 credit on their phone
bill or an equivalent gift card.

After Samsung Electronics recalled Galaxy Note 7 smartphones due to a flaw in
its battery, the company has now announced that it will offer its users an
exchange offer, where they can swap their Galaxy Note 7 with Galaxy S7 or S7
Edge in the coming week. In addition, affected customers will also receive a $25
credit on their phone bill or an equivalent gift card.

The recall came just over two weeks after the company launched the phone. It
follows reports of the 988,900 won ($885) phone igniting while charging.
"Samsung is taking a proactive approach to address customer needs around the
Note 7," Tim Baxter, president of Samsung Electronics America said in a
statement.

"To date (as of September 1) there have been 35 cases that have been reported
globally and we are currently conducting a thorough inspection with our
suppliers to identify possible affected batteries in the market," said Samsung
in a statement.

Apple is expected to launch its new iPhone next week and this can also hit
Samsung's business. Strategy Analytics said the combined cost of the recall and
lost sales would lop $5 billion off Samsung's smartphone revenue this year and
cut smartphone profit margin by 1.5 percent.

Samsung had launched its flagship device, Galaxy Note 7 in India in August and
was priced at Rs 59,900, but due to global complaints of exploding devices, the
sale has been delayed.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             431 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                              June 13, 2016 Monday

Taiwan Through a smartphone lens

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 376 words


THAI photographer Theerasak Saksritawee, also known by his moniker "Popumon",
has come out with his latest work on the gorgeous sights and views of Taiwan
titled Lost In Taiwan. Using the Galaxy S7 edge smartphone, he has managed to
feature the rich cultural and ecological characteristics of the country from the
dexterity of the incense maker in the 100-year-old "Wu Wan-Chun" incense shop to
the humble dialogue between the mortals and the gods conveyed by the "Eight
Infernal Generals" in Tainan City.

In Keelung, he captured a landscaping feature made of four million PET bottles
that mimics the famous painting Starry Night by Vincent Van Gogh. In Nantou, he
provided a brand-new perspective of the lush greenery of the Bagua tea fields
and Golden Dragon Mountain in Zhushan village at dawn. He also created a unique
portrait of the Taiwan blue magpie in perfect harmony with fireflies on an early
summer night. Saksritawee has managed to unveil the island's hidden beauty. Its
outstanding low light shooting function provides a brand-new perspective on
Taiwan's rich nightlife.

Saksritawee photographed frommorning to night to convey the multifaceted beauty
and stories of Taiwan. Along the way, he discovered that the Galaxy S7 edge is
able to take breathtaking images even in the darkness, thanks to its
revolutionary Dual Pixel technology and f1.7 aperture.

More variety and diversity is created through the use of wide-angle and
telephoto lenses Galaxy S7 edge lens cover. The use of a telephoto lens made it
possible to capture the Chessboard Rock in Zhubei in much greater detail,
turning the camera into an object of affection for photographers striving for
perfection.

Theerasak revealed that the most special part of this trip was the religious
activity that he witnessed in Taiwan. He used the Galaxy S7 edge to record this
unique cultural and religious ceremony. The "Eight Infernal Generals" were
captured in bright and clear continuous shooting in regular mode. In addition,
he also felt very lucky to be able to photograph fireflies which are very rare
in Taiwan. He suggests that people who want to take on the challenge of
capturing night scenes should give the Galaxy S7 edge a try.

For more of Theerasak's work, go to www.popumon.com/

( END )

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bots

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                             432 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             July 7, 2016 Thursday

Samsung Electronics sells 26 million Galaxy S7 phones

LENGTH: 206 words


[THE INVESTOR] Samsung Electronics, which forecast its best quarterly profit in
more than two years, is estimated to have sold about 26 million units of its
flagship smartphone Galaxy S7 that was launched in March.

In its second-quarter earnings guidance announced on July 7, the Korean tech
giant said it posted an operating profit of 8.1 trillion won (US$7 billion)
while its sales would come in at 50 trillion won.

Even though the company didn't break down earnings of individual business
divisions, the mobile business division, which makes up more than half of its
revenue, is expected to post a whopping 4 trillion won profit in the April-June
period.

Samsung's flagship smartphone Galaxy S7

Undoubtedly, the Galaxy S7 phones are driving up the company's robust sales in
recent months. The sales figure may still fall behind that of the company's
best-selling S4 that sold more than 70 million units in the first year alone.

Industry watchers say, however, in a fast-saturated market Samsung has made
efforts to improve profits, elevating sales portion of the more lucrative Edge
model with a curved display screen.

In the meantime, the company has also diversified its budget phone lineup to
increase phone sales overall.

By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             433 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           January 27, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung Galaxy S7 might not be that powerful

LENGTH: 183  words


By tbreak Staff -

According to recent rumors, the Samsung Galaxy S7 might not be as powerful as we
thought it would be.

Previous leaks showed that the upcoming smartphone would have come with the
Exynos 8890 processor in some Asian markets, while other regions will be getting
the Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 chipset. However, the latest benchmark from
GeekBench 3 suggests that the Snapdragon chipset would be less powerful of the
two.

The Snapdragon 820 is in fact the latest high power chip from Qualcomm and it
was benchmarked at 2320 and 5369 on a single and multi-core test respectively.
The Galaxy S7 with the Snapdragon 820 has been benchmarked at 2282 single core
and 4979 multi-core. This is more than the S6, which offered 4500 in multicore,
but it ran on the Exynos 7420. The benchmarks for the S7 show that it is not
exactly going above the 5000 mark.

However, these tests were probably done on a prototype device that was not fully
optimized. Hence, there is no real way of telling until the S7 is officially
out, and tests are conducted.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/91/145408168877.jpg



LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             434 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            December 1, 2015 Tuesday

New Galaxy to get 'little overhaul'

BYLINE: By Kim Yoo-chul

LENGTH: 422 words


Samsung Electronics plans to make a 'little overhaul' to its upcoming Galaxy
smartphone as it wants to keep making the device more and more competitive while
saving costs.

'The venue for unveiling new Galaxy smartphone, tentatively named the Galaxy S7,
is still undecided. Though Samsung has so far been preferred to hold its own
unpacked event for new products, the S7 will get a little change,' a source
said, Tuesday.

This decision comes as the global smartphone industry is being reshaped due to
the rapid rise of Chinese firms.

That means, according to Samsung sources, increased to overhaul surface design
even in flagship products, which Samsung earlier highlighted in the S6 and S6
Edge, may further cost it at a time when the company is pressurized over thinner
handset margin.

'As the S6 and S6 Edge represented progress, the S7 will have improvements both
in picture quality, performance and other some new features. But because
smartphones have already been commoditized, you don't need to spend more on a
surface overhaul,' another source said by telephone.

'The key point is can consumers enjoy content with enhanced viewing quality and
boosted processing speed,' he said.

Samsung's chief rival Apple is still taking home most of the smartphone industry
profits, though the Cupertino-based outfit has so far made very little change to
its iPhone.

Counterpoint, a market research firm, recently said that Samsung's market share
gains have come at the low-end in the Galaxy J series during the third quarter
of this year, strengthening views that price and hardware-initiated
specifications are the 'factors' rather than the appealing and curvy surface
design.

Given that Samsung has been able to grow make profits faster than revenue and
sales, it seems evident that more investment in hardware features will help it
see improvements in its phone business from next year, according to analysts.

Based on that perspective, the overall surface design for the S7 will be similar
to S6 or Note 5 phablet, though it will be much more powerful, speedier and
brighter thanks to the use of the latest processors, new DRAMs with expanded
storage, and OLED displays.

Korea Investment, a local brokerage, claimed that the S7 will be introduced in
next year's mobile expo in Barcelona, Spain, as earlier unveilings of the new
smartphone will have a negative impact on the sale of Note 5 and S6.

The brokerage also remained negative on whether or not the world's top
smartphone manufacturer by shipments will put a dual-camera function on the S7.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             435 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                             March 14, 2016 Monday

Galaxy S7 duo may be the devices you're looking for;
Samsung's latest smartphones offer greatest hits package, albeit with some minor
annoyances

BYLINE: Raju Mudhar Tech Reporter

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. S13

LENGTH: 538 words


The smartphone arms race is being decided by the smallest factors these days,
particularly at the top end. Premium phones are all getting to be quite
excellent and the majority of improvements are incremental.

First out of the gate in 2016 are Samsung's latest: the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge,
which take a number of features from previous devices, and deliver a sort of
"greatest hits package," although a few niggling issues remain.

That said, Samsung's latest has set the bar high for the rest of the Android
pack.

Name: Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge

Price (unlocked/2-year contract): $899.99/$999.99; 2-year contract: $399/$499

Operating system: Android Marshmallow

Screen (size/type): 5.5-inch, 1440 x 2560 resolution with an always-on display (
S7 Edge); 5.1 inch (S7)

Features: Fingerprint scanner, fast charging, heart rate monitor, water and dust
resistant. New Game Manager tool centralizes games. Side launcher on Edge.
Expandable micro-SD storage slot.

Camera: Rear camera: 12 MP with Optical Image stabilization. Front camera: 5 MP
with Auto HDR

Weight: 157 g (5.54 oz.)

Battery life: S7 Edge has 3600 mAH - I got about a day and a half of use

Competition: LG G5, iPhone 6S/plus, other premium flagships.

What's good: A super sleek device that, particularly in the Edge edition,
screams premium phone. Off the top, the three most important features sing: an
amazing Super Amoled screen, incredibly good lowlight photos and a larger
battery. Similar to last year's model, the phone is water and dust resistant -
seriously, put it in water and give it a call, it works - but because of the way
it is sealed, it does not have a removable battery. A micro-SD slot for
expandable storage makes a return. The new curved edge makes it very comfortable
to hold. The new thing is an always-on display that shows the time even when the
phone is locked.

What's bad: The curved glass still feels like something that took quite a bit of
engineering know-how to do and gives the phone a slick look, but they haven't
found a real way to make good use of it. Samsung has added more functionality in
the apps and widgets that launch from the edge, but it still feels limited and
just not implemented well. That slick appearance is not worth the $100 premium
over the regular S7. Samsung's additional Touchwiz layer can still be an
acquired taste. It only comes in a 32 GB version, so be ready to shell out for
extra SD card storage.

What's interesting: After years of being tagged with feeling cheap and
plasticky, Samsung has gone almost ultra premium, particularly with the Edge,
which unlocked goes for a $1,000. What is almost as impressive as the phone are
the accessories. Samsung is really treating the phone as your computer, and some
of the accessories are interesting and robust, and show how the company is
serious about building out an ecosystem of products.

The bottom line: This is an impressive iteration of Samsung's flagship devices,
and relies less on gimmicks than some of the company's previous phones. It is a
slick and smooth Android device, but one that you will pay for, as even on a
two-year contract, the prices have now crept up into $400 and $500 - and $900 or
$1,000 unlocked. An unlocked iPhone 6s Plus starts at $1,029 for 16 GB.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                             436 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                           October 15, 2016 Saturday

Note7 users to opt for refund, S7 edge soon;
Details can be left on Samsung site from Oct 26, but some question long wait

BYLINE: Irene Tham

SECTION: HOME

LENGTH: 503 words


Samsung Galaxy Note7 owners in Singapore will be able to indicate whether they
want a refund or have their scrapped Note7 replaced with the S7 edge, on the
company's website from Oct 26.

Announcing this yesterday, the embattled company again did not specify the
refund amount, except to say that details would be available next week.

The Note7, launched in August, sold for $1,168 here. Customers who signed a
two-year service contract with local telcos Singtel, StarHub and M1 paid for the
phone at a subsidised rate.

Those who stay with the brand will be offered the Galaxy S7 edge, its other
flagship model launched here in March, as well as "cash and other benefits".

But details will be available only next week, the company said.

Apologising for disappointing and frustrating customers, Mr Eugene Goh, Samsung
Electronics Singapore's vice-president of IT & Mobile, said: "Our focus now is
to reduce further inconvenience to our customers who have trusted and waited for
the Galaxy Note7."

The announcement follows an unprecedented decision by the world's largest
handset-maker to pull the plug on its flagship device barely two months after
its launch, owing to unresolved fire concerns.

On the company's website - www.samsung.com/sg/note7exchange - customers will be
asked for their home address and details so that their scrapped Note7 can be
picked up, and a refund in the form of a cheque or a replacement Galaxy S7 edge
delivered.

By comparison, in the United States, Samsung is giving customers a US$100
(S$139) bill credit if they switch to another Samsung device. If they leave the
brand by asking for a refund or switch to another brand of device, they get a
smaller bill credit of US$25 on their next purchase.

Some consumers here are unhappy with the lack of details, and the delay with the
refund and handset exchange programme. They were told to power down and stop
using the phone four days ago.

Mr Willy Tan, 34, who bought three Note7 sets at full price, said: "How could
Samsung have decided so quickly for US customers, but not Singapore customers'"

Retiree Herman Chia, 64, said: "Customers are advised to power down the phone
and to stop using it, but the exchange and refund is not until Oct 26."

Retiree Linda Chow, 54, may opt for a refund as she would prefer the smaller
5.1-inch Galaxy S7 over the larger 5.5-inch S7 edge.

Last month, Samsung recalled some 2.5 million handsets worldwide, including tens
of thousands of units in Singapore, and issued replacement Note7 devices.

It was initially thought to be due to a battery fault after some units caught
fire and exploded. But the problem persisted even with the replacement sets,
with one incident of a replacement phone emitting smoke and causing passengers
on a Southwest Airlines flight in Louisville on Oct 5 to be evacuated.

On Tuesday, Samsung finally advised consumers to stop using the Note7, as it
investigates the continuing problem together with the US Consumer Product Safety
Commission and other global safety authorities.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             437 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                           February 18, 2016 Thursday

Teaser shows new 'waterproof' Galaxy S7 '

LENGTH: 204 words


Samsung Electronic's upcoming smartphone, Galaxy S7 series, from its teaser
video featuring Indonesian female archer Dellie Threesyadinda is waterproof. /
Screen capture from YouTubeSamsung Electronics is releasing its next Galaxy
model - the S7 - on Sunday. And a teaser video from the maker's Indonesian
branch shows the new device has revived the waterproof feature from its previous
model, the S5.

The one-minute video, released Monday, features Indonesian female archer Dellie
Threesyadinda training, carrying the new device.

The waterproof feature is hinted at when she trains in a forest and suddenly
encounters heavy rain. She flips through her device's rain-covered screen
without a problem.

The teaser also highlighted other functions, including a wireless charger and
camera.

More Samsung teaser videos feature on a new website. One teaser from the series,
'Seven Days of Unboxing,' is being released daily until Feb. 22. They show a
person or animal unboxing a S7 in a futuristic lab and introducing their own
creative image of the device.

Samsung will unveil the S7 series in Barcelona, one day before the start of the
Mobile World Congress, the biggest global gathering of mobile device makers and
mobile app developers.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             438 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday
                               HeraldSun Edition

A byte into Apple

BYLINE: JENNIFER DUDLEY-NICHOLSON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 287  words


THE world's biggest mobile phone company will resurrect two popular features it
stripped from its smartphones a year ago in an attempt to win back fans, and
will launch more virtual reality technology to win over Apple iPhone diehards.

Samsung unveiled two new smartphones - the 13cm Galaxy S7 and 14cm curved-screen
Galaxy S7 Edge will include water-resistant bodies and expandable memory removed
from previous models, while adding faster, hybrid auto-focus cameras, bigger
batteries and water-cooled chips.

The South Korean giant also launched the Gear 360, a virtual reality camera for
use with the smartphones that captures 360-degree video or photos to be viewed
on headsets, on YouTube or Facebook.

Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg said the two companies would promote the use of
-virtual reality on the social network. "We want to make Facebook the best video
platform for virtual reality," he said.

Both new phones will be available for pre-order in Australia on Friday for $1149
and $1249 respectively.

The Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge can be submerged in water for up to 30
minutes, while a hybrid Micro SD and SIM card tray have been added, allowing the
phone to store up to 200 gigabytes, 72GB more than its current models.

The company, rumoured to be delivering its new phones with Gear VR headsets,
will also launch its first 360-degree camera for virtual reality content. The
Gear 360 is a golf ball-shaped device with two 15-megapixel cameras on either
side that shoot 180-degree views of a scene.

After taking a photo or video, users can connect it to one of the new phones and
"stitch" the footage together.

Jennifer Dudley-Nicholson travelled to Barcelona as a guest of
Samsung.jennifer.dudley@news.com.au

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald Sun


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             439 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Dominion Post (Wellington, New Zealand)

                          February 24, 2016 Wednesday

First impressions: Can the S7 turn around Samsung's fortunes?

BYLINE: PAT PILCHER

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 538 words


Last year's Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge were great smartphones. They replaced the S5's
much maligned Tupperware-build with glass and alloy, and their fresh design
attracted positive reviews.

At this week's Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Samsung launched the Galaxy
S7 and S7 Edge which addresses some of S6/S6 Edge's shortcomings. Kiwis can
order the phones from today with the devices due to ship to customers on March
11. The S7 will cost $1199 (32GB) while the S7 Edge will cost $1399 (32GB).

Look, feel and features

Samsung has chosen to stick with a metal and glass build.

It's finally added removable storage, waterproofing, plus improved battery life
and other tweaks.

The S7 and S7 Edge also borrow extensively from the S6/S6 Edge's design.

It might look familiar, but it also feels a whole lot more comfortable in the
hand.

Both devices should also be easier to use thanks to small tweaks such as a
flatter fingerprint scanner and curved rear on the S7 Edge.

The S7 Edge's curved back means it not only feels more natural but is also less
slippery.

In short, the S7/S7 Edge's design mightn't be revolutionary, but it is a solid
evolution.

Features and specifications

The S7 has the same sized 5.1-inch display as the S6 while the S7 Edge has a
larger, 5.5-inch display with curved edges.

Both devices finally have microSD support so you can increase storage

Also, the S7/S7 Edge should, in theory, be able to take a plunge in up to 1.5
metres of water for up to half an hour and still function.

Unlike a lot of other waterproof smartphones, the S7/S7 Edge has sealed ports.
This means there are no fiddly USB/ headphone port flaps. Samsung has also stuck
with a micro USB charging port so it'll still be compatible with the Gear VR
headset.

While the S7/S7 Edge don't have removable batteries, Samsung has increased
battery sizes up to 3000mAh on the S7 and 3600mAh on the S7 Edge which should
equate to battery life gains. Both the S7 and S7 Edge will also have fast
charging and fast wireless charging capabilities.

The camera has also been given an overhaul.

Although the 12-megapixel image sensors on the S7/S7 Edge are lower resolution
than those on the S6/S6 Edge, Samsung is using larger pixels to capture more
light. The optics are also brighter, allowing up to 25 per cent more light to be
captured.

A new dual-pixel focus system has also makes for a far more responsive
autofocus. As with the S6, The S7's camera is quick to fire up, which will be a
boon for anyone with kids or pets.

Samsung has also added an Always-On Display, which shows the time and
notifications. Samsung says this feature only uses half a per cent of battery
per hour. Additionally, if the S7's proximity sensor gets covered (eg when you
put it in your pocket or purse), the always on display is disabled.

Verdict

This year looks to be even more challenging for Samsung. Existing competitors
(especially Apple and LG) continue to up their game while Chinese hardware
continues to make in- roads into high margin western markets.

The S7 and S7 Edge both bring some great refinements to an already successful
design, but the multibillion-dollar question will be this: Is the S7/S7 Edge
enough to turn Samsung's smartphone market share and profitability around?

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             440 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                          February 24, 2016 Wednesday

First impressions: Samsung S7

BYLINE: PAT PILCHER

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 538 words


Last year's Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge were great smartphones. They replaced the S5's
much maligned Tupperware-build with glass and alloy, and their fresh design
attracted positive reviews.

At this week's Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Samsung launched the Galaxy
S7 and S7 Edge which addresses some of S6/S6 Edge's shortcomings. Kiwis can
order the phones from today with the devices due to ship to customers on March
11. The S7 will cost $1199 (32GB) while the S7 Edge will cost $1399 (32GB).

Look, feel and features

Samsung has chosen to stick with a metal and glass build.

It's finally added removable storage, waterproofing, plus improved battery life
and other tweaks.

The S7 and S7 Edge also borrow extensively from the S6/S6 Edge's design.

It might look familiar, but it also feels a whole lot more comfortable in the
hand.

Both devices should also be easier to use thanks to small tweaks such as a
flatter fingerprint scanner and curved rear on the S7 Edge.

The S7 Edge's curved back means it not only feels more natural but is also less
slippery.

In short, the S7/S7 Edge's design mightn't be revolutionary, but it is a solid
evolution.

Features and specifications

The S7 has the same sized 5.1-inch display as the S6 while the S7 Edge has a
larger, 5.5-inch display with curved edges.

Both devices finally have microSD support so you can increase storage

Also, the S7/S7 Edge should, in theory, be able to take a plunge in up to 1.5
metres of water for up to half an hour and still function.

Unlike a lot of other waterproof smartphones, the S7/S7 Edge has sealed ports.
This means there are no fiddly USB/ headphone port flaps. Samsung has also stuck
with a micro USB charging port so it'll still be compatible with the Gear VR
headset.

While the S7/S7 Edge don't have removable batteries, Samsung has increased
battery sizes up to 3000mAh on the S7 and 3600mAh on the S7 Edge which should
equate to battery life gains. Both the S7 and S7 Edge will also have fast
charging and fast wireless charging capabilities.

The camera has also been given an overhaul.

Although the 12-megapixel image sensors on the S7/S7 Edge are lower resolution
than those on the S6/S6 Edge, Samsung is using larger pixels to capture more
light. The optics are also brighter, allowing up to 25 per cent more light to be
captured.

A new dual-pixel focus system has also makes for a far more responsive
autofocus. As with the S6, The S7's camera is quick to fire up, which will be a
boon for anyone with kids or pets.

Samsung has also added an Always-On Display, which shows the time and
notifications. Samsung says this feature only uses half a per cent of battery
per hour. Additionally, if the S7's proximity sensor gets covered (eg when you
put it in your pocket or purse), the always on display is disabled.

Verdict

This year looks to be an even more challenging for Samsung. Existing competitors
(especially Apple and LG) continue to up their game while Chinese hardware
continues to make in- roads into high margin western markets.

The S7 and S7 Edge both bring some great refinements to an already successful
design, but the multibillion-dollar question will be this: Is the S7/S7 Edge
enough to turn Samsung's smartphone market share and profitability around?

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             441 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                            March 12, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

A new reality; Tech brands, social media giant betting virtual reality is the
next big thing

BYLINE: Aleesha Harris, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: ARTS&;LIFE; Pg. E3

LENGTH: 824 words


These days, there isn't much that can't be done with a smartphone.

Need to map your route to dinner? Done. Have a paper cheque to go into your bank
account? Deposited. Looking for a date, or even your soulmate? Well, that
depends on who you ask.

But one mobile technology company is looking to take the power of smartphones to
a whole new level of immersive sharing. One of the most buzzedabout
announcements from the 2016 Samsung Unpacked event was undoubtedly the company's
emphasis on virtual reality.

The event, which was held last month in Barcelona, Spain, during the Mobile
World Congress, is the forum for which the South Korea-based company unveils its
latest and greatest innovations to the world's tech media, sellers and
all-around, well, nerds.

Packed into a cavernous blue-lit convention centre, the crowd sat waiting, Gear
VR virtual reality headsets in hand, for the company to reveal its two new
smartphone models - the Galaxy S7 and the Galaxy S7 Edge. But while bursts of
applause came during the phone reveals, it was the company's virtual reality
innovations, which work with the two new smartphone models - and an accompanying
celebrity appearance - that drew most of the attention.

In addition to last year's release of the Gear VR headset, which offers a
virtual reality experience at home, the company is planning to release its Gear
360 wireless camera later this year.

"With Gear 360, what we have created is a new way to tell stories ... to capture
the world around us," Pranav Mistry, vice-president of research at Samsung
Electronics, said at the event.

Unlike the brand's Project Beyond camera, which is targeted at professional
photographers, the Gear 360 is aimed at increasing 360-degree sharing among the
amateur set.

Mistry said Samsung designed Gear 360 "to help you tell your story, to capture
those fun parts of life in new ways ... because the real world is not in one
direction. It's everywhere - all around us."

So, what exactly is the Gear 360? The device is a small spherical camera -
smaller than a baseball - set on a mini tripod that uses two fisheye lenses to
capture 360 degrees of action in photo (30 megapixels with an aperture of F2.0)
or video (measuring 3,840 by 1,920).

With the content being available for both live viewing on select Samsung
smartphones, or recording to micro SD card or select devices, the sharing
abilities for virtual reality content - from fashion shows and vacations to
family moments and sporting events - appear limitless.

Samsung's Gear 360 launch announcement got a big boost thanks to an endorsement
from the tech industry's equivalent of a rock-star - and an expert on social
sharing - Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg.

Speaking at the tech company's event last month in a surprise appearance, the
social media ingenue revealed a partnership between the two brands, which is set
to bring the virtual reality technology to the mainstream.

"Going back about 10 years, most of what we shared and experienced was text, and
it was photos," Zuckerberg says. "But pretty soon, we are going to live in a
world where everyone has the power to share and experience whole scenes as if
you're just there - right there in front of the person."

Facebook is fully invested in the technology, having acquired the virtual
reality firm Oculus in 2014 for $2 billion.

"At Facebook, we think about giving people richer and richer tools for sharing
and experiencing everything they want in the world," Zuckerberg said. "VR is the
next platform, where anyone can create and experience anything that they want."

While virtual reality has, in the past, been used predominately for video games
and other forms of entertainment, Zuckerberg and the Samsung team are
anticipating people will look to the immersive technology for sharing their
lives and experiences on social media.

Zuckerberg went so far as to describe virtual reality as "the most social
platform" thanks to its ability to add an in-the-moment experience to already
popular online video sharing.

"Our community already loves 360 videos, and every day, already, more than a
million people are watching 360 videos. More than 20,000 of them have already
been uploaded and hundreds of new ones are uploaded every day," Zuckerberg told
the crowd. "But it is still really early for 360 video. We are only a few years
into experiencing this kind of high-quality 360 content."

The level of newness didn't stop Zuckerberg from guessing where the latest VR
technology will take social sharing in the future.

"One day soon, all of us are going to have the power to broadcast live what we
are doing whenever," he said, "so that our friends, families and people we care
about can experience it as though they are right there with us."

If he's correct, virtual reality may soon just be, well, reality.

aharris@vancouversun.com The Vancouver Sun was a guest of Samsung Canada in
Barcelona, Spain. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Manu Fernandez, The Associated Press; Attendees use the Samsung Gear VR
headset during an event before the Mobile World Congress show in Barcelona,
Spain, on Feb. 21.; David Ramos, Getty Images;  Speaking during the presentation
of the new Samsung Galaxy S7 and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge last month in Barcelona,
Spain, Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg predicted virtual reality will
one day be 'the most social platform.';

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Vancouver Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                             442 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                              July 29, 2016 Friday
                                 State Edition

Samsung earnings are best in 2 years

BYLINE: American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 708 words


Samsung Electronics Co. on Thursday reported forecast-beating earnings results
that were the best in two years as consumers snapped up its Galaxy smartphones,
in a sign the company is getting its mojo back while rivals fail to deliver new
smartphones.

The South Korean company forecast that its performance will continue to be
"solid" during the rest of the year because demand for its lucrative components,
such as high-end displays called OLED that are used as screens for premium
smartphones, is expected to increase "substantially." It expects to spend more,
however, on mobile marketing of its upcoming large-screen smartphones, to be
announced next week, which Samsung typically uses to distract consumers from new
iPhone launches by Apple.

Samsung, the world's largest smartphone maker, has a significant technology
operation in Austin, where it operates one of the biggest chip-manufacturing
complexes in North America. The company employs about 3,000 people in Austin,
where it produces, among other things, advanced low-power processors that are
used in mobile devices such as phones and tablets.

Samsung said its April-June net income rose 2 percent over a year earlier to
5.85 trillion won ($5.17 billion), compared with 5.75 trillion won a year
earlier.

That was slightly higher than forecasts, which have been revised upward in
recent months to reflect stronger-than-expected sales of the new phones.
Analysts had forecast net income of 5.79 trillion won, according to FactSet, a
financial data provider.

Sales rose 5 percent to 50.94 trillion won ($45 billion), while operating profit
surged 18 percent to 8.14 trillion won ($7.19 billion), in line with the
company's guidance earlier this month.

Samsung beat forecasts even as growth in the overall smartphone industry slowed.
Its rival Apple, the world's second-largest smartphone maker, is struggling to
boost iPhone sales and reported a 27 percent quarterly drop in profits.

Samsung's mobile business reported 4.32 trillion won ($3.82 billion) in
operating income during the three-month period, its best quarterly performance
since the second quarter of 2014.

Samsung estimates it shipped between 75.6 million and 78.3 million smartphones
during the quarter, about twice as many as Apple's 40.4 million iPhone sales.

The Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge smartphones drove the profit gain. The company
launched the latest versions of its flagship smartphones in March, several weeks
sooner than it did last year.

Early launches helped Samsung report strong sales during the first quarter, and
the latest results dispelled doubts it could sustain the momentum during the
second quarter, since consumers continued to snap up new phones in the spring.

The company also reduced its mid- and low-end Galaxy models, helping to cut
costs. During the earnings conference call, Samsung's mobile business official
said the company will launch the Galaxy C series exclusively for Chinese
consumers.

The stellar performance of Samsung's mobile division is a sign that its
experiment with smartphone designs is paying off.

Samsung introduced the first of its flagship Edge smartphone series, which
features curved displays that wrap around two corners of the device. But in
2015, it failed to capture demand because it ran into trouble mass producing
those curved displays.

The S7 Edge, with similar designs as its predecessor, saw robust demand from
consumers and this time Samsung was able to deliver the products on time. The
company said the Galaxy S7 Edge sales proportion increased.

The strength of the Galaxy S7 has boosted Samsung's own component businesses.
Sales of OLED, or organic light-emitting diode, display panels rose, helped by
healthy sales of flagship smartphones and higher demand for flexible displays
for the S7 Edge. Samsung dominates the global supply of OLED display panels for
mobile phones.

Samsung is scheduled to announce the latest iteration of its Note series, the
Galaxy Note 7, featuring a giant screen and a stylus, on Tuesday.

New home
  for Austin tech
  News about the local tech scene has a new home. It's 512tech.com, the
American-Statesman's site dedicated to tech coverage.
  See the site
  www.512tech.com
  Follow on Twitter
  twitter.com/512tech
  Like on Facebook
  facebook.com/512tech


LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                             443 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                       July 28, 2016 Thursday 2:11 AM GMT

Galaxy phone sales propel Samsung profit to two-year high

SECTION: WORLD

LENGTH: 446 words


Samsung has reported forecast-beating earnings results that were the best in two
years as consumers snapped up its Galaxy smartphones in signs of a revival in
the electronics giant's mobile phone business.

The South Korean company said its April-June net income rose 2% over a year
earlier to 5.85 trillion won (£3.9 billion), compared with 5.75 trillion won a
year earlier.

That was slightly higher than forecasts, which have been revised up in recent
months to reflect stronger-than-expected sales of the new phones. Analysts had
forecast net income of 5.79 trillion won, according to FactSet, a financial data
provider.

Sales rose 5% to 50.94 trillion won (£34.3 billion), while operating profit
surged 18% to 8.14 trillion won (£5.4 billion), in line with the company's
guidance earlier this month.

Samsung, the world's largest smartphone maker, beat forecasts even as growth in
the overall smartphone industry slows and as its rival Apple, the world's
second-largest smartphone maker, struggles to boost iPhone sales.

Apple reported earlier this week a 27% drop in profits, hit by the decline in
iPhone sales.

Samsung's mobile business reported 4.32 trillion won (£2.9 billion) in operating
income during the three-month period, its best quarterly performance since the
second quarter of 2014.

The Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge smartphones drove the profit gain. The company
launched the latest versions of its flagship smartphones in March, several weeks
sooner than it did last year.

Early launches helped Samsung report strong sales during the first quarter but
there were doubts that it could sustain the momentum during the second quarter.
The latest results dispel that, showing consumers continued to snap up Samsung's
new phones in spring.

The stellar performance of Samsung's mobile division is also a sign that its
experiment with smartphone designs is paying off.

Samsung introduced the first of its flagship Edge smartphone series last year,
which featured curved display that wraps around two corners of the device. But
in 2015 it failed to capture demand because it ran into trouble mass producing
curved displays.

The S7 Edge, with similar designs as its predecessor, saw robust demand from
consumers and this time Samsung was able to deliver the products on time. The
company said the Galaxy S7 Edge sales proportion increased.

Success of its Galaxy S7 smartphones boosted Samsung's own component businesses.
Samsung said sales of OLED, or organic light-emitting diode, display panels went
up, helped by healthy sales of flagship smartphones and higher demand for
flexible displays for the S7 Edge. Samsung dominates the global supply of OLED
display panels for mobile phones.

AP

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             444 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times of Zambia (Ndola)

                                 March 20, 2016

Samsung Zambia Launches Galaxy

BYLINE: Judith Namutowe

LENGTH: 258 words


SAMSUNG Zambia has launched the Galaxy S7 phone on the market.

The Galaxy S7 which is equipped with waterproof technology that guards it
against water has a 30 megapixel camera.

Samsung Galaxy S7 further has a 5G network connection that boosts subscribers'
browsing experience.

Speaking at the launch of the phone Youth, Sport and Child Development Minister
Vincent Mwale said Government was doing all it could to ensure that citizens
were exposed to high-tech platforms through partnerships with the private
sector.

Mr Mwale said at the weekend that Samsung Zambia was contributing to the growth
of the economy by developing local distributors who were bringing in Samsung
products, thus improving the tax revenue.

He said Samsung Zambia was further directly and indirectly creating employment
for the Zambian people through distributors who were on record for having
created over 800 jobs.

"This in turn gives additional revenue to the Government through income tax.
Today we launch Samsung S7 edge; I urge you to move with technology and plan to
buy a set. Let us be among the best as a country in terms of technology, so that
we are not left behind," Mr Mwale said.

Mr Mwale said the forgoing acts reaffirm Governments' desire and conviction that
Zambia was an important market for Samsung.

"As Government we recognise Sumsung as a partner in national development," he
said.

Brand ambassador, Kalombo Mwansa said Samsung brand places great importance on
customers' needs using technology to create solutions that make a lasting
difference in people's lives.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             445 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                      August 23, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Huawei P9 Up Against LG G5 And Galaxy S7 Edge

BYLINE: Phalgunn Maharishi

LENGTH: 474  words


Huawei P9's most talked about feature is the dual rear camera setup that is
powered by Leica.

Diving straight into the topic -- Apple's got some hot competition, reports
KnowYourMobile.com. Well, if you are wondering what's the competition, then,
it's Huawei P9, the recently launched smartphone with a dual camera setup,
powered by Leica.

With Huawei P9's specifications looking great on paper, it is not only a hot
competition to Apple, but also a tough one to the recently launched LG G5 and
Samsung S7 Edge.

Under The Hood...

Huawei P9 sports a 1.8 GHz octa core HiSilicon Kirin 955 processor while LG G5
comes with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 and Samsung S7 Edge features a Exynos 8890
octa core processor. However, considering the display screen size, Huawei P9
comes with 5.2 inch, while LG G5 and Samsung S7 Edge come with 5.3 inch and 5.5
inch respectively. Here we cannot actually tell which would be better, as it is
purely a subjective preference. While some prefer screen size of 5 inch (as it
is easy to carry around), there are others who prefer larger screens (for better
multimedia consumption).

On the RAM part, P9 seems to be having a GB less than the other two smartphones,
which might affect how the smartphone can handle multiple apps at the same time.
Also, on the internal storage end, all three smartphones come with 32 GB
internal. However, Samsung S7 Edge also comes with a 64 GB variant, so that's
something interesting for people who want more space to install applications.

Counting Pixels...

All three smartphones are flagship device that we have witnessed this year, and
feature some of the best cameras we have seen. Huawei P9 and Samsung S7 Edge
come with a 12 MP primary camera, while LG G5 features a 16 MP camera sensor.
However, Huawei P9's dual camera technology, and partnership with Leica, is
something pretty impressive. However, Galaxy S7 Edge is being reported by many
tech gurus as having producing a better and wider image, all thanks to the f1.7
aperture that comes with it. But, Huawei P9's front camera definitely gives more
details due to the 8 MP shooter, which allows users to crop in deeper.

Battery Marathon...

Speaking about the battery life of the three devices, we can clearly see that
Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is the winner as it comes with a 3,600 mAh battery.
Huawei P9 comes at second place with a 3,000 mAh battery while LG trails at the
last with a mere 2,800 mAh battery. However, we already know that LG G5 features
a removable battery and a couple of accessories that allow users to actually
keep another battery fully charged up.

Having said everything, we can clearly see that Huawei P9 is not the clear
winner when compared with the other two smartphones. But, if you consider the
price tag and its value, probably you can make your mind to opt in Huawei P9
rather than going for the other two.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             446 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                           August 10, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung hints to eliminate flat-screen on Galaxy S

LENGTH: 401 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Aug. 10 -- Samsung first experimented with a curved display on its
smartphones when it launched the Galaxy Note Edge in 2014, and the curved screen
became more mainstream in 2015 with the Galaxy S6.

Other than a flat screen variant, the South Korean company also offered two
curved variants of the flagship device - one had a curved edge only on the right
side and the other had curved edges on both right and left.

However, Samsung fell short of gaining traction in sales as it failed to catch
up with the demand for the S7 Edge due to glitches in producing the display
curved on both sides

Now having achieved a rather satisfactory level of production yields for the
Edge display, Samsung said it would put more focus on smartphone models with the
curved display in the future, hinting it could eventually eliminate the
flat-screen Galaxy S model down the road.

"Samsung has considered that it would make the edge display as the identity of
the Galaxy S smartphone lineup if the company can provide consumers
differentiated user experience through software and user-friendly functions (for
the curved screen)," said Koh Dong-jin, the head of the tech giant's mobile
business, in a media interview in New York last week.

It takes no rocket scientist to assume the Galaxy Note 7, a curved-screen
large-size smartphone unveiled last week, will serve as a touchstone for Samsung
to decide to roll out a single model with a curved screen for future Samsung
flagships, including the Galaxy S8, which will be released next year.

Since 2015, Samsung has rolled out its flagship smartphone along with an Edge
variant -- the Galaxy S6 and S7 came with the S6 Edge and S7 Edge, respectively.

The tech giant, however, recently unveiled the Note 7 featuring the curved
display without the Edge name for the first time.

Samsung said it saw the sales of the Galaxy S7 Edge, released in February,
exceed those of its flat-screen sibling.

"Samsung will not likely get rid of the flat-screen Galaxy S smartphone model
right away, but if the market response is positive with the Note 7, it would
surely serve as a cue for Samsung to focus only on the Edge model," a market
watcher said, according to news agencies.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                             447 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Saudi Gazette

                            March 30, 2016 Wednesday

Zain KSA introduces latest Samsung devices

LENGTH: 246  words


ZAIN KSA launched the new Samsung Galaxy devices S7 and S7 edge, enabling the
customers to enjoy the new devices on its state-of-the-art 4G/LTE network.

The devices are available along with Zain KSA postpaid and prepaid packages,
along with wide and diverse options including the best local calling rates on
Khateer package, or bundles of calls data and unlimited YouTube with (Shabab)
packages.

Customers can obtain the devices for SR2,399 (S7) and SR2,749 (S7 edge) from any
Zain shop around the Kingdom, or through Zain online shop (shop.sa.zain.com)
which offers various modes of payment for online shopping, including credit
cards (Visa or Master) and through SADAD, along with the option to use express
delivery to deliver product shipments to the required address within 72 hours
from making the payment.

Galaxy S7 and S7 edge offer subscribers a unique experience by enjoying the high
speed 4G Internet service, especially in video streaming, with their 5.1 and 5.5
inches Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreens, offering a 1440 x 2560 pixels
resolution. In addition, both devices feature dust proof, water resistant, fast
battery charging and Wireless charging.

More information on the devices or Zain KSA packages and services are available
on the company's official website www.sa.zain.com , and via calling customer
care center 0590000959 (959 from Zain line).

http://imgs.syndigate.info/511/1526/83/145934866273.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/511/1526/83/145934866273.jpg

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1526


                       Copyright 2016 The Saudi Gazette.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             448 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             April 19, 2016 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Mobile match-ups: HTC 10 v Samsung Galaxy S7 edge;
Digital life

BYLINE: John Davidson

SECTION: COMPUTERS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 866 words


One might think, when devising a Frankenstein phone that takes parts from the
greatest phone ever built and combines it with parts from some other phone,
always choosing the best possible part, that you'd end up with a phone that
looks a whole lot like the former, and little or nothing like the latter.

That was the fear we had when, for the purposes of this week's review, we took
it upon ourselves to merge Samsung's Galaxy S7 edge (in our opinion, the
greatest phone ever built), with HTC's brand new flagship phone, known simply as
the '10'.

Of course, we didn't actually pull the two phones apart and reassemble them as
one. They're both way too pretty to be defaced like that. But we did merge them
on a whiteboard as a sort of thought experiment, taking the parts we liked from
the Samsung and the parts we liked from the HTC 10 in the hope of coming up with
the best phone ever to appear on a whiteboard.

The results surprised us as much as we think they will surprise you.

It turns out our ideal phone is far more like the HTC 10 than it's like the
Galaxy S7 edge, certainly in terms of appearance but also in terms of software.
That's not to say the HTC 10 is the better phone. At the end of five days of
reviewing the HTC 10, we'd still rank the S7 edge as the best phone on the
market. It beats the HTC 10 in three really crucial areas: screen quality,
battery life and camera image quality.

But it does say something about the competitive nature of the smart phone
business. There really are plenty of really great handsets out there, and the
difference between them is largely a matter of emphasis. If you don't place a
premium on battery life and on the camera, but do value audio quality and a
simple user experience, then the HTC 10 could well be a better choice.

Take the physical construction of the two phones, for instance.

The Samsung emphasises beauty but that beauty comes at the cost of practicality.
The way the screen extends around edges of the phone looks amazing, but it also
means it's far too easy to accidentally press the screen when you're just trying
to hold the phone.

The HTC 10, on the other hand, looks fairly generic and a little boxy by modern
standards. It's an awfully practical design that looks and feels dependable.
Coupled with some nice other touches such as a grooved power button that makes
it easy to find the right button in the dark, we eventually came to prefer HTC
10's design to the Samsung.

But we'd still take the Samsung's weatherproofing (which the HTC disappointingly
lacks) and its dazzling AMOLED screen, only without the curves. (If you're
wondering why we rank the S7 edge above the non-curved S7, two words: battery
life. The edge has a bigger battery that gives an astonishing 2.5 day battery
life, so we live with the curves.)

The home button we'd also take from the HTC 10. It's a little odd but the
fingerprint reader is faster and more responsive than the one on the S7 edge. We
don't think it's as responsive as the fingerprint reader on an iPhone (which has
the home button we would choose if we were building our Frankenstein phone from
any parts we liked), but it's close, and it's the best we've found on an Android
phone.

The audio system we'd also take from the HTC 10. It's got stereo speakers that
are substantially louder and better than the mono speaker on the Samsung, and
when you plug in the headphones you get guided through a nifty little hearing
test that tweaks the EQ to match your hearing. (Samsung has had a very similar
feature hidden deep in its settings for years, but the marks go to HTC for
actually letting users know about it.) Both the HTC 10 and the S7 edge support
Hi-Res audio, which matters to some people though not to us, so that's a tie
either way you look at it.

With this phone, HTC has stripped away the years of accumulated crud, reducing
the apps to the minimum and giving you a very approachable user experience
that's very close to a pure Android. Camera apps, which tie closely to hardware
that's unique to the phone, are one of the few areas where the manufacturers
should tinker.

Speaking of the camera, Samsung's camera is an easy choice for our Frankenstein
phone. It's significantly better in low light, showing more detail and
considerably less chroma noise than the HTC 10. It generally takes more pleasing
photos with both the main and the selfie cameras.

The HTC 10 does have optical image stabilisation (OIS) on its selfie cam, the
first phone on the market with such a feature, but in our "selfie wobble" tests
the Galaxy S7 edge actually performed better even despite its lack of OIS: 63
per cent of shots were usable and wobble- free, compared to 39 per cent of shots
from the HTC One.

Then there's the battery life, which is generally around 2.5 days of moderate
usage on the Galaxy S7 edge, and which I'd estimate to be around 1.5 to 2 days
of similar usage on the HTC 10.

We would, however, take the HTC 10 battery charging port, which is one of the
new USB Type C ports, and allows you to plug the cable in either way. No more
fumbling around in the dark.

The HTC 10 may not take the world's best selfies when you're drunk, but at least
you don't have to be sober to recharge it.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The HTC 10 has some great features but the Samsung S7 edge wins
on camera image, screen quality and battery life.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             449 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung offers swops, refunds for Note7 owners;
Return it and get $1,168; swop it for S7 edge and get $250; refunds for some
accessories too

BYLINE: Irene Tham

SECTION: HOME

LENGTH: 392 words


Those who want a refund for their Samsung Galaxy Note7s will receive $1,168, the
retail price of the phone, the beleaguered firm said yesterday.

In the fight to keep customers, Samsung said that those who swop their phones
for the S7 edge will also receive a $250 cheque. The Samsung Galaxy S7 edge,
another flagship device, sells for $1,098.

The same options will apply to customers who bought the Note7 at full price from
retailers, and those who paid a subsidised rate for it after signing a two-year
service contract with local telcos Singtel, StarHub and M1.

Customers' telco contracts will continue undisrupted.

On Oct 11, Samsung warned customers to stop using the Note7 due to unresolved
concerns about the phones catching fire. It also made the unprecedented decision
to scrap the phone.

Note7 owners with original Samsung accessories including the S View Standing
Cover, Leather Cover and Back Pack will also be able to get a refund of their
retail value during the exchange.

Customers can indicate their preference on Samsung's website
(www.samsung.com/sg/note7exchange) from Oct 26 to Nov 6.

They will be asked for their home address and details so that their Note7 can be
picked up, in addition to their getting a refund or a replacement Galaxy S7
edge.

Retiree Linda Chow, 54, said she may opt for the S7 edge as the $250 cheque in
addition to getting the phone is a "good deal".

However, she lamented that the lens kit is not in the list of original Samsung
accessories that will be refunded.

In the United States, Samsung is giving customers a US$100 (S$139) bill credit
if they switch to another Samsung device. If they leave the brand by asking for
a refund or switch to another brand of device, they will get a smaller bill
credit of US$25 on their next purchase.

Last month, Samsung recalled 2.5 million handsets worldwide, including tens of
thousands of units in Singapore, and issued replacement Note7s after some units
caught fire and exploded.

The problem was initially put down to a battery fault. But the explosions
persisted even with the replacement sets, with one incident of a replacement
phone emitting smoke and requiring passengers to evacuate a Southwest Airlines
flight in Louisville, Kentucky, on Oct 5.

This resulted in Samsung's decision to pull the plug on its flagship device,
barely two months after its launch.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: An advertisment for the Galaxy Note7 in Ang Mo Kio Hub. The phone was
supposed to be Samsung's flagship device, but is now off the shelves barely two
months after its launch due to multiple cases where it exploded and posed a
hazard.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             450 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                               May 1, 2016 Sunday

Get free Gear VR with every GALAXY S7/ S7edge

SECTION: Vol. 27 No. 122

LENGTH: 155  words


After getting an overwhelming response on the trade-in offer last month and the
pre-booking and launch of the most innovative Galaxy S7 - S7 Edge smartphones,
Samsung is now launching yet another offer to provide the consumers with free
Gear VR with every purchase of Galaxy S7 - S7edge. This offer is valid till
Samsung Gear VR stock lasts.

Samsung is completely changing how people share experiences and memories and it
is doing that by shattering the boundaries of what a phone can do. And it's the
biggest thing to happen to phones. Ever. Samsung is making virtual reality
accessible to consumers in Pakistan for free, so people can experience the
future of virtual reality.

The Gear VR is a revolutionary device, that totally redefines what your
smartphone can do. Put on the Gear VR and you're there in the moment, reliving
your most cherished memories in a Virtual Reality environment, created through a
Super AMOLED display.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                             451 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                              May 31, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung Galaxy S7 edge review

LENGTH: 777  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, May 31 -- While the smartphone war in India has been shifted to the
mid-price segment of Rs. 10,000-Rs. 20,000 with only a handful of
premium-segment flagship devices being launched, Galaxy S7 edge has truly
created an 'edge' over its rivals - be it Apple 6S, HTC 10 or soon to be
launched LG G5.


 The reason is pretty simple: Hold Galaxy S7 edge in your hands and you will
instantly realise it is the smartphone to beat in 2016.
 Facts speak volume: In the first quarter of 2016, Samsung beat Apple to emerge
as the clear market leader in India's premium smartphone segment. Buoyed by the
success of S7 and S7 edge, Samsung's volume share rose to 62 per cent from 35
per cent, Apple's share fell to 37 per cent from 55 per cent, said Counterpoint
Research.
 So here was the Rs. 56,000 (approximately) Galaxy S7 edge. The phone has become
a leader in the high-end segment in the country.
 What works for the device?
 Samsung has used the best hardware and provided the best features available to
date in this device - latest Octacore (2.3GHz Quad + 1.6GHz Quad), 64 bit
Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor with 4GB RAM, a 5.5-inch super AMOLED Quad HD
display, a 12MP rear camera sensor with a f1.7 aperture and optical image
stabalisation (OIS), fingerprint scanner, IP68 water-resistance and a 3,600 mAh
battery - the list is quite impressive.
 As part of "meaningful innovations," the design may win you over. The device is
slim and perfects the 3D thermoforming process: It is built of metal, has
dual-edge glass in front and 3D glass at the back for some real toughness.
 The device has power button on the right and volume buttons on the left. The
speaker, charging point and 3.5mm jack are situated below while hybrid SIM/micro
SD card tray is situated on the top.
 Water and dust resistance comes along with the toughness and the phone works
even if it is dampened in the rain.
 Display
 When it comes to display, the surface is soft and unlike other smartphones,
dust (and oil in some cases) does not stick to it, ensuring smooth touch every
time we used it. At times, you could open an application by almost just hovering
over it.
 Full-HD videos ran smoothly on the device. We could clearly notice difference
between colours (especially between two pinks which generally look almost
similar when viewed).
 Battery
 If you think that a high-end display technology sucks in too much battery,
Galaxy S7 edge broke this notion and ran for over 23 hours with extensive usage
- including data on for eight-nine hours, Wi-Fi-on for nearly six hours,
constant surfing and music and video play for over two hours.
 The device gave three-hour backup when we played video-on-loop and it got
charged in an hour and 37 minutes.
 Here are two things to mention - the coolsense technology that cools the device
quickly in case of heating and no-lag and high-performance that comes from the
"Vulkan Graphics API" feature.
 Camera
 The company has introduced "Dual Pixel" technology in its "professional-grade"
12 MP rear camera. The claim of delivering brighter and sharper images in
low-light conditions stands true and when there is light, the image quality is
outstanding.
 The "Motion Panorama" feature is to look for. It helps you cover live events by
capturing every piece of movement in great detail.
 Another notable feature I saw is regular updates. The phone got updated once in
the fortnight.
 Sound effects are so cool. A music aficionado will surely notice the difference
between the output while tweaking the levellers.
 The "smart manager" feature helps a user keep the device clean and secure. In
the "lock" condition, swipe the "edge screen" twice and you will get news
updates. Awesome right?
 What doesn't work?
 No major drawback but a few things to mention.
 The hybrid tray: What if I want to use two SIM cards and one memory card? We
cannot use it with Galaxy edge 7. It either supports two SIM cards or one sim
and one micro SD (up to 200GB).
 Fingerprint scanner: Due to the elliptical shape of the scanner, it sometimes
asks user to "wipe the home key" - meaning a little longer time to unlock the
smartphone. The rival devices are working hard to keep this feature smooth.
 The 5MP selfie shooter works average in low-light conditions and editing that
selfie means adding more grains to it.
 Yes, the phone does heat up and quickly when playing a high-resolution game
(like Asphalt Nitro).
 Conclusion: Samsung Galaxy S7 edge is a phone to beat in 2016. The device is
worth every penny it demands. With the launch of HTC 10 and soon to be launched
LG G5, Samsung, apart from a curved screen, needs to think of more innovative
ideas to keep the momentum going.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             452 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday
                               Australian Edition

Samsung phone at home in the foam

BYLINE: CHRIS GRIFFITH

SECTION: THENATION; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 450  words


Splashing around in the ocean with a shiny new Samsung could evoke looks of
horror. After all, who in their right mind would risk an $1100 smartphone by
trying to take snaps underwater?

But times are changing. Water resistance is one of the features of Samsung's
latest challenge to the iPhone: the 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and the slightly larger
5.5-inch Galaxy S7 edge, which go on sale in Australia on Friday.

Phones can now be fun to play with in the ocean, as British tourists Amelia
Vegting and Kirsty Maxwell discovered yesterday in the surf at Sydney's Bondi.

"We think it would be cool to be able to do this, we could get good pictures
travelling with this," Ms Maxwell said.

Samsung this year is fighting on multiple fronts, trying to snare market share
from Apple while wooing afresh users left disgruntled by a previous decision to
axe microSD card storage.

The weaker dollar means you'll pay handsomely when the S7s hit the shops - $1249
for the S7 edge and $1149 for the S7.

Samsung has sought to soften the blow by offering those who preordered the phone
a free Gear VR headset.

It means users can experience virtual reality, currently the hottest consumer
technology innovation on the planet. I've been testing the premium model, Galaxy
S7 edge. It's a departure from last year's S6 models.

Physically, the S7 edge is a beautiful piece of technology. Curved edges on the
sides accentuate its slim design, and the gold-coloured top panel speaks of
elegance.

Supplementing this is a bright and vivid display. Watching 2K and 4K video was a
treat. But the glass back of the phone is a fingerprint magnet. You might prefer
a phone with a more textured grip.

The handsets on offer in Australia have 32GB of internal storage, but up to 8GB
of this is taken up with the operating system. So you'll need that microSD card,
which adds up to 200GB of -additional storage.

The phones are rated as dust proof and water resistant to 1.5m for 30 minutes.
The touch-sensitive screen doesn't work under water, but I could take snaps in
the pool using the volume-down key.

For video, you have to set the camera rolling before the phone goes in the
drink. But you don't have control over focus.

Getting sharp photos proved hit and miss. One issue: when I took the phone out
of the water I was greeted with a "moisture has been detected" message. The
phone wouldn't charge for about 10 minutes.

Out of the water the camera is a pleasure to use. The main snapper is 12
megapixels, rather than 16 with the S6. The camera handles low-light conditions
well. You can also shoot hyperlapse video: time-compressed video that moves
smoothly with the camera.

â[#x20ac]¦ for the full review of the Samsung Galaxy S7 at
www.theaustralian.com.au

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             453 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

You can try Reliance Jio Preview Offer if you have one of these phones

BYLINE: Devansh Sharma

SECTION: SPEND

LENGTH: 691 words


Want to try Reliance Jio's new 4G data and free voice calls offer? You can if
you have any of the phones listed below. Reliance has tied up with around 18
smartphone brands including Samsung, Micromax and LG to bundle Jio SIM cards
with them with free voice and data for three months.

The Reliance Jio operations are set to go live on September 5. The 'Jio Preview
Offer' from Reliance offers unlimited HD Voice & Video calling, SMS, High-Speed
Data and a host of Jio Premium apps. As a part of the preview offer the user can
avail these benefits for a period of 90 days from the activation of the Jio SIM
on select mobile handsets. You can also choose between a Prepaid & Postpaid SIM
as per your requirement.

Here is a list of the compatible devices for the Jio Preview Offer.

Samsung devices

Grand Prime 4G, Galaxy J1, Galaxy J2, Galaxy J7, Galaxy J5, Galaxy S5 Plus,
Galaxy A5, Galaxy A7, Galaxy Core Prime 4G, Galaxy S6, Galaxy J3 (2016), ON7,
Galaxy A8, Galaxy S6 Edge, ON5, Galaxy Note 5, Galaxy Note 4, Galaxy Alpha,
Galaxy S6 Edge Plus, Galaxy Note 4 Edge, Galaxy Note 5 Duos, Galaxy S5 Neo, S7,
Galaxy A5 (2016), Galaxy A7 (2016), S7 Edge, A8 VE, J5 (2016), J7 (2016), ON5
Pro, ON7 Pro, Galaxy J2 (2016), J Max, Galaxy A9, Galaxy A9 Pro, Galaxy C5,
Galaxy C7, Galaxy J2 Pro, Galaxy Note 7.

HTC devices

Desire 626 dual Sim, Desire 628, Desire 630, Desire 728 Dual SIM, Desire 820,
Desire 820Q, Desire 820S Dual Sim, Desire 825, Desire 826, Desire 826 DS, Desire
828 DS, Desire 830, Desire Eye, HTC 10, HTC 10 Life style, One A9, One E9 S dual
sim, One E9+ Dual Sim, One M8, One M8 Eye, One M9 Plus, One M9e, One ME Dual
Sim, One X9

Micromax devices

Bolt Selfie, Canvas 5, Canvas 5 Lite, Canvas 5 Lite Special Edition, Canvas 6,
Canvas 6 Pro, Canvas Amaze 4G, Canvas Blaze 4G, Canvas Blaze 4G Plus, Canvas
Evok, Canvas Fire 4G, Canvas Fire 4G plus, Canvas Fire 6, Canvas Juice 4G,
Canvas Knight 2, Canvas Mega 2, Canvas Mega 4G, Canvas Nitro 4G, Canvas Pace 4G,
Canvas Play 4G, Canvas Pulse 4G, Canvas Sliver 5, Canvas Tab, Canvas Unite 4,
Canvas Xpress 4G, Unite 4 Plus, Unite 4 Pro

Sony devices

Xperia X A, Xperia X A Ultra, Xperia X(F5122), Xperia Z5 Dual(E6883), Xperia Z5
Premium Dual

Vivo devices

vivo V3, vivo V3Max, vivo Y21L, vivo Y51L

Intex devices

Aqua 4G, Aqua 4G Star, Aqua 4G Strong, Aqua 4G+, Aqua Ace, Aqua Ace 2, Aqua Ace
Mini, Aqua Craze, Aqua Eco 4G, Aqua GenX, Aqua Music, Aqua Power 4G, Aqua Raze,
Aqua S7, Aqua Secure, Aqua Shine 4G, Aqua Strong 5.1, Aqua Super, Aqua Trend,
Aqua Turbo 4G, Aqua View, Aqua Wing, Cloud 4G Smart, Cloud 4G Star, Cloud
Crystal 2.5D, Cloud Fame 4G, Cloud Flash, Cloud Glory 4G, Cloud Jewel, Cloud
String HD, Cloud String V2.0, Cloud Swift

Lava devices

A71, A72, A88, A89, Ivory s 4g, Lava V5, Pixel V2, V2s, X10, X11, X12, X17, X28,
X38, X46, X50, X81

Gionee devices

E8, F103 Pro, F103(1GB), F103(2GB), F103(3GB), M4, M5, M5 Lite, M5 Lite CDMA, M5
Plus, P5L, S Plus, S6, S6s, S7, V6L

Panasonic devices

ELUGA L, ELUGA Switch, ELUGA Icon, T45, ELUGA I2 ( 1GB ), ELUGA L2, ELUGA Mark,
ELUGA Turbo, ELUGA Arc, ELUGA I2 2GB, ELUGA I2 3GB, ELUGA I3, ELUGA Icon 2,
ELUGA A2, ELUGA Note, P55 Novo 4G, ELUGA Arc 2, P77

ASUS devices

ZenFone 2 Laser (ZE550KL), Zenfone 2 (ZE551ML), Zenfone Max (ZC550KL), Zenfone 2
Laser 5.0 (ZE500KL), Zenfone 2 (ZE550ML), Zenfone Selfie( ZD551KL), Zenfone 2
Laser (ZE601KL), Zenfone Zoom(ZX551ML), Zenfone Go 5.0 LTE (T500), Zenfone 3
ZE552KL, Zenfone 3 Laser( ZC551KL), Zenfone 3( ZE520KL), Zenfone 3( ZS570KL),
Zenfone 3( ZU680KL)

Xolo devices

Black-1X, era 4G, era 4K, era X

LG devices

K332 (K7 LTE), K520DY (Stylus 2), K520DY, H860 (LG G5), K500I (X Screen), K535D
(Stylus 2 Plus), LGH630D (G4 Stylus 4G) & LGH 442 (LGC70 Spirit LTE)

Karbonn devices

Aura 1, Aura Power, Quattro L45 IPS, Quattro L50 HD, Quattro L51 HD, Quattro L52
VR, Quattro L55 HD

Videocon devices

Graphite1 V45ED, Krypton 3 V50JG, Q1, V50FA3, V50FG6

Yu devices

Yu Yureka, Yu Yutopia, YU Note, Yu Yuphoria, Yunicorn, Yunique, Yuphoria, Yureka
Plus, Yureka S

Sansui devices

S50 FD45S

Alcatel devices

OneTouch X1, Pixi 4 -5, POP Star, POP3, POP4

TCL devices

FIT 5.5, Pride T500L, TCL 560, TCL 562

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             454 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

You can try Reliance Jio Preview Offer if you have one of these phones

BYLINE: Devansh Sharma

SECTION: SPEND

LENGTH: 691 words


Want to try Reliance Jio's new 4G data and free voice calls offer? You can if
you have any of the phones listed below. Reliance has tied up with around 18
smartphone brands including Samsung, Micromax and LG to bundle Jio SIM cards
with them with free voice and data for three months.

The Reliance Jio operations are set to go live on September 5. The 'Jio Preview
Offer' from Reliance offers unlimited HD Voice & Video calling, SMS, High-Speed
Data and a host of Jio Premium apps. As a part of the preview offer the user can
avail these benefits for a period of 90 days from the activation of the Jio SIM
on select mobile handsets. You can also choose between a Prepaid & Postpaid SIM
as per your requirement.

Here is a list of the compatible devices for the Jio Preview Offer.

Samsung devices

Grand Prime 4G, Galaxy J1, Galaxy J2, Galaxy J7, Galaxy J5, Galaxy S5 Plus,
Galaxy A5, Galaxy A7, Galaxy Core Prime 4G, Galaxy S6, Galaxy J3 (2016), ON7,
Galaxy A8, Galaxy S6 Edge, ON5, Galaxy Note 5, Galaxy Note 4, Galaxy Alpha,
Galaxy S6 Edge Plus, Galaxy Note 4 Edge, Galaxy Note 5 Duos, Galaxy S5 Neo, S7,
Galaxy A5 (2016), Galaxy A7 (2016), S7 Edge, A8 VE, J5 (2016), J7 (2016), ON5
Pro, ON7 Pro, Galaxy J2 (2016), J Max, Galaxy A9, Galaxy A9 Pro, Galaxy C5,
Galaxy C7, Galaxy J2 Pro, Galaxy Note 7.

HTC devices

Desire 626 dual Sim, Desire 628, Desire 630, Desire 728 Dual SIM, Desire 820,
Desire 820Q, Desire 820S Dual Sim, Desire 825, Desire 826, Desire 826 DS, Desire
828 DS, Desire 830, Desire Eye, HTC 10, HTC 10 Life style, One A9, One E9 S dual
sim, One E9+ Dual Sim, One M8, One M8 Eye, One M9 Plus, One M9e, One ME Dual
Sim, One X9

Micromax devices

Bolt Selfie, Canvas 5, Canvas 5 Lite, Canvas 5 Lite Special Edition, Canvas 6,
Canvas 6 Pro, Canvas Amaze 4G, Canvas Blaze 4G, Canvas Blaze 4G Plus, Canvas
Evok, Canvas Fire 4G, Canvas Fire 4G plus, Canvas Fire 6, Canvas Juice 4G,
Canvas Knight 2, Canvas Mega 2, Canvas Mega 4G, Canvas Nitro 4G, Canvas Pace 4G,
Canvas Play 4G, Canvas Pulse 4G, Canvas Sliver 5, Canvas Tab, Canvas Unite 4,
Canvas Xpress 4G, Unite 4 Plus, Unite 4 Pro

Sony devices

Xperia X A, Xperia X A Ultra, Xperia X(F5122), Xperia Z5 Dual(E6883), Xperia Z5
Premium Dual

Vivo devices

vivo V3, vivo V3Max, vivo Y21L, vivo Y51L

Intex devices

Aqua 4G, Aqua 4G Star, Aqua 4G Strong, Aqua 4G+, Aqua Ace, Aqua Ace 2, Aqua Ace
Mini, Aqua Craze, Aqua Eco 4G, Aqua GenX, Aqua Music, Aqua Power 4G, Aqua Raze,
Aqua S7, Aqua Secure, Aqua Shine 4G, Aqua Strong 5.1, Aqua Super, Aqua Trend,
Aqua Turbo 4G, Aqua View, Aqua Wing, Cloud 4G Smart, Cloud 4G Star, Cloud
Crystal 2.5D, Cloud Fame 4G, Cloud Flash, Cloud Glory 4G, Cloud Jewel, Cloud
String HD, Cloud String V2.0, Cloud Swift

Lava devices

A71, A72, A88, A89, Ivory s 4g, Lava V5, Pixel V2, V2s, X10, X11, X12, X17, X28,
X38, X46, X50, X81

Gionee devices

E8, F103 Pro, F103(1GB), F103(2GB), F103(3GB), M4, M5, M5 Lite, M5 Lite CDMA, M5
Plus, P5L, S Plus, S6, S6s, S7, V6L

Panasonic devices

ELUGA L, ELUGA Switch, ELUGA Icon, T45, ELUGA I2 ( 1GB ), ELUGA L2, ELUGA Mark,
ELUGA Turbo, ELUGA Arc, ELUGA I2 2GB, ELUGA I2 3GB, ELUGA I3, ELUGA Icon 2,
ELUGA A2, ELUGA Note, P55 Novo 4G, ELUGA Arc 2, P77

ASUS devices

ZenFone 2 Laser (ZE550KL), Zenfone 2 (ZE551ML), Zenfone Max (ZC550KL), Zenfone 2
Laser 5.0 (ZE500KL), Zenfone 2 (ZE550ML), Zenfone Selfie( ZD551KL), Zenfone 2
Laser (ZE601KL), Zenfone Zoom(ZX551ML), Zenfone Go 5.0 LTE (T500), Zenfone 3
ZE552KL, Zenfone 3 Laser( ZC551KL), Zenfone 3( ZE520KL), Zenfone 3( ZS570KL),
Zenfone 3( ZU680KL)

Xolo devices

Black-1X, era 4G, era 4K, era X

LG devices

K332 (K7 LTE), K520DY (Stylus 2), K520DY, H860 (LG G5), K500I (X Screen), K535D
(Stylus 2 Plus), LGH630D (G4 Stylus 4G) & LGH 442 (LGC70 Spirit LTE)

Karbonn devices

Aura 1, Aura Power, Quattro L45 IPS, Quattro L50 HD, Quattro L51 HD, Quattro L52
VR, Quattro L55 HD

Videocon devices

Graphite1 V45ED, Krypton 3 V50JG, Q1, V50FA3, V50FG6

Yu devices

Yu Yureka, Yu Yutopia, YU Note, Yu Yuphoria, Yunicorn, Yunique, Yuphoria, Yureka
Plus, Yureka S

Sansui devices

S50 FD45S

Alcatel devices

OneTouch X1, Pixi 4 -5, POP Star, POP3, POP4

TCL devices

FIT 5.5, Pride T500L, TCL 560, TCL 562

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             455 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                      December 25, 2015 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Newly Leaked Cover Images provide sneak peep into Samsung Galaxy S7's look

BYLINE: Paul Gardner

LENGTH: 110  words


Over the past few weeks, there have been a crazy lot of rumors surrounding
Samsung's Galaxy S7. The craze about the gadget's look went altogether to a new
level when new images were leaked online showing the cover cases of Samsung
Galaxy S7 providing a hint about how it will look.

It is also being rumored that the Galaxy S7's Plus variant will also be
released. The images show smartphones having a rectangular home button and a
protrude rear camera unit, volume button on the left side and the power button
on the right side.

Topics: News (http://uncovermichigan.com/topics/news)

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             456 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                             March 27, 2016 Sunday
                                EscapeSA Edition

GADGETS

BYLINE: ROD CHESTER rod.chester@news.com.au

SECTION: ESCAPE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 225  words


Putting camera safety into focus Olympus PEN-F $1800 body only IF YOUR travel
dreams have you strolling the streets of Paris snapping black and white photos
like someone in the '60s, this vintage-style camera is aimed at you. Inspired by
the classic rangefinder design, it is a 20 megapixel camera with a dial on the
front to switch film modes.

olympus.com.au

Samsung Galaxy S7 $1149 THE improved autofocus system in the new Galaxy S7 makes
it a very attractive option to take on a trip. When you consider that it has an
IP67 waterproof rating, so it will survive a dunk underwater, it is the new
benchmark for the smartphone you would want to take on holiday.

samsung.com/au

Tech21 Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge cases From $40 WHAT'S the point in having a fancy
new smartphone if you don't have a case to protect it? Tech21 has launched a
range of tough cases for the two new Samsung flagship phones. There are six
models of cases to choose from and all feature the shock-absorbing FlexShock.

tech21.com

Microsoft Translator MICROSOFT has updated its iOS Translator app so it will now
translate the text on a picture. Take a photo of a confusing sign as you travel
and this will turn it into English. It works with the Apple Watch and Android
Wear so you can speak English into a smart watch and have it translated.Apple
iOS / Google Android / Windows Phone / free

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Advertiser


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             457 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Telegraph (Australia)

                             March 27, 2016 Sunday
                               EscapeNSW Edition

GADGETS

BYLINE: ROD CHESTER rod.chester@news.com.au

SECTION: ESCAPE; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 225  words


Putting camera safety into focus Olympus PEN-F $1800 body only IF YOUR travel
dreams have you strolling the streets of Paris snapping black and white photos
like someone in the '60s, this vintage-style camera is aimed at you. Inspired by
the classic rangefinder design, it is a 20 megapixel camera with a dial on the
front to switch film modes.

olympus.com.au

Samsung Galaxy S7 $1149 THE improved autofocus system in the new Galaxy S7 makes
it a very attractive option to take on a trip. When you consider that it has an
IP67 waterproof rating, so it will survive a dunk underwater, it is the new
benchmark for the smartphone you would want to take on holiday.

samsung.com/au

Tech21 Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge cases From $40 WHAT'S the point in having a fancy
new smartphone if you don't have a case to protect it? Tech21 has launched a
range of tough cases for the two new Samsung flagship phones. There are six
models of cases to choose from and all feature the shock-absorbing FlexShock.

tech21.com

Microsoft Translator MICROSOFT has updated its iOS Translator app so it will now
translate the text on a picture. Take a photo of a confusing sign as you travel
and this will turn it into English. It works with the Apple Watch and Android
Wear so you can speak English into a smart watch and have it translated.Apple
iOS / Google Android / Windows Phone / free

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Telegraph


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             458 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                             March 27, 2016 Sunday
                               EscapeVIC Edition

Putting camera safety into focus

BYLINE: ROD CHESTER

SECTION: ESCAPE; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 220  words


GADGETS

Olympus PEN-F $1800 body only IF YOUR travel dreams have you strolling the
streets of Paris snapping black and white photos like someone in the '60s, this
vintage-style camera is aimed at you. Inspired by the classic rangefinder
design, it is a 20 megapixel camera with a dial on the front to switch film
modes.

olympus.com.au

Samsung Galaxy S7 $1149 THE improved autofocus system in the new Galaxy S7 makes
it a very attractive option to take on a trip. When you consider that it has an
IP67 waterproof rating, so it will survive a dunk underwater, it is the new
benchmark for the smartphone you would want to take on holiday.

samsung.com/au

Tech21 Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge cases From $40 WHAT'S the point in having a fancy
new smartphone if you don't have a case to protect it? Tech21 has launched a
range of tough cases for the two new Samsung flagship phones. There are six
models of cases to choose from and all feature the shock-absorbing FlexShock.

tech21.com

Microsoft Translator MICROSOFT has updated its iOS Translator app so it will now
translate the text on a picture. Take a photo of a confusing sign as you travel
and this will turn it into English. It works with the Apple Watch and Android
Wear so you can speak English into a smart watch and have it translated.Apple
iOS / Google Android / Windows Phone / free

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald Sun


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             459 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                      December 25, 2015 Friday 6:30 AM EST

5A---Newly Leaked Cover Images provide sneak peep into Samsung Galaxy S7's look

BYLINE: Paul Gardner

LENGTH: 110  words


Over the past few weeks, there have been a crazy lot of rumors surrounding
Samsung's Galaxy S7. The craze about the gadget's look went altogether to a new
level when new images were leaked online showing the cover cases of Samsung
Galaxy S7 providing a hint about how it will look.

It is also being rumored that the Galaxy S7's Plus variant will also be
released. The images show smartphones having a rectangular home button and a
protrude rear camera unit, volume button on the left side and the power button
on the right side.

Topics: News (http://uncovermichigan.com/topics/news)

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             460 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday

Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Olympic Games limited edition smartphone launched

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 287 words


Samsung is one of the official sponsors of the Rio 2016 Olympic Games and to
celebrate the same, the company has launched a limited edition variant of its
Galaxy S7 edge flagship. The Olympic Games limited edition has the exact same
design and hardware specifications as a regular Galaxy S7 edge . The only thing
different is the colour scheme. The limited edition has its key components
coloured in the five official colours of the Olympic rings, and the logo itself
is printed on the lower back panel.

The back panel has the camera module coloured in blue. Coming to the front, the
earpiece and home button are subtly coloured in yellow. The volume keys on the
left are done in green, whereas the power button on the right has a red colour.
Not just that, Samsung has also customized the UI and included wallpapers and
lockscreens matching the Rio 2016 theme in the phone. The phone also comes with
the Rio 2016 app pre-installed. The Olympic edition smartphone will go on sale
in select regions, including the US, Brazil, China, Germany and Korea starting
July 18. That said, there's no news about the price yet. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge
has a 5.5-inch curved edge Super Amoled display with 1440x2560 pixel resolution.
The screen is protected with a layer of Corning Gorilla Glass 4. It is powered
by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor paired with 4GB of RAM. The phone offers
32GB/64GB of internal storage, which can be expanded up to 200GB via microSD
card. The phone sports a 12MP rear camera with LED flash and OIS, along with a
5MP front camera. Connectivity options include 4G, LTE, 3G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth,
GPS and NFC. It is backed by a 3600mAh battery with fast charging support.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             461 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                            April 28, 2016 Thursday

Samsung Elec tips second quarter profit pickup as Galaxy S7 excels

LENGTH: 428 words


by Reuters  Photo - @ReutersBiz via twitter


Seoul: Tech giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd on Thursday tipped a pickup in
second-quarter profits after reporting a 12 percent earnings gain in
January-March on the back of "robust" sales of its Galaxy S7 smartphones.



The mobile division was the South Korean firm's biggest earner for the first
time since the second quarter of 2014, in a sign the world's top smartphone
maker has righted itself after two years of shrinking profits and market share
losses.

Boasting an improved camera, waterproofing and microSD storage support, Galaxy
S7 models are on track to set a new first-year shipments record, lifting hopes
the mobile business will post its first annual profit gain in three years. The
firm said inventory levels remain low for the new models, suggesting good
momentum.

"In the second quarter we expect our solid performance to continue," Samsung
investor relations chief Robert Yi said during a post-earnings conference call,
adding the firm was "cautiously optimistic" that operating profit would increase
quarter-on-quarter.

Samsung's January-March operating profit was 6.7 trillion won ($5.84 billion),
slightly above with its earlier estimate of 6.6 trillion won. Revenue rose 5.7
percent to 49.8 trillion won, compared with its guidance for 49 trillion won.

Profit for the smartphone division jumped 42 percent from a year earlier to 3.9
trillion won, an almost two-year high. Samsung said it expected further sales
growth for its Galaxy S7 devices in the second quarter as well as from its
mid-to-low tier products, flagging improved profitability on lower-end models
such as the Galaxy A and J series.

The firm expects second-quarter mobile shipments, including non-smartphones, to
fall slightly from 92 million units in January-March, partly as older smartphone
models are phased out. Average sales prices will rise slightly, however.

Market researcher TrendForce says combined shipments for flat- and curved-screen
S7 models will reach 52 million by the year-end, surpassing the previous record
of 47 million sets by the Galaxy S4.

Operating profit for the chip division fell 6 percent to 2.6 trillion won,
undercut by price declines for memory chips stemming from slower demand for
products such as personal computers.

The firm also said it will buy back and cancel 2 trillion won of its own shares
in the third instalment of its 11.3 trillion won buyback plan.

Yi said during the conference call Samsung did not plan to implement quarterly
dividends in 2016.

Muscat Press and Publishing House SAOC 2016

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2016 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             462 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           August 24, 2016 Wednesday

Looks like Galaxy Note 7 demand is stronger than what Samsung anticipated

LENGTH: 331  words


Samsung has admitted that the high demand of Galaxy Note 7 was not anticipated
by the company, which cause supply and demand issues

Samsung might not have expected the high demand of Galaxy Note 7 because there
has started to become supply constraints globally, which the company admitted
that it wasn't expecting its phablet would end up selling so well. While healthy
demand is in fact a thing to be most proud about, the company will not be able
to boost sales, and might even lose out on potential revenue if it does not
manage to close the gap between supply and demand.

Samsung told Reuters the following regarding the huge difference between supply
and demand regarding its Galaxy Note 7:

"As pre-order results for the Galaxy Note 7 have far exceeded our estimates, its
release date in some markets has been adjusted."

This isn't the first time that something like this has happened with Samsung's
phones. Production problems for the curved displays for the Galaxy S6 edge,
which was announced last year resulted in disappointing sales, and investors
fear that if Samsung does not expedite the supply and demand situation, the
problems that plagued the company would be repeated like last year.

Being the first Galaxy Note to feature a dual curved edge display is one of the
many perks of owning the smartphone, and we have to say that with 4GB RAM and an
abundant number of software improvements, we are certain that the company could
leap huge distances with its Galaxy Note 7 the same way it has with its Galaxy
S7 and Galaxy S7 edge. There is a 3,500mAh battery present, which is slightly
smaller than the 3,600mAh capacity present in the edge version of Galaxy S7, but
it's still bigger than the cell present in Galaxy Note 5.

There isn't a dual rear camera present, but you still get the capable 12MP
camera with an f/1.7 aperture, and there's also a Gorilla Glass 5 protection
present, which might not hold up to scratches, but will definitely hold up to
drops quite well.

Source

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             463 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Hartford Courant

                              June 5, 2016 Sunday
                               Statewide Edition

Phones That Will Please Pop

SECTION: SMARTER LIVING; D; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 409  words


Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge

CNET rating: 5 stars out of 5 (Spectacular)

The good: The Galaxy S7 Edge has a gorgeous, larger curved screen and larger
battery than the otherwise identical standard S7. It really is something
special. The extra navigation tools can be useful when used judiciously.

The bad: When you pile on these extra navigation tools, they slow you down
rather than speed you up. It's pricier than other good phones.

The cost: $599 to $799.99

The bottom line: The gorgeous Galaxy S7 Edge makes the best Android phone that
much better.

iPhone 6S Plus

CNET rating: 4.5 stars out of 5 (Outstanding)

The good: Improved speed, better cameras, always-on Siri, and pressure-sensitive
3D Touch display compared to last year's 6 Plus. And it has slightly better
battery life, a bigger higher resolution screen, and optical image stabilization
for photos and video that can make a difference.

The bad: It's really big. It costs more than the smaller iPhone. Other
phablet-sized phones offer longer battery life.

The cost: $599.00 to $1,149.96

The bottom line: The iPhone 6S Plus has a few key advantages that give it an
edge for serious iPhone users, but its big body still may not fit for a lot of
people.

LG G5

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The LG G5's unique modular design lets you swap in fun accessories. It
has (two!) great rear cameras, expandable storage and a replaceable battery - a
rarity in high-end phones.

The bad: Although you can swap out some parts, there aren't enough to make this
feature compelling. You can access the phone's app drawer only in a specialized
theme.

The cost: $624 to $727.22

The bottom line: This is the phone to get if you want a removable battery, but
it fails to live up to its world-changing Swiss Army knife potential.

Google Nexus 6P

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: One of the first two Android 6.0 phones, Google's metal Nexus 6P has a
sharp, high-resolution screen and a solid camera, an accurate fingerprint
reader, loud speakers and works with every major carrier. Its lower cost makes
it a good top-tier value buy.

The bad: It's big, a bit boxy and top-heavy, the fingerprint reader's position
isn't always convenient and the 6P ditches the wireless charging of previous
models.

The cost: $498.89 to $499.99

The bottom line: The Nexus 6P doesn't have the most inspiring design, but when
it comes to hardware prowess, value for money and Google extras, this best-ever
Nexus is hard to beat.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             464 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Egypt Independent

                            October 30, 2016 Sunday

Samsung offers upgrade program for South Korea Note 7 customers

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 356  words


Samsung Electronics is offering an upgrade program option to Galaxy Note 7
customers in South Korea who trade in their recalled device for a Galaxy S7
phone, marking its latest attempt to retain customers.In a statement on Monday,
Samsung said customers who trade in their Note 7 phone for either a flat-screen
or curved-screen version of the Galaxy S7 can trade up for a Galaxy S8 or Note 8
smartphone launching next year through an upgrade program.The world's top
smartphone maker permanently ended Note 7 sales due to continued reports of fire
from the flagship device. In addition to offering refunds or exchanges for a
Galaxy S7 smartphone, Samsung has already offered financial incentives amounting
to 100,000 won ($88.39) to affected customers in South Korea.Users in the
upgrade program will need to pay only half the price of a Galaxy S7 device,
rather than the full amount, before exchanging to the S8 or the Note 8, Samsung
said.In offering the Note 8 upgrade option, Samsung indirectly reinforced
previous statements that the Note series will not be discontinued. The company
said the availability of such a program in other markets will be dependent on
the situation in each country.

It did not elaborate.Samsung has stepped up marketing and promotion for its
Galaxy S smartphones to try to make up for some of the lost sales. The Note 7's
collapse is already costing Samsung $5.4 billion won in operating profit between
the third quarter of this year and the first quarter of 2017.Some analysts say
Samsung will need to offer incentives to affected customers as part of their
efforts to limit long-term damage to its brand and reputation from the Note 7's
failure.The South Korean firm is facing legal challenges from customers, as
well. Harvest Law, a domestic law firm, said on Monday one of its lawyers, Peter
Young-yeel Ko, and 526 others have filed a lawsuit in a South Korean court
against Samsung seeking compensation of 500,000 won ($442.61) per person.
Samsung did not immediately comment on the suit.The firm is also facing a
proposed class action lawsuit from three Galaxy Note 7 customers in the United
States.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1386


                        Copyright 2016 Egypt Independent
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             465 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            October 14, 2016 Friday

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus take a long time to charge because of standard
bundled chargers

LENGTH: 318  words


Both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus despite being better in every manner, lag behind
when you plug them in the wall socket in comparison to other phones

New 12MP cameras, with better performing A10 chips and still Apple couldn't
figure out to reduce the total charging time on its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.
That's because just like its predecessors, iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, Apple
has continued to ship its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus with 5W chargers, so you
can imagine how long it would take for these smartphones to get charged
completely.

In fact, according to a detailed review done by Anandtech for the iPhone 7 and 7
Plus, both iPhone 6s and iPhone 6 Plus are able to charge faster than Apple's
latest mobile products, but that is also because they feature smaller battery
capacities than their successors. The disappointing thing about these tests is
that devices like Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge, which feature larger batteries
than iPhone 7 Plus are able to charge much faster, but that is thanks to
improved charging technology.

This does not mean that you continue to use the 5W charger that comes bundled
with your iPhone. You can also resort to using the iPad charger or another
aftermarket charger, but before you do, make sure that its charging
specifications are in line with the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus' requirements.
According to the test results, we have included a total of six different phones
as well as the amount of time it takes for their batteries to go from 0-100
percent.

Galaxy S7 (Snapdragon 820 version): 1.51 hours
Galaxy S7 edge (Snapdragon version): 1.85 hours
iPhone 6s: 1.94 hours
iPhone 6s Plus: 2.80 hours
iPhone 7: 2.08 hours
iPhone 7 Plus: 3.07 hours

Hopefully, with the announcement of iPhone 8, Apple will realize to ship out a
more powerful charger. With these devices coming without a headphone jack, it is
becoming necessary to improve charging technologies.

Source

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             466 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday
                                Kolkata Edition

Samsung Prices Galaxy S7 at Rs 48,990, S7 Edge at Rs 56,900

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 418 words


Samsung Electronics introduced the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge Tuesday in one
of the quickest launches of a flagship model in India, where it is battling
global rival Apple for the pole position in the premium segment, which offers
the highest value share.

The South Korean smartphone maker not only priced the S7 and S7 Edge at what
analysts termed a competitive ' . 48,900 and '. 56,900, respectively, it also
introduced free, lifetime privilege concierge services exclusively for customers
of these devices. It is offering a virtual reality headset for free to those who
book the devices, which go on sale on March 18.

"We are confident we will consolidate our market share from 48.2% by volume in
January 2016, as per GfK, in the ' . 30,000-and-above segment with these
devices," said Manu Sharma, director mobile at Samsung India.

Two research agencies \xAD Counterpoint Technology Market Research and
Cybermedia Research \xAD pegged Apple as the leader in the premium segment by
volume in the October-December quarter, which Samsung disputed, citing GfK
figures.

"The pricing will arrest the decline of market share as it may prevent people
from going to Apple, which in turn should further strengthen their position in
traditionally strong second and third quarters (April to September)," said Tarun
Pathak, a senior analyst at Counterpoint Research. "Additional storage (200 GB)
and VR headset bundled should also aid in this increase."

India is the fastest-growing smartphone market in the world and No. 2 by unique
users \xAD surpassing the US \xAD making the South Asian nation critical for
global handset makers. This is why companies including Apple and Xiaomi are
closing the gap between their global and India device launches.

Cupertino-based Apple started selling the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in India within
a month of the US launch in September and China's No. 1 smartphone vendor Xiaomi
may bring the Mi 5 to India in April, less than a month after opening bookings
in China. Samsung's first global announcement of the S7 devices was made at the
Mobile World Congress in Barcelona on February 21. "India is seen as a priority
market and a strong market globally...Since we make in India, we can do a
parallel launch in India without waiting," Sharma said, adding that all its
phones and tablets were made locally, giving it another advantage besides
pricing.

According to International Data Corporation, global smartphone shipments grew
10.1% to 1.43 billion units in 2015 from 1.3 billion in 2014.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             467 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                              March 4, 2016 Friday
                               Bangalore Edition

Samsung, Apple Fight Intensifies; Rs 100cr Ad Spend for Galaxy S7, Edge

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: THE ECONOMIC TIMES

LENGTH: 356 words


The fight between Samsung Electronics and Apple in ndia is set to intensify,
with the Korean company planning to spend a record sum on marketing and
promotion for the new lagship Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge that will be unveiled next
week and its US rival drawing up a counter-strategy.

Samsung may invest ' . 100 crore on marketing its latest smartphones, which will
be launched in India around March 8 and go on sale from the third week of March
at prices that could match Apple's iPhone 6s models. It asked dealers to ensure
maximum mileage for the Samsung brand on shop floors, three senior ndustry
executives said. To take on Samsung, Apple told dealers hat it will have
additional consumer promotion and is considering reducing prices on some models.
The company lined up a counter-marketing budget of ' . 30-40 crore, the
executives said."This is the first time Apple is reacting to a flagship launch
from Samsung in India, signifying how important the Indian market s emerging for
both the smartphone giants," said one executive.

"While Samsung is tightening the trade, Apple has told us to expect something
big."

Samsung India has issued an advisory linking payments to dealers to the
visibility of its branding on store fronts and inside. It asked retailers to
ensure its brand billboard is the first one above the shop entrance and only its
brands be displayed on store walls.

Industry executives said Samsung may offer the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge at a
cheaper rate than the ' . 50,000-plus launch price for last year's flagship
Galaxy S6.

The company is looking at a price of about ' . 45,000 to compete with the iPhone
6s that's currently selling at ' 44,000-45,000. The Korean company has advised
dealers that any discounting will entail strict disciplinary action, including
blacklisting, since it does not want a price war on the new models, industry
executives said.

Apple distributors have started taking feedback from key trade partners in India
on the level of support that might be required to counter Samsung's new
launches.

Emails sent to Samsung India and Apple seeking comment did not elicit any
response till Thursday press time.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             468 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                              March 4, 2016 Friday
                               Bangalore Edition

Samsung, Apple Fight Intensifies; Rs 100cr Ad Spend for Galaxy S7, Edge

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: THE ECONOMIC TIMES

LENGTH: 356 words


The fight between Samsung Electronics and Apple in ndia is set to intensify,
with the Korean company planning to spend a record sum on marketing and
promotion for the new lagship Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge that will be unveiled next
week and its US rival drawing up a counter-strategy.

Samsung may invest ' . 100 crore on marketing its latest smartphones, which will
be launched in India around March 8 and go on sale from the third week of March
at prices that could match Apple's iPhone 6s models. It asked dealers to ensure
maximum mileage for the Samsung brand on shop floors, three senior ndustry
executives said. To take on Samsung, Apple told dealers hat it will have
additional consumer promotion and is considering reducing prices on some models.
The company lined up a counter-marketing budget of ' . 30-40 crore, the
executives said."This is the first time Apple is reacting to a flagship launch
from Samsung in India, signifying how important the Indian market s emerging for
both the smartphone giants," said one executive.

"While Samsung is tightening the trade, Apple has told us to expect something
big."

Samsung India has issued an advisory linking payments to dealers to the
visibility of its branding on store fronts and inside. It asked retailers to
ensure its brand billboard is the first one above the shop entrance and only its
brands be displayed on store walls.

Industry executives said Samsung may offer the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge at a
cheaper rate than the ' . 50,000-plus launch price for last year's flagship
Galaxy S6.

The company is looking at a price of about ' . 45,000 to compete with the iPhone
6s that's currently selling at ' 44,000-45,000. The Korean company has advised
dealers that any discounting will entail strict disciplinary action, including
blacklisting, since it does not want a price war on the new models, industry
executives said.

Apple distributors have started taking feedback from key trade partners in India
on the level of support that might be required to counter Samsung's new
launches.

Emails sent to Samsung India and Apple seeking comment did not elicit any
response till Thursday press time.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             469 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                              March 4, 2016 Friday
                               Bangalore Edition

Samsung, Apple Fight Intensifies; Rs 100cr Ad Spend for Galaxy S7, Edge

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: THE ECONOMIC TIMES

LENGTH: 356 words


The fight between Samsung Electronics and Apple in ndia is set to intensify,
with the Korean company planning to spend a record sum on marketing and
promotion for the new lagship Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge that will be unveiled next
week and its US rival drawing up a counter-strategy.

Samsung may invest ' . 100 crore on marketing its latest smartphones, which will
be launched in India around March 8 and go on sale from the third week of March
at prices that could match Apple's iPhone 6s models. It asked dealers to ensure
maximum mileage for the Samsung brand on shop floors, three senior ndustry
executives said. To take on Samsung, Apple told dealers hat it will have
additional consumer promotion and is considering reducing prices on some models.
The company lined up a counter-marketing budget of ' . 30-40 crore, the
executives said."This is the first time Apple is reacting to a flagship launch
from Samsung in India, signifying how important the Indian market s emerging for
both the smartphone giants," said one executive.

"While Samsung is tightening the trade, Apple has told us to expect something
big."

Samsung India has issued an advisory linking payments to dealers to the
visibility of its branding on store fronts and inside. It asked retailers to
ensure its brand billboard is the first one above the shop entrance and only its
brands be displayed on store walls.

Industry executives said Samsung may offer the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge at a
cheaper rate than the ' . 50,000-plus launch price for last year's flagship
Galaxy S6.

The company is looking at a price of about ' . 45,000 to compete with the iPhone
6s that's currently selling at ' 44,000-45,000. The Korean company has advised
dealers that any discounting will entail strict disciplinary action, including
blacklisting, since it does not want a price war on the new models, industry
executives said.

Apple distributors have started taking feedback from key trade partners in India
on the level of support that might be required to counter Samsung's new
launches.

Emails sent to Samsung India and Apple seeking comment did not elicit any
response till Thursday press time.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             470 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            News Chronicle (Nigeria)

                             April 12, 2016 Tuesday

ICT, knowledge economy can become sustainable alternative to oil - Stakeholders

LENGTH: 731  words


Nigeria is over-dependent on oil as revenue and several attempts by previous and
current administrations to chart another way to increase the Gross Domestic
Product (GDP) of the country is being met with brickwalls.

In the next few years, Information and Communication Technology (ICT) and the
knowledge economy will make oil insignificant, especially with the global ICT
trend.

Just like the defunct Bank PHB's advert, 'One day, cars will run on water', that
was predicted years ago, today, a new technology is assisting cars to run on
either sugarcane ethanol or  biofuel (organic and digestable waste), not
necessarily oil.

Stakeholders in the ICT industry said though Nigeria is currently the fastest
growing telecoms market in the world but if she didn't brace up to happenings
around her, the fate of the dinosaur may await her.

They noted during the third Nigeria Digital Agenda Breakfast forum, themed:
'Beyond oil-ICT a veritable alternative', that Nigeria should leverage more on
smart ways of doing things and harness the benefits of the industry rather than
its over-dependence on oil.

Managing Director, Teledom Group, Dr. Emmanuel Ekuwem, disclosed that slavery,
colonialism and new colonialism are economic constraints to the Nigerian
ecosystem and that government should be emphatic on local production.

In his words: "There can't be innovation without knowledge, we need to
re-engineer our education system, and a situation where there is 70 per cent
against 30 per cent science students is not acceptable. There should be need to
train our children in mathematics and in another 15 to 20 years, Nigeria begins
to benefit."

Ekuwem noted that Nigeria had huge potentials and great talents but lamented
that Nigerians don't patronise themselves but believe more in expatriate, which
shouldn't be.

Buttressing Ekuwem's point, Co-Founder/CEO, Hotsauce Ltd, Mr. Dayo Adefila,
added that there was need for the implementation of science and technology
across board.

"There is an incredible growth in e-commerce, which is an element of adaptation
and being able to do something differently. We can't wait for government all the
time. We need to use ICT tools to turn around the economy for good," he said.

In his own words, President of the Association of Telecommunications Companies
of Nigeria (ATCON), Mr. Lanre Ajayi, reiterated that with appropriate government
policies, things could change and as a matter of urgency, government should
deregulate the oil and gas sector.

"With deregulation, the miracle in the telecoms sector will be duplicated in the
oil and gas sector. If the sector is deregulated, Nigerians can fix their own
prices and the country will be better for it."

President of the Nigeria Internet Registration Association (NIRA), Rev. Sunday
Afolayan also noted that Small and Medium Enterprises should be given
opportunity to showcase what they are doing, saying, "Policy is derived from
effective information and there is need for data to be taken quite seriously,
analyse and plan."

Development beyond oil forum holds today

With a glide from the third generation (3G) to 4 Generation technology, Samsung
Electronics West Africa has introduced the most advanced smartphones, the Galaxy
S7 Edge and S7 to the Nigerian market.

According to the Managing Director of Samsung Electronics West Africa, Mr. Paul
Lee, Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge highlight the most refined phone experience ever by
combining the latest technology that users expect from Samsung's Galaxy series.

Lee reiterated the company's commitment to fulfilling its brand promise of
inspiring the world and the future by bringing new and outstanding innovations
to the doorstep of consumers. "Our innovative technology has adequately captured
customers' aspirations and desires," he said.

The Galaxy S7 has a 5.1-inch display screen, while the Galaxy S7 Edge has a
5.5-inch screen. They both feature Super AMOLED display, allowing for clearer
videos and images with a resolution of 2560 x 1440 (Quad HD).

Both devices have 200GB expendable memory augmenting their 32GB of internal
storage. The devices also feature IP68 water and dust resistance, which prevent
the devices from damage when submerged in up to 1.5 meters of water for 30
minutes at a time. The S7's waterproofing includes sealed ports.

Culled from: http://sunnewsonline.com
/ict-knowledge-economy-can-become-sustainable-alternative-to-oil-stakeholders/

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1802


                       Copyright 2016 The News Chronicle.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             471 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           August 24, 2016 Wednesday

Xiaomi's most expensive smartphone in India, Mi 5, gets a price cut

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 269 words


NEW DELHI: Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi has slashed the price of its flagship
smartphone Mi 5 in India. Launched at Rs 24,999, the smartphone is now available
at Rs 22,999 (post a discount of Rs 2,000).Xiaomi India head Manu Jain tweeted
that the smartphone has got a price cut and is now available on Flipkart and on
the company's official website mi.com at the new price.Xiaomi launched the Mi 5
in March this year. The smartphone is the company's most expensive handset
launched in India so far.As for specifications, Xiaomi Mi 5 flaunts a 5.15-inch
full HD display with 1920x1080 pixels resolution.

The handset runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system and is powered by a
quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor. The device offers 3GB of RAM and
32GB of internal storage.The smartphone comes with dual sim functionality and
also incorporates a fingerprint and infrared sensor. For photography, the
handset comes equipped with a 16MP rear camera with dual tone LED flash and a
4MP front facing camera.The connectivity options of the device include 4G, LTE,
3G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS, NFC, USB Type C and packs a 3,000 mAh battery with
Qualcomm Quick Charge support.Recently, Samsung also slashed the prices of its
flagship smartphone Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge. Both the devices have received
a price cut of Rs 5,000, according to Mumbai-based retailer Mahesh
Telecom.Samsung Galaxy S7, which was launched at a price of Rs 48,900, is now
available at Rs 43,400. On the other hand, the Galaxy S7 Edge is now available
at Rs 50,900, which was launched at Rs 56,900.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             472 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           August 24, 2016 Wednesday

Xiaomi's most expensive smartphone in India, Mi 5, gets a price cut

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 269 words


NEW DELHI: Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi has slashed the price of its flagship
smartphone Mi 5 in India. Launched at Rs 24,999, the smartphone is now available
at Rs 22,999 (post a discount of Rs 2,000).Xiaomi India head Manu Jain tweeted
that the smartphone has got a price cut and is now available on Flipkart and on
the company's official website mi.com at the new price.Xiaomi launched the Mi 5
in March this year. The smartphone is the company's most expensive handset
launched in India so far.As for specifications, Xiaomi Mi 5 flaunts a 5.15-inch
full HD display with 1920x1080 pixels resolution.

The handset runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system and is powered by a
quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor. The device offers 3GB of RAM and
32GB of internal storage.The smartphone comes with dual sim functionality and
also incorporates a fingerprint and infrared sensor. For photography, the
handset comes equipped with a 16MP rear camera with dual tone LED flash and a
4MP front facing camera.The connectivity options of the device include 4G, LTE,
3G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS, NFC, USB Type C and packs a 3,000 mAh battery with
Qualcomm Quick Charge support.Recently, Samsung also slashed the prices of its
flagship smartphone Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge. Both the devices have received
a price cut of Rs 5,000, according to Mumbai-based retailer Mahesh
Telecom.Samsung Galaxy S7, which was launched at a price of Rs 48,900, is now
available at Rs 43,400. On the other hand, the Galaxy S7 Edge is now available
at Rs 50,900, which was launched at Rs 56,900.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             473 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                             May 4, 2016 Wednesday

New Products

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 469 words


Otterbox Symmetry Clear for Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge

PHONE CASE $49

The Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge might be resistant to water but they are not
resistant to drops. Protect them with the Otterbox Symmetry Clear.

It has a clear back so owners can show off the beauty of their phones. It is
slim enough that it won't add much bulk, but has a tough shell that will protect
the phone against drops and scratches. Furthermore, raised edges on the case
help protect the phone's display.

Garmin Fenix 3 HR

GPS RUNNING WATCH $899

Take Garmin's successful Fenix 3 GPS running watch, fit it with the company's
Elevate heart rate monitor (HRM), and you get the Fenix 3 HR.

It can track your heart rate all day using the wrist-based HRM, unlike the Fenix
3 which requires a chest-strap HRM.

The watch is also a fitness tracker that is able to track your daily steps and
calories burnt. It comes with outdoor navigation features such as three-axis
compass and altimeter.

Canon Xeed WUX6010

PROJECTOR $9,900

This WUXGA (1,920 x 1,200 pixels) projector is able to project a screen size of
between 40 and 600 inches at up to 6,000 lumens, thanks to its RS-IL01ST zoom
lens, powerful AISYS 4.1 optical system and short arc lamp.

Furthermore, the Canon Xeed WUX6010 is equipped with the HDBaseT feature that
allows video and audio signals to be transmitted to the projector via a single
LAN cable.

Philips Air Purifier 3000 Series

AIR PURIFIER $899

With the haze season looming, the Philips Air Purifier 3000 series might be just
what you need at home.

It comes with an Allergen mode that removes common airborne allergens. Its
VitaShield Intelligent Purification System ensures removal of indoor
contaminants like pollen. Furthermore, it features Philips' new Aerasense
technology - an advanced sensor that accurately measures PM2.5 particles and
provides you with instant PM2.5 feedback.

Toshiba dynadock V3.0+

USB DOCK $249

Need to connect more devices via your laptop's single USB 3.0 port? Get
Toshiba's new dynadock V3.0+.

It features four USB 3.0 ports, as well as a DVI, an Ethernet, a 3.5mm audio-in
and a 3.5mm audio-out ports. It comes with a built-in video card that supports
an additional display of up to a resolution of 2,048 x 1,152 pixels. Its upright
slim design helps to save space and reduce cable clutter on your desk.

Samsung Galaxy J1 (2016) 4G

SMARTPHONE $208

If you are looking for an affordable smartphone to go overseas , consider the
Samsung Galaxy J1 .

This Android smartphone offers dual SIM card slots, so you can switch SIM cards
while travelling. It also boasts a 4.5-inch Super Amoled display with a
resolution of 800 x 480 pixels. Plus, it packs a 5-megapixel rear camera and a
2-megapixel front-facing camera for your photography needs.

The J1 will be available in black and gold.

Compiled by Trevor Tan

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Otterbox Symmetry Clear for Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             474 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                            March 2, 2016 Wednesday

My Cloud EX2 Ultra

LENGTH: 429  words


Western Digital's My Cloud EX2 Ultra, a high-performance, two-bay network
attached storage system is designed from the ground up for creative
professionals and prosumers that need to automatically sync content across
computers. The drive has been upgraded with a powerful 1.3GHz dual-core
processor enabling users to get ultra-fast transfer rates for high performance
and smooth video streaming. From unpopulated to 12TB capacities, it provides
several capacity options for customers to choose from. Users can attach
compatible USB 3.0 hard drives to the USB expansion ports on the drive to
instantly expand their storage capacity.

The Nikon COOLPIX Q14095

Casual photography made chic and colourful. Encased in a premium aluminium body,
the Q14095 with 8x optical zoom and 16x Dynamic Fine Zoom features a thin and
lightweight design. The camera is accompanied by 20.1MP and wide-angle 25mm
NIKKOR lens, with Target Finding autofocus. For video creation, HD movie
recording is available in 720/30p format with a simple press of a dedicated
movie-record button. The Nikon COOLPIX Q14095 comes in the playful colours of
red, black, silver, pink and decorative red.

COOLPIX Q14075

The Q14075 is the perfect small camera to slip in the backpack or a pocket for
any user on the go. With 35x optical zoom and 70x Dynamic Fine Zoom, the camera
ensures that the user is always poised to capture the perfect shot, whether
watching the sun set on a beach, or soaking in a street carnival. The Q14075
also achieves sharp focus even in macro mode at a distance of approximately 1cm.
With the camera's 20.3 effective megapixels, backside-illumination CMOS image
sensor and high-performance NIKKOR lens, all these adventures can be captured
with rich and remarkable detail, even in low light.

Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge

Created for today's consumer lifestyle, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge lead the
industry with a refined design, more advanced camera and streamlined software
functionality. Both introduce the first Dual Pixel camera on a smartphone,
delivering brighter and sharper images, even in low light. The 5.1-inch S7 and
5.5-inch S7 edge are constructed with 3D glass and metal. Both have increased
utility with IP68 water and dust resistance, deliver fast wired and wireless
charging technology. The hybrid SIM card tray allows users to insert a microSD
card for up to 200GB of additional storage and in some select countries, the
tray can be used with a dual SIM card. Game Launcher, a new add-on for gamers,
allows users to manage battery consumption and minimise notifications.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             475 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                            August 3, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung Electronics unveils new curved-screen Galaxy Note phone

LENGTH: 435  words

DATELINE: SEOUL


SEOUL, Aug. 3 -- * Galaxy Note 7 to go on sale from Aug. 19
 * New features include iris scanner, improved grip
 * Launch follows H1 profit boost from Galaxy S7 success
 * Firm seeks to sustain mobile revival through tougher H2
 Samsung Electronics Co Ltd on Wednesday unveiled a new Galaxy Note smartphone
with a curved screen and iris-recognition technology, seeking to build on the
sales momentum that has helped it roar back to surging profit growth.


 Samsung, the world's top smartphone maker, saw its January-June mobile profit
jump 49 per cent from a year earlier, thanks to robust sales of its flagship
Galaxy S7 devices as well as a line-up overhaul that ditched unpopular models
for fewer but more attractive new mid-to-low tier products.
 The South Korean firm is betting the new big-screen device - the Galaxy Note 7
- will help sustain its mobile business revival through the second half, though
new launches from rivals like Apple Inc will likely steal some of the thunder.
 Samsung is using a 5.7-inch, curved screen display for the Galaxy Note 7. The
new device employs a similar design to the Galaxy S series, but offers a larger
screen and functions involving a pen accessory. Grip on the device was also
improved to make it easier to be used with one hand.
 The firm didn't disclose pricing, but said sales will begin in a first group of
markets on Aug. 19 without saying exactly where.
 The new smartphone is a successor to last year's flat-screen Galaxy Note 5, but
the firm opted to skip a digit and give it the number 7 to make numbering
consistent with the latest version of the Galaxy S which began selling in March.

 Researcher Strategy Analytics said the curved-screen Galaxy S7 edge was the
world's best-selling Android smartphone during the first half of this year.
Samsung hopes the new curved-screen Note phone will enjoy a similar appeal.
 The Note 7 also features an iris scanner, allowing users to unlock the device
through the recognition of their eyes - the first such application for a Samsung
smartphone. The firm earlier this year announced a tablet device with the
feature for India.
 The Galaxy Note 7 will also be compatible with Samsung Pay, a mobile payments
service that competes with Apple Pay, among others, which Samsung hopes will
help boost margins for its devices and set its products apart from other Android
phones.
 Samsung also unveiled a new version of its Gear VR virtual reality headset with
upgraded features such as improved viewing angles. Company executives say
promotional activities pairing a VR device with the Galaxy S7 phones helped
boost sales this year.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             476 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                              March 4, 2016 Friday
                                 Delhi Edition

KOREAN CO ASKS DEALERS TO ENSURE MAX MILEAGE Samsung to Spend Record Rs 100cr on
S7 Promotions to Get an Edge Over Apple

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 491 words


The fight between Samsung Electronics and Apple in India is set to intensify,
with the Korean company planning to spend a record sum on marketing and
promotion for the new flagship Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge that will be unveiled next
week and its US rival drawing up a counter-strategy.

Samsung may invest about ' . 100 crore on marketing its latest smartphones,
which will be launched in India around March 8 and go on sale from the third
week of March at prices that could match Apple's iPhone 6s models. It has asked
dealers to ensure maximum mileage for the Samsung brand on shop floors, three
senior industry executives said.

To take on Samsung, Apple has told dealers that it will have additional consumer
promotion and is considering reducing prices on some models. The company has
lined up a counter-marketing budget of ' 30-40 crore, the executives said.

"This is the first time Apple is reacting to a flagship launch from Samsung in
India,

signifying how important the Indian market is emerging for both the smartphone
giants," said one executive. "While Samsung is tightening the trade, Apple has
told us to expect something big."

Samsung India has issued an advisory linking payments to dealers to the
visibility of its branding on store fronts and inside. It asked retailers to
ensure its brand billboard is the first one above the shop

entrance and only its brands be displayed on store walls.

Industry executives said Samsung may offer the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge at a
cheaper rate than the . 50,000-plus launch price ' for last year's flagship Ga
laxy S6. The company is looking at a price of about . 45,000 to compete with ' .
44,000-45,000.t's selling at '

. 44,000-45,000.iPhone 6s that's selling at ' The Korean company has advised
dealers that any discounting will entail strict disciplinary action, including
blacklisting, since it does not want a price war on the new models, industry
executives said.

Apple distributors have started taking

feedback from the key trade partners in India on the level of support that might
be required to counter Samsung's new launches.

"Samsung's recent launches such as Galaxy A5 and A7 had gained a lot of share,
which has already irked Apple. Apple has now informed the traders that it will
offer additional consumer and trade promotion on its entire line up and may also
cut prices," a senior trade partner of the company said.

Emails sent to Samsung India and Apple seeking comment did not elicit any
response till Thursday press time.

Both companies are fighting to dominate the premium smartphone segment in India,
where handsets are priced over . 30,000. The Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge are ' crucial
for Samsung, which wants to be the clear leader in this segment.

Apple, too, does not want to lose ground after chief executive Tim Cook recently
talked about investing more in India to gain lead. Recent market share reports
have failed to identify a clear leader in the premium smartphone segment in
India.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             477 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                              March 4, 2016 Friday
                                 Delhi Edition

KOREAN CO ASKS DEALERS TO ENSURE MAX MILEAGE Samsung to Spend Record Rs 100cr on
S7 Promotions to Get an Edge Over Apple

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 491 words


The fight between Samsung Electronics and Apple in India is set to intensify,
with the Korean company planning to spend a record sum on marketing and
promotion for the new flagship Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge that will be unveiled next
week and its US rival drawing up a counter-strategy.

Samsung may invest about ' . 100 crore on marketing its latest smartphones,
which will be launched in India around March 8 and go on sale from the third
week of March at prices that could match Apple's iPhone 6s models. It has asked
dealers to ensure maximum mileage for the Samsung brand on shop floors, three
senior industry executives said.

To take on Samsung, Apple has told dealers that it will have additional consumer
promotion and is considering reducing prices on some models. The company has
lined up a counter-marketing budget of ' 30-40 crore, the executives said.

"This is the first time Apple is reacting to a flagship launch from Samsung in
India,

signifying how important the Indian market is emerging for both the smartphone
giants," said one executive. "While Samsung is tightening the trade, Apple has
told us to expect something big."

Samsung India has issued an advisory linking payments to dealers to the
visibility of its branding on store fronts and inside. It asked retailers to
ensure its brand billboard is the first one above the shop

entrance and only its brands be displayed on store walls.

Industry executives said Samsung may offer the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge at a
cheaper rate than the . 50,000-plus launch price ' for last year's flagship Ga
laxy S6. The company is looking at a price of about . 45,000 to compete with ' .
44,000-45,000.t's selling at '

. 44,000-45,000.iPhone 6s that's selling at ' The Korean company has advised
dealers that any discounting will entail strict disciplinary action, including
blacklisting, since it does not want a price war on the new models, industry
executives said.

Apple distributors have started taking

feedback from the key trade partners in India on the level of support that might
be required to counter Samsung's new launches.

"Samsung's recent launches such as Galaxy A5 and A7 had gained a lot of share,
which has already irked Apple. Apple has now informed the traders that it will
offer additional consumer and trade promotion on its entire line up and may also
cut prices," a senior trade partner of the company said.

Emails sent to Samsung India and Apple seeking comment did not elicit any
response till Thursday press time.

Both companies are fighting to dominate the premium smartphone segment in India,
where handsets are priced over . 30,000. The Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge are ' crucial
for Samsung, which wants to be the clear leader in this segment.

Apple, too, does not want to lose ground after chief executive Tim Cook recently
talked about investing more in India to gain lead. Recent market share reports
have failed to identify a clear leader in the premium smartphone segment in
India.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             478 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                              March 4, 2016 Friday
                                 Delhi Edition

KOREAN CO ASKS DEALERS TO ENSURE MAX MILEAGE Samsung to Spend Record Rs 100cr on
S7 Promotions to Get an Edge Over Apple

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 491 words


The fight between Samsung Electronics and Apple in India is set to intensify,
with the Korean company planning to spend a record sum on marketing and
promotion for the new flagship Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge that will be unveiled next
week and its US rival drawing up a counter-strategy.

Samsung may invest about ' . 100 crore on marketing its latest smartphones,
which will be launched in India around March 8 and go on sale from the third
week of March at prices that could match Apple's iPhone 6s models. It has asked
dealers to ensure maximum mileage for the Samsung brand on shop floors, three
senior industry executives said.

To take on Samsung, Apple has told dealers that it will have additional consumer
promotion and is considering reducing prices on some models. The company has
lined up a counter-marketing budget of ' 30-40 crore, the executives said.

"This is the first time Apple is reacting to a flagship launch from Samsung in
India,

signifying how important the Indian market is emerging for both the smartphone
giants," said one executive. "While Samsung is tightening the trade, Apple has
told us to expect something big."

Samsung India has issued an advisory linking payments to dealers to the
visibility of its branding on store fronts and inside. It asked retailers to
ensure its brand billboard is the first one above the shop

entrance and only its brands be displayed on store walls.

Industry executives said Samsung may offer the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge at a
cheaper rate than the . 50,000-plus launch price ' for last year's flagship Ga
laxy S6. The company is looking at a price of about . 45,000 to compete with ' .
44,000-45,000.t's selling at '

. 44,000-45,000.iPhone 6s that's selling at ' The Korean company has advised
dealers that any discounting will entail strict disciplinary action, including
blacklisting, since it does not want a price war on the new models, industry
executives said.

Apple distributors have started taking

feedback from the key trade partners in India on the level of support that might
be required to counter Samsung's new launches.

"Samsung's recent launches such as Galaxy A5 and A7 had gained a lot of share,
which has already irked Apple. Apple has now informed the traders that it will
offer additional consumer and trade promotion on its entire line up and may also
cut prices," a senior trade partner of the company said.

Emails sent to Samsung India and Apple seeking comment did not elicit any
response till Thursday press time.

Both companies are fighting to dominate the premium smartphone segment in India,
where handsets are priced over . 30,000. The Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge are ' crucial
for Samsung, which wants to be the clear leader in this segment.

Apple, too, does not want to lose ground after chief executive Tim Cook recently
talked about investing more in India to gain lead. Recent market share reports
have failed to identify a clear leader in the premium smartphone segment in
India.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             479 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                             March 20, 2016 Sunday

Samsung sees strong sales in Galaxy S7 '

LENGTH: 638 words


The Galaxy S7 Studio opened by Samsung Electronics in Hong Kong's busy shopping
district of Causeway Bay is seen in this file photo, Sunday. Since the launch of
the new Samsung devices, the company has provided numerous opportunities for
consumers to try out its latest devices. / Courtesy of Samsung ElectronicsBy Kim
Yoo-chul

Samsung Electronics' latest Galaxy S7 smartphones - one flat and the other one
curved - have registered healthy sales since the products were made available
globally, raising hopes that the company's mobile division will generate more
profits than expected.

On Sunday, market analysts and officials said that initial sales and preorders
of the new Samsung phones in the company's key markets in China, Europe and
India have beaten previous expectations.

They told The Korea Times that the company's decision to support a microSD slot
and improve waterproofing, as well as enhanced camera features with a cut in the
suggested retail price, have been helping consumers return to Samsung handsets.

'With a little design overhaul compared to the S6, Samsung added several
consumer-friendly hardware features such as a revival of the microSD slot,'
Shinhan Financial analyst So Hyun-chul said in a report to clients, Sunday. 'So
far, S7 sales are looking very good.'

The local brokerage expects S7 sales to exceed those of earlier models.

'Profits at Samsung's mobile division will be much better than earlier
expected,' So said.The S7s have been available since March 11, globally.

Sources said combined preorder sales since the launch of the devices in Europe
have shown a 250 percent increase over those of the S6.

In China, Samsung broke the '10 million mark' in preorder sales for the devices
since March 11 with JD.com, one of China's top online shopping malls, and
Suning, a major electronics retailer, receiving about 6.4 million and 1.4
million preorders on the two.

Since last year, Samsung Electronics has been refusing to provide sales figures
of its flagship Galaxy devices.

But in rare remarks, its mobile chief Ko Dong-jin told local reporters, 'I've
gained confidence to do well after checking responses from major retailers and
holding meetings with carriers in China.'

The S7 smartphones are available with about a 10 percent cut in price despite
the fact that the mobile phone is outfitted with powerful processors and other
advanced hardware technology.

Recovery in China

A slowdown in smartphone sales has negatively impacted Samsung. Operating
profits from Samsung's mobile unit fell 7 percent in the fourth quarter of last
year, according to the company.

Samsung said the fourth quarter was filled with challenges for the mobile
business.

'Competition intensified from Chinese handset makers, which are busy to offer
similar technology at lower prices,' said a source. 'Samsung doesn't have plans
to drastically cut the price of the S7, but plans to introduce wow additions
such as virtual reality.'

'Samsung did a good job on the final touch,' said one source that runs a
business in China. 'When you see the S7, this looks like a nicer camera. Samsung
is proving that it could attract customers even with minor surface changes. This
is appealing to customers in China.'

In China, which is the world's single biggest smartphone market, Samsung was
ranked sixth with a 7.7 percent market share last year under aggressive support
by local telecom carriers of the country's leading handset manufacturers.

Despite the challenging environment, Samsung is looking to maintain a
'double-digit' margin in the mobile business by putting advanced hardware
features in its flagship and mid-tier smartphones for an affordable price.

Analysts are saying the success of the S7 will benefit the company's
semiconductor and component supply chains, as more sales will keep its
semiconductor and component factories busy.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             480 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      September 5, 2016 Monday 1:33 PM GMT

Samsung offers cash incentives to Galaxy Note 7 customers after exploding
battery kerfuffle;
Samsung is offering $25 credit to anyone who swaps their Galaxy Note 7 for
another Samsung phone, rather than opting for another brand

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 472 words


Samsung is reportedly offering people who bought its Galaxy Note 7 cash
incentives to stick with the brand, rather than exchange it for a rival
smartphone maker's device.

Samsung's US subsidiary said on Friday that it will offer customers a $25 credit
if they exchange their Galaxy Note 7 for another Samsung smartphone, rather than
get a refund.

Customers can swap their phone for a Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge or a replacement
Galaxy Note 7 in exchange for $25, in the form of a gift card or bill credit,
according to Recode .

Samsung told the website it expects to have replacement Galaxy Note 7 devices as
soon as next week. Those who choose a Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 Edge will also get
a refund of any difference in price.

"Samsung is taking a proactive approach to address customer needs around the
Note 7," Samsung Electronics America President Tim Baxter said in a statement.

"We are encouraging customers to exchange their Note 7 by taking advantage of
our Product Exchange Program. The safety and satisfaction of our customers is
Samsung's top priority."

There is no word yet on whether people who pre-ordered the handset in the UK
will be offered the same incentive.

The move comes after Samsung was forced to halt sales of its Galaxy Note 7 just
two weeks after the flagship smartphone went on sale, after some customers
reported that batteries in the gadgets had caught fire and exploded while they
were charging .

Samsung said it had sold 1 million Galaxy Note handsets in South Korea and the
US before the sales suspension, and that it had confirmed 35 cases of battery
issues.

Although the company has two battery suppliers, it has not found a way to
specify which phones may endanger users, so if offering to exchange all of them.

Horrified man posts video of his Samsung Galaxy Note 7 that burst into flames

"There was a tiny problem in the manufacturing process so it was very difficult
to find out," said Koh Dong-jin, president of Samsung's mobile business.

Galaxy Note 7s were pulled from shelves in 10 countries. The smartphone was due
to go on sale in the UK on Friday, but the launch was suspended and advertising
pulled from the websites of mobile operators following the reports.

Now US product safety and testing non-profit organisation Consumer Reports has
called for Samsung to officially recall of all of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphones,
citing the "serious nature of the safety problem".

A full recall would require the return of all smartphones sold, and an immediate
halt of sales from all retailers and mobile operators - not just Samsung itself.

"I can't comment on exactly how much the cost will be, but it pains my heart
that it will be such a big number," said Koh Dong-jin.

If you have already bought a Galaxy Note 7 and want to exchange it for a new
one, you can call Samsung's customer service team on 0330 7261000.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             481 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Chronicle (Toowoomba, Queensland)

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

Galaxy S7 has smartphone sex appeal

SECTION: Pg. 15

LENGTH: 676  words



HIGHLIGHT: APN's Mark Furler is in Barcelona for the launch of the new Samsung
phone


WITH sexy new curves, water resistance, a superior camera and longer battery
life, Samsung's Galaxy S7 and S7 edge smartphones will turn plenty of heads on
the beach in 2016.

And coupled with its new Gear 360 camera, Samsung promises to take sharing
selfies with friends and scenes from everyday life to a whole new level.

The three devices were unveiled ahead of Mobile World Congress in 2016 in
Barcelona, which is expected to be attended by more than 95,000 gadget creators
and lovers over the next four days.

APN Australian Regional Media was among a group of journalists and tech writers
flown to Spain by Samsung to cover its launch.

Samsung obviously believes it's on a winner with its new devices. The Australian
group was the largest to be briefed ahead of the signature Unpacked launch.

Based on their reaction, this could be Samsung's biggest opportunity yet to
topple Apple.

So what's in the box?

The Galaxy S7 comes with a 5.1 inch screen while the Edge has a 5.5 inch screen.

The new dual edge display is something to be seen, especially when viewing
content on apps like Flipboard and navigation bars.

The wrap-around display now supports two rows of apps, instead of one, which can
be customised according to the ones you use the most. You can also create
folders for quick access to similar apps.

The Task Edge now allows access to threaded messages for email conversations
while the People Edge provides quick access to your favourite contacts.

The same screen space supports a beautiful looking "news ticker'' of headlines
and thumbnails down the righthand side.

Quick Tools provide easy access to everything from a compass and ruler to a
torch light.

The protruding camera, unpopular with some with the last model, has been honed
back to just a 0.46mm blip.

Samsung says its new phones feature a 30% faster CPU and 60% faster graphics.

An internal copper pipe, filled with water, provides a cooling system which
promises longer and better playtime for gaming enthusiasts. There's also a new
suite of features designed specifically to make it a better gaming device.

Back to the future

The water and dust resistance features popular in the S5 make a return.

The phone's internals have been reworked to ensure it is fully sealed inside,
eliminating the need to plug external holes with grommets. Samsung says it can
withstand 30 minutes in water. It was happy to drop a phone in a bucket of water
to prove its case.

The S7 also sees the return of microSD card via a new hybrid tray which caters
for both the SIM card and microSD for up to 200 gigabytes of storage. Overseas
models will allow for dual SIM cards.

Samsung Galaxy S7 will be among numerous new smartphones in 2016 to feature
always on display, which can be customised based on the information you always
want to see - whether it be time, calendar and battery status, for example.

First dual pixel sensor in camera

Samsung won well deserved acclaim for its camera in the S6 and says it has gone
to a whole new level with the S7. It sports a new F1.7 lens which it says
delivers much brighter and vibrant photos in low light.

The camera also boasts the first dual pixel sensor to be used on a smart phone,
allowing for "~instant autofocus' even in very low light conditions.

It works by using every pixel in the image, reducing the time it takes for the
camera to focus on the subject at hand.

The camera drops from 16 megapixels to 12 megapixels in the S7, but Samsung says
its larger 1.4 micron pixels provide for better, brighter pictures.

To prove its point, the tech giant demonstrated images side by side using a
giant black box. After dropping an image from 550 lux to 3.5 lux (candles), the
image retained its clarity and vitality.

So how long will it last?

Samsung has copped plenty of criticism over battery life with its previous
models after dropping the capacity of its battery from 2800 to 2500 mAh in the
S6.

The S7 Edge now packs 3600 mAh, compared to just over 3000 for the Note 5, while
the S7 also has a 3000 rating.

Samsung says that should mean the phones easily last all day and more.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TCH


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             482 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                              July 8, 2016 Friday

Samsung profit up on strength of Galaxy S7;
Electronics giant defies slowdown in smartphone market as models enjoy more
success than expected

BYLINE: Jungah Lee Bloomberg

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 569 words

DATELINE: SEOUL


Samsung Electronics Co. reported its biggest operating profit in more than two
years, bolstered by brisk demand for its Galaxy S7 smartphones, cost controls
and sluggish iPhone sales.

Shares in the world's largest maker of phones and memory chips rose after it
reported operating income of 8.1 trillion won ($9.1 billion) in the latest
quarter, exceeding the 7.38 trillion-won average of analysts' estimates compiled
by Bloomberg and 6.9 trillion won a year earlier.

The results underscore how the South Korean company is defying a slowdown in the
smartphone market. Galaxy S7 models, which were timed to go on sale earlier than
usual this year, have capitalized on a lull in new iPhones from Apple Inc. That,
along with a healthy consumer electronics business, is helping to boost profit
margins and make up for declining income in Samsung's semiconductor business.

"S7 smartphones turned out to be a greater hit than what the market had thought
without competing iPhones," said Lee Seung Woo, an analyst at IBK Securities Co.
in Seoul. "Samsung's end-user products, such as smartphones and TVs, all
performed unbelievably well in the first half and looks like they did a lot of
cost reduction."

Revenue was 50 trillion won in the June quarter, the company said, compared with
the 50.9 trillion won analysts expected. Samsung won't provide net income or
break out divisional performance until it releases audited results later this
month.

Samsung probably sold 15 million units of the S7 in the quarter after shipping
10 million in March when it debuted, said Greg Roh, an analyst at HMC Investment
Securities in Seoul.

Operating profit at the mobile unit probably rose 53 per cent to 4.23 trillion
won in the second quarter, according to the average estimate of six analysts
surveyed by Bloomberg. Higher sales of the S7 Edge with a wraparound screen,
compared with the flat version, along with solid demand for cheaper models
helped earnings grow.

In the absence of a new iPhone, many carriers boosted marketing spending to
drive purchases of the S7, shifting the cost of promotion away from Samsung.

"Marketing cost is under control," said Peter Yu, a Seoul-based analyst at BNP
Paribas SA in Seoul.

Operating income at the semiconductor business probably fell about 25 per cent
to 2.55 trillion won in the June quarter on sales of 11.2 trillion won,
according to the analyst survey. Slackening demand for personal computers and
smartphones have pressured chip prices and outweighed rising orders of storage
chips from company clients.

The company's display division, which also makes screens using organic
light-emitting diodes, probably posted a profit of 170 billion won, reversing
from the 270 billion won loss recorded in the previous quarter, according to the
Bloomberg survey.

Stronger profit from OLED as more smartphone makers adopt the technology helped
to make up for losses from liquid crystal displays.

Samsung has held exclusive talks to supply OLED screens for iPhones due in 2017,
people familiar with the matter have said. The company may also bring out its
own phones with bendable screens as early as next year, people familiar have
said.

"Investors expect the smartphone-tablet hybrid device that is made of flexible
OLED technology could be a game changer," Peter Lee, an analyst at NH Investment
Securities Co. said in a June 20 report. "Especially, they seem to have higher
hopes on foldable smartphones."

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                             483 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      September 5, 2016 Monday 1:33 PM GMT

Samsung offers cash incentives to Galaxy Note 7 customers after exploding
battery kerfuffle;
Samsung is offering $25 credit to anyone who swaps their Galaxy Note 7 for
another Samsung phone, rather than opting for another brand

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 487 words


Samsung is reportedly offering people who bought its Galaxy Note 7 cash
incentives to stick with the brand, rather than exchange it for a rival
smartphone maker's device.

Samsung's US subsidiary said on Friday that it will offer customers a $25 credit
if they exchange their Galaxy Note 7 for another Samsung smartphone, rather than
get a refund.

Customers can swap their phone for a Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge or a replacement
Galaxy Note 7 in exchange for $25, in the form of a gift card or bill credit,
according to Recode .

Samsung told the website it expects to have replacement Galaxy Note 7 devices as
soon as next week. Those who choose a Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 Edge will also get
a refund of any difference in price.

"Samsung is taking a proactive approach to address customer needs around the
Note 7," Samsung Electronics America President Tim Baxter said in a statement.

"We are encouraging customers to exchange their Note 7 by taking advantage of
our Product Exchange Program. The safety and satisfaction of our customers is
Samsung's top priority."

There is no word yet on whether people who pre-ordered the handset in the UK
will be offered the same incentive.

The move comes after Samsung was forced to halt sales of its Galaxy Note 7 just
two weeks after the flagship smartphone went on sale, after some customers
reported that batteries in the gadgets had caught fire and exploded while they
were charging .

Samsung Galaxy Note 7: release date, price, specs and all the latest images and
rumours

Samsung said it had sold 1 million Galaxy Note handsets in South Korea and the
US before the sales suspension, and that it had confirmed 35 cases of battery
issues.

Although the company has two battery suppliers, it has not found a way to
specify which phones may endanger users, so if offering to exchange all of them.

Horrified man posts video of his Samsung Galaxy Note 7 that burst into flames

"There was a tiny problem in the manufacturing process so it was very difficult
to find out," said Koh Dong-jin, president of Samsung's mobile business.

Galaxy Note 7s were pulled from shelves in 10 countries. The smartphone was due
to go on sale in the UK on Friday, but the launch was suspended and advertising
pulled from the websites of mobile operators following the reports.

Now US product safety and testing non-profit organisation Consumer Reports has
called for Samsung to officially recall of all of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphones,
citing the "serious nature of the safety problem".

A full recall would require the return of all smartphones sold, and an immediate
halt of sales from all retailers and mobile operators - not just Samsung itself.

"I can't comment on exactly how much the cost will be, but it pains my heart
that it will be such a big number," said Koh Dong-jin.

If you have already bought a Galaxy Note 7 and want to exchange it for a new
one, you can call Samsung's customer service team on 0330 7261000.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             484 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung launches Galaxy S7

BYLINE: Nandagopal Rajan

LENGTH: 266  words


Samsung on Tuesday launched its flagship Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge in India,
well within a fortnight of their global launch at the Mobile World Congress in
Barcelona. The two flagship phones, being sold at competitive prices of Rs48,900
and Rs56,900 long with the Samsung Gear VR headset, will come with the heavy
component of Made in India features as well as Made for India services.

The phones arguable have the best cameras in Android devices, most of which was
tested and developed at Samsung's R&D facility in Bangalore. It is also the
second largest such facility for the Korean tech giant.

Samsung R&D institude vice-president Dr Dalwinder Singh said his team worked on
multiple user scenarios to perfect the camera which uses a new dual pixel
technology to offer better performance in low light.

Powered by Samsung's own Exynos processors, the phones will offer better network
capabilities, says the company. Incidentally, the phone will not be powered by
the Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 procession like in some other markets.

Giving some extra value to customers of the premium devices in India, Samsung is
now adding a layer of concierge services in the My Galaxy app.

Manu Sharma, director mobile at Samsung India, said along with curated services,
S7 customers will get to jump the queue at around 400 service centres and will
also have pickup and drop facility with the option of getting a standby device
if needed. The concierge will be in the form of an on-call personal assistant
powered by Haptik Inc available from 10 am to 6 pm every day along with a chat
service with longer timings.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             485 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             coventrytelegraph.net

                       August 22, 2016 Monday 4:17 PM GMT

Fancy a cheap smartphone? Samsung to launch second-hand scheme;
You could get your hands on devices like the signature Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge

BYLINE: By James Rodger

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 197 words


If you want a smartphone for a fraction of the eye-watering sums they currently
fetch, then you're in luck.

Mobile phone giant Samsung is reportedly set to launch a a smartphone
refurbishment service, allowing people to buy second-hand handsets for reduced
prices.

The company is set to refurbish high-end phone, according to the reports, which
have been returned to the company by customers who sign up for its one-year
upgrade programme.

A person with direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters devices are likely to
include Samsung's flagship Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge, as well as the Galaxy Note 7,
which went on sale last week.

Samsung will then re-sell these phones at a lower price - but nobody knows how
big the discount would be, or how many refurbished devices Samsung expected to
sell.

It is thought the service, which is being launched to maximise its operating
margins and fend-off competition from lower-cost rivals, could launch in markets
as early as next year.

Samsung's biggest rival Apple already sells refurbished iPhones in a number of
markets, but does not disclose sales figures.

These have a re-sale value of around 69 per cent of their original price a year
after launch.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBET


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             486 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         The Evening Standard (London)

                             June 2, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

The best camera is the onne in your back pocket;
Technology A new wave of smartphones are poised to make this summer one you'll
never forget. Fred Searle takes a look at the big picture

BYLINE: Fred Searle

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 34,35

LENGTH: 775 words


CAMERAPHONES have come a long way since the dark, pixellated days of your first
Nokia brick. As smartphone snappers become ever-more advanced it's increasingly
rare to see anyone but the most seasoned of pros whip out a real camera. Tech
brands are now racing to make the longest lenses and flashiest lighting, not
just as add-ons to their phones but as a key selling point.

We don't know when the iPhone 7 is coming out but already the internet is awash
with rumours about its design. Last week a social media user in China leaked
pictures purporting to show the new smartphone. Besides what seems to be an
all-screen-no-home-button front panel, the main feature that stands out is the
bigger camera, which pops out like a compact fish eye from the back of the
phone.

The iPhone 7 - or the plusher 7 Plus version, at least - is likely to have a
dual-lens camera, according to Stuff magazine's Rob Leedham, who has seen the
rumour crop up in numerous leaks. "This improves your photo quality because the
lenses can focus on different details and combine to take a sharper shot," he
says. This should make for improved lowlight shooting and more detailed pictures
- good for landscapes, bad for blemishes.

The current iPhone 6 camera, although now a bit older than some of its new
competitors, remains "one of the best on the market", says Leedham. But it can
still be improved upon. The Samsung Galaxy S7, which has been around since
March, is "the high watermark of smartphone cameras", he says. "It gives you
these really bright, bold pictures, which pop off your Instagram feed." Tech
review site Tom's Guide agrees, naming the Galaxy S7 Edge the best allrounder.

While the iPhone focuses on natural colours, the Galaxy's palette is more
vibrant. But the Samsung camera's main plus point, according to Stuff magazine,
is its ability to cope as well when it gets dark. "It's great in low light; it's
great in most conditions," says Leedham. The Galaxy S7's prowess in low light is
due to the South Korean manufacturer's brave decision to scale back on the
number of megapixels from 16 to 12, compared with the phone's previous model.
Fewer pixels means bigger pixels, which lets in more light - perfect for those
holiday selfies as the sun dips.

When cameras first started to sprout from the backs of our phones in the early
2000s it was all: "How many megapixels have you got? the inclusion of new
features designed to cater for both the amateur and professional photographer."

A good example is the Huawei P9, which is one step ahead of the iPhone 7 with a
dual-lens camera of its own. The Chinese brand - the second biggest smartphone
manufacturer in the world but still somewhat of a dark horse in the UK game -
teamed up top-end camera specialist Leica to release a camera with two sensors
last month: one for colour and one for black-and-white. Each takes a photo and
the pictures are combined to give 300 per cent more light and 50 per cent better
contrast, without the need for snappers to fiddle around with any complicated
settings.

The LG G5, meanwhile, has a 135-degree wide-angle lens, which lets users capture
more of the scene in one image without having to change position or resort to
panorama mode. This makes the G5 a great holiday camera - perfect for capturing
cityscapes, vista and group shots.

Back in 2014 the electronics manufacturer was also one of the first to introduce
a flash for selfies, "allowing users to capture themselves in the best way under
most ambient conditions", according to the company's product marketing manager
Shaun Musgrave.

Today, for the first time, smartphone cameras are genuinely giving their
standalone equivalents a run for their money. Research by Carphone Warehouse
revealed that 65 per cent of smartphone users use their phone as a substitute
for a point-and-click device. The study also showed that almost 40 per cent of
smartphone users consider the quality of a handset camera "an important (or very
important) element of a new mobile phone".

"Smartphones have reached parity in terms of their screens and processors," says
Leedham. "The camera is where it's at in terms of technology." And the main
players' clever new features highlight their progress in dealing with the dusk.

Smartphone cameras - once a less professional but more convenient alternative -
are now the real deal whatever the time of day. @fsearle91

What's your zoom like?" Now there's much more to it. Carphone Warehouse's buying
director Andy Webb says: "It's no longer about the number of pixels but

'It's no longer about the number of pixels but new features designed to cater
for both the amateur and professional photographer'

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Get snappy happy: above, Huawei's dual-lens P9 smartphone. Clockwise
from far left, the Huawei Leica, the Galaxy S7 and the LG G5Point and click: the
LG G5 has a 135-degree wide-angle lens

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EST


                   Copyright 2016 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             487 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

Top 6 handsets with smaller screens

BYLINE: Liu Zheng

LENGTH: 578  words


Even as consumers clamor for more and more "phablets", Apple Inc has reminded
the world that there are a certain number of small phone fans who tend to prefer
displays that are smaller than 5 inches across.

Apart from the latest iPhone SE, there are five other brands who have produced
high-end hardware specs with smaller screens.

Let's take a look at the six devices with relatively smaller screens on the
market according to iphone.265g.com, a domestic technology website.

iPhone SE

Presented by Apple as the most powerful 4-inch phone ever made by the company,
iPhone SE is equipped with a 4-inch 1136x640 (326 ppi) display. Powered by
Apple's latest A9 processor, the phone provides 2GB RAM and a 12 megapixel rear
camera. It allows users to shoot 4K video and also Live Photos. The phone also
offers functions such as Touch ID, Apple Pay and Retina Flash for dim lighting.

The new iPhone SE is seen on display during an event at the Apple headquarters
in Cupertino, California March 21, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

Samsung Galaxy S7

The Galaxy S7 features a 5.1-inch screen. It is the first smartphone with
dual-pixel technology, so it captures better photos in low-light environments
and focuses faster than the blink of an eye. The Galaxy S7 is powered by the
latest Android Marshmallow OS. The phone is also water resistant. It repels
spills, splashes and even dunks without a bulky protective case.

A woman displays new Samsung S7 (R) and S7 edge smartphones after their
unveiling ceremony at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, February
21, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

Xiaomi Mi 4s

The Mi 4s features a similar 5-inch Full HD IPS display to the one that equipped
the Mi 4c. It is powered by a hexa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 processor and it
comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 64GB of internal storage that can be
expanded via a microSD card.

Xiaomi 4s [Photo/en.miui.com]

Xiami Redmi 3

The Redmi 3 features a 5-inch IPS LCD capacitive touch screen, with 720 x 1280
pixels. It is powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 616 processor and it comes with
2GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded via a
microSD card to a maximum of 128 GB.

Xiaomi vice president Hugo Barra poses with a Redmi Note 3 during an interview
with Reuters after a launching ceremony in Hong Kong, China March 21, 2016.
[Photo/Agencies]

Smartisan T2

The Smartisan features a 4.95-inch, 1920 x 1080 pixel display, with a Qualcomm
Snapdragon 808 processor. The phone packs 3GB of RAM, and 16GB or 32GB of
storage.

What really makes the Smartisan T2 stand out though, is its software system
named Smartisan OS. It provides a tile-based user interface, a series of new
features and custom apps, such as auto arrange desktop icons by color, date, or
other criteria, a "remote assistance" app that allows a friend, family member,
or professional to take control of your phone to provide remote support, video
and GIF editors and screen recording.

Smartisan T2 [Photo/gsminsider.com]

OnePlus X

Operated by OnePlus' Oxygen OS system based on Android 5.1.1 Lollipop, the phone
features a 5-inch AMOLED display with a 1080 x 1920 resolution. It packs 3GB of
memory, a 13MP back-facing camera and a 7.6MP front-facing one. It also contains
a microSD slot, which is first seen for the brand that a allow users for
expandable storage up to 128GB. The phone is described by tech site theverge.com
as "a low-cost Android phone in high-end disguise".

OnePlus X [Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             488 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                      February 22, 2016 Monday 9:44 PM GMT

First impressions of Samsung's new Galaxy S7 and Gear 360 camera;
The unveiling of the Galaxy S7 was the main event, but Samsung's 360-degree
camera could be a game-changer

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 913 words


In Barcelona, on the eve of the annual trade show Mobile World Congress,
electronics manufacturer Samsung revealed its latest smartphones, which it
really needs to be big hits this year. But the show stealer was the Gear 360, a
golf-ball-like camera that could change how we make home videos.

The latest phones, called the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge, follow last year's
S6 series, which were the first Samsung smartphones with high-end materials and
finishes, aimed at taking on Apple's iPhone.

Reviews were strong, but sales weren't quite good enough - even though the
company still sold more phones than its rivals. This year's phones follow the
same design language including the distinctive sloping-edged screen that gives
the edge its name, this time improved so even the large screen (5.5 inches) on
the S7 edge feels comfortable in the hand. The S7 has a smaller, 5.1-inch,
screen.

Both have significantly but subtly improved their designs, with a more confident
feel and softer-angle corners.

Both phones introduce handy features like an always-on screen that displays a
clock so you don't need to wake the handset to see the time.

Since we all turn our phones on scores or hundreds of times each day to check
the time, this is important. Samsung's screens are attractive, ranging from
analogue to digital clocks and decorative effects. It won't affect battery life
more than 1 per cent per hour. Samsung's South Korean competitor LG announced a
similar feature on its new flagship, the G5.

Even so, the battery in each Samsung handset is bigger than last year's S6
counterparts and charges quickly (from flat to 50 per cent in 10 minutes).
Wireless charging is still available, too, and though this is not a fast as a
wired connection, Samsung promises it's speeding this up, too.

The phones have 12-megapixel cameras which boast very nippy autofocus and strong
low-light capabilities. The pixel count, you may notice, is down from last
year's 16 megapixels. However, Samsung points out that this time the sensor is
bigger and so the individual pixels are bigger, too, and better at sucking in
more light. Up to 56 per cent more than last year, Samsung says. Autofocus has
been substantially sped up, too, looking near instantaneous in the brief tests I
did.

And the new phones are waterproof. These are strong returns to form for Samsung
and balance useful advances with pristine design.

Samsung also announced that it will launch its wireless payment system, Samsung
Pay, in the UK and in Spain this year. Though no date was given, soon seems
likely. It's already live in the USA and South Korea.

Samsung's system differs from Apple's because it works with any credit card
terminal, not just contactless-enabled ones. Samsung Pay transmits a signal so
non-contactless machines are spoofed into believing a card is being swiped
though the system works with contactless machines too.

Meanwhile, there was the modest-looking Gear 360 camera. This is a small,
spherical Virtual Reality (VR) video camera with a standard screw fit for
tripods, though it has a mini tripod with it too.

It has two fisheye lenses facing in opposite directions. The idea is you can
shoot your own VR movies. The two lenses capture video simultaneously which is
then transmitted wirelessly to the S7 or S7 edge where software knits the two
feeds together into one wrap-around movie.

You can view it on the phone (swiping across the screen to turn the viewpoint to
reveal what's going on offscreen) or drop the phone into the Samsung Gear VR
headset where the phone becomes the screen and you can view what's going on just
by turning your head.

The headset is a clever accessory: some VR systems, like the soon-to-be-released
Oculus Rift, require a high-end computer attached by wires but the Samsung
headset eradicates this by relying on the Galaxy phone for the computing grunt,
and high-resolution screen quality, to make it work.

The Gear 360, Samsung hopes, will revolutionise the burgeoning VR industry so
that content is not limited to games and professionally-created movies. Holiday
videos become more appealing if you can see the sea behind you and the beach in
front just by turning your head.

The company showed the tech off with spectacular, if vertiginous, footage of
skiing - offering the choice of scanning the terrain ahead or the sportsman
preparing to set off. Recording wildlife was also radically changed by seeming
to be surrounded by giraffes on safari.

Closer to home, it will be straightforward to shoot a cycle ride with more
coverage than a GoPro can currently offer, or film a gig and really feel you're
in the audience - assuming you're close enough to the stage.

And regular holiday videos would be transformed by the extra vantage points
though, please note, this does not give carte blanche for recording long,
tedious home movies. Nothing could make those acceptable.

This year it's expected that VR will take off, and Samsung's camera can only
help with that, though it will need to be priced affordably to succeed. Virtual
reality video at its best is completely immersive, almost overwhelming, so the
prospect of more personalised content is appealing.

Rival LG yesterday announced its own VR camera, the LG 360 Cam, which offers a
smooth way of uploading results to Google Street View. Expect more to follow
suit - Apple CEO Tim Cook's recent hint that VR was exciting may mean Apple will
be among them.

David Phelan Independent

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             489 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             July 7, 2016 Thursday

[URGENT] Samsung Electronics posts US$7b operating profits in Q2

LENGTH: 248 words


[THE INVESTOR] Samsung Electronics estimated in its earnings guidance for the
April-June period on July 7 that it would post approximately 8.1 trillion won
(US$7 billion) in operating profit in the second quarter while its revenue would
come in at 50 trillion won.

The estimated operating income and revenue for the second quarter increased from
6.9 trillion won and 48.5 trillion won, respectively, in the same period last
year.

Samsung Electronics president and mobile chief Koh Dong-jin poses at the Galaxy
S7 launch event held in Barcelona in February. / Samsung Electronics

The first quarter of 2014 was the last time that Samsung posted more than 8
trillion won in operating income.

Market analysts said the upbeat sales of the firm's flagship smartphones Galaxy
S7 and S7 Edge may have boosted its earnings.

Buoyed by the robust sales of the smartphones, the second quarter operating
profit of Samsung's mobile business unit is estimated to stand at 4.4 trillion
won, which accounts for 54.3 percent of the firm's entire operating profit. The
figure increased by 59.4 percent on-year.

Around 26 million units of the Galaxy S7 have reportedly been sold worldwide --
10 million in the first quarter and 16 million in the second quarter.

Even though the number of sales is not as many as that for the Galaxy S4,
released in 2013, the firm's profit margin is said to have much improved due to
its strategy of putting focus on the high-end smartphone lineup.

By Kim Young-won (wone0102@heraldcorp.c

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             490 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            March 24, 2016 Thursday

Galaxy S7 edge: A device that ticks all the right boxes,almost

BYLINE: Hitesh Raj Bhagat

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 766 words


The stakes were raised last year - when the Galaxy S6 and S6 edge first made an
appearance. Both those phones were massive improvements over their predecessors
and we loved them.

They had great design, fantastic cameras, superb screens, blistering
performance, slick software and were full of useful features.

Which is why we were delighted to see and use the S7 and S7 edge - they take the
same excellent design, refine it further while adding in the latest hardware and
improving the camera. Rather than have three versions like last year, Samsung
chose to have just two: the more conventional S7 and the larger edge, with the
curved edges. Apart from the overall better design and hardware improvements,
there are two key changes in philosophy.

First, the micro SD card slot is back and this is a big deal. There is only a
32GB version and you can add more storage at a reasonable price. Second, both
phones are completely waterproof - an even bigger deal. You might remember that
the Galaxy S5 was waterproof too but it had some ugly plastic flaps covering the
ports and the back panel had to be securely attached to keep out the water
(since it had rubber seals).

This time, the phone is sealed from the inside and the ports (3.5mm, micro USB)
are open. Its IP68 rated, which means that you can comfortably take it to the
pool, bathtub or seaside without a worry. And if you want to capture photos
underwater, just use the volume buttons (the touchscreen won't work). There are
some reports of the speaker distorting after a dip in water, but we found that
performance was restored when allowed to dry out.

The best things about the S7 are easy to spot. Straight off the bat, the S7 edge
has the best screen in the business. There's no doubt about it! Samsung amoleds
are a cut above and they seem to push the boundaries with every new version.
Anything you see on the screen will look better - it's just that simple. The
cameras have some major upgrades too.

For starters, the unsightly camera hump on the back has almost gone. Resolution
has dropped to 12 Megapixels (which means larger pixels), the aperture is f1.7
(the widest in the business), optical image stabilisation is present and it has
something called dual pixel focusing.

This means every pixel on the sensor is cable of focusing and the results are
clear to see! In any sort of light, you'll get great results in an instant. The
wide aperture and larger pixels especially shine in low light - pit it against
any phone on the market and you'll see the difference. It's hard not to be
amazed at the kind of photos this phone captures - it's really an amazing
accomplishment. With the front camera, you'll appreciate the wide field of view,
low noise and accurate colours.

Even the 4k video is stunning, thanks to the quick focusing and dynamic range
that the sensor offers. With a little bit of video editing skills, you could
shoot a movie and viewers will think that it's captured by a high-end video
camera. As for the device itself, it's got some gorgeous design and materials.
There's Gorilla Glass 4 front and back. The performance is exceptional - we got
an AnTuTu score of over 130,000.

We also liked the game Launcher and game tools - a feature that aggregates games
and adds a floating button to perform game related functions, while in the
middle of a game. Battery life on this one is great too. You'll consistently get
5.5hrs of screen on time. So why does micro USB stay on? Quite simple really:
because of Samsung's investments in virtual reality.

The Gear VR headset uses micro USB and the new d evices this year (Galaxy S7, S7
edge and presumably Note 6) will be compatible with it.

This means that the Gear VR is compatible with a total of 6 devices for far: S6,
S6 edge, S6 edge+, Note 5, S7 & S7 edge.

Incidentally, Samsung will also be launching the Gear 360 camera soon. There are
a few things we didn't like. The curved touchscreen can be too sensitive, often
rejecting touches because it senses your grip on the sides. It's also slippery
and a fingerprint magnet. The speaker volume is a bit low and sometimes sounds
muffled, likely due to waterproofing.

The fingerprint sensor is fast, but speed and accuracy is not 100%. And finally,
Samsung tends to load some redundant apps: there are two browsers, Gmail +
email, Google + S Voice, Google Photos + Samsung gallery. But these are tiny
hiccups in a sea of awesomeness. The S7 edge is an impressive feat: it's got
that killer combination of looks and performance that will put it at the top of
any wishlist. We highly recommend it!

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             491 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                              June 12, 2016 Sunday

Potential Samsung Galaxy Note 7 teaser reveals curved edge screen

LENGTH: 189  words


Will the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 come with a curved screen as well?

Rumors of the next iteration of the Samsung Note device are already making its
rounds. Apart from being called the Note 7 instead of the Note 6, this new
phablet might potentially have a curved screen as well.

Thanks to an alleged teaser for the Samsung Galaxy Note 7, an image suggests
that Samsung will be skipping Note 6 and going straight for 7 to align with the
Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge. More than just a similar name, there are also
chances that the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 might come with curved edges on both
sides on the front and the back of the device. This could also bring in new
possibilities for the S-Pen.

In terms of rumored specs, the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 will feature a 5.8-inch
Super AMOLED screen, carrying a 1440 x 2560 QHD resolution. The Snapdragon 823
SoC is under the hood with a quad-core CPU, and the Adreno 530 GPU. 6GB of RAM
is on board, and the 12MP rear snapper found on the Galaxy S7 is used on the
handset. That camera comes with an f/1.7 aperture.

The new phablet might be introduced next month, and be available for purchase
soon.

Source

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             492 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The New Age (South Africa)

                             March 14, 2016 Monday

Top of the range S7 and S7 Edge impress

BYLINE: TANKISO KOMANE

LENGTH: 433 words


The future of technology looks brighter than ever before.

This message rang out loud and clear during the official launch of the Samsung
Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge smartphones at Hyde Park shopping centre, Johannesburg on
Thursday. Addressing guests and the media, Justine Hume, director of product
marketing at Samsung SA said the two new devices have grown even more
functional, with more personalisation abilities.

"The seamlessly connected devices expand what your phone can be, while the
meaningful partnerships redefine experiences you can have and the S7 is at the
centre of it," Hume said about its partnerships with the likes of Google Music
and Facebook.

The new features on the S7 and S7 Edge, include water/dust resistant design,
more camera pixels, high gaming performance, increased battery life and memory,
with the option to use a memory card or a second sim card.

Combined with a thinner bezel, the devices use a process known as 3D
thermoforming to shape the curved glass backing, making for a more comfortable
grip and feel.

One of Samsung's biggest selling points for both devices comes in the form of
the VR (virtual reality) headset, which allows users to watch video games,
movies and share content with others through the Facebook-owned Oculus
technology.

Available to Galaxy S7 purchases until this Friday, the chunky black box comes
packed with several games and a year's subscription to Netflix, all for free.

"Since the inception of S4 when we started thinking about this idea of phone
plus strategy, we took into account that while the phone itself might be
excellent, if it exists in isolation, it doesn't mean very much.

"Now, as you know, music streaming in South Africa is fast gaining traction and
we have seen a plethora of services coming to this market.

"However, I think if we are honest with ourselves we would agree we have very
limited representation from android and that is set to change.

"Samsung has signed an exclusive deal with Google music where S7 and Edge
customers will receive six-months-free Google  music streaming from the end of
this month. If you remember we are the first smartphone to introduce accidental
damage from handling and that will continue with the Edge 7."

While the average repair time for headsets takes about 14 days to six weeks, "we
thought we can't leave our S7 customers with that kind of experience because we
know your smartphone is an extension of your life and an extension of your
business. So with S7 we are striving to ensure that we can repair the customer's
handset within 1 hour," Hume said.

tankisok@thenewage.co.za

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 TNA Media (Pty.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             493 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday
                               Bangalore Edition

Samsung Prices Galaxy S7 at Rs 48,990, S7 Edge at Rs 56,900

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 400 words


Samsung Electronics introduced the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge Tuesday in one
of the quickest launches of a flagship mo del in India, where it is battling
global rival Apple for the pole position in the premium seg ment, which offers
the highest value share.

The South Korean smartphone maker not on ly priced the S7 and S7 Edge at what
analysts termed a competitive ' . 48,900 and '. 56,900, respecti vely, it also
introduced free, lifetime privilege concierge services exclusively for customers
of these devices.

It is offering a virtual reality headset for free to those who book the devices
till March 17, a day before the phones go on sale.

"We are confident we will consolidate our mar ket share from 48.2% by volume in
January 2016, as per GfK, in the ' . ,000-and-above segment with these devices,"
said Manu Sharma, direc tor mobile at Samsung India.

Two research agencies \xAD Counterpoint Tech nology Market Research and
Cybermedia Rese arch \xAD pegged Apple as the leader in the premi um segment by
volume in the October-Decem ber quarter, which Samsung disputed, citing GfK
figures.

"The pricing will arrest the decline of market share as it may prevent people
from going to App le, which in turn should further strengthen their position in
traditionally strong second and third quarters (April to September)," said Tarun
Pat hak, a senior analyst at Counterpoint Research "Additional storage (200 GB)
and VR headset bundled should also aid in this increase."

India is the fastest-growing smartphone mar ket in the world and No. 2 by unique
users \xAD surpassing the US \xAD making the South Asian nation critical for
global handset makers. This is why companies including Apple and Xiaomi are clo

sing the gap between their global and India de vice launches.

Cupertino-based Apple started selling the iPho ne 6s and 6s Plus in India within
a month of the US launch in September and China's No. 1 smartphone vendor Xiaomi
may bring the Mi 5 to India in April, less than a month after opening bo okings
in China. Samsung's first global announ cement of the S7 devices was made at the
Mobile World Congress in Barcelona on February 21.

"India is seen as a priority market and a strong market globally...Since we make
in India, we can do a parallel launch in India without waiting," Sharma said,
adding that all its phones and tablets were made locally, giving it another
advantage besides pricing.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             494 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Delhi Edition

Samsung Prices Galaxy S7 at Rs 48,990, S7 Edge at Rs 56,900

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 420 words


Samsung Electronics introduced the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge Tuesday in one
of the quickest launches of a flagship mo del in India, where it is battling
global rival Apple for the pole position in the premium seg ment, which offers
the highest value share.

The South Korean smartphone maker not on ly priced the S7 and S7 Edge at what
analysts termed a competitive ' . 48,900 and '. 56,900, respecti vely, it also
introduced free, lifetime privilege concierge services exclusively for customers
of these devices. It is offering a virtual reality he adset for free to those
who book the devices till March 17, a day before the phones go on sale.

"We are confident we will consolidate our mar ket share from 48.2% by volume in
January 2016, as per GfK, in the '. ,000-and-above segment with these devices,"
said Manu Sharma, direc tor mobile at Samsung India.

Two research agencies \xAD Counterpoint Tech nology Market Research and
Cybermedia Rese arch \xAD pegged Apple as the leader in the premi um segment by
volume in the October-Decem ber quarter, which Samsung disputed, citing GfK
figures.

"The pricing will arrest the decline of market share as it may prevent people
from going to App le, which in turn should further strengthen their position in
traditionally strong second and third quarters (April to September)," said Tarun
Pat hak, a senior analyst at Counterpoint Research "Additional storage (200 GB)
and VR headset bundled should also aid in this increase."

India is the fastest-growing smartphone mar ket in the world and No. 2 by unique
users \xAD surpassing the US \xAD making the South Asian nation critical for
global handset makers. This is why companies including Apple and Xiaomi are clo
sing the gap between their global and India de vice launches.

Cupertino-based Apple started selling the iPho ne 6s and 6s Plus in India within
a month of the US launch in September and China's No. 1 smartphone vendor Xiaomi
may bring the Mi 5 to India in April, less than a month after opening bo okings
in China. Samsung's first global announ cement of the S7 devices was made at the
Mobile World Congress in Barcelona on February 21.

"India is seen as a priority market and a strong market globally...Since we make
in India, we can do a parallel launch in India without waiting," Sharma said,
adding that all its phones and tablets were made locally, giving it another
advantage besides pricing.

According to International Data Corporation, smartphone shipments in India
climbed 28.8% to 103.6 million units in 2015.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             495 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

Top 6 handsets with smaller screens

BYLINE: Liu Zheng

LENGTH: 659  words


Even as consumers clamor for more and more "phablets", Apple Inc has reminded
the world that there are a certain number of small phone fans who tend to prefer
displays that are smaller than 5 inches across.

Apart from the latest iPhone SE, there are five other brands who have produced
high-end hardware specs with smaller screens.

Let's take a look at the six devices with relatively smaller screens on the
market according to iphone.265g.com, a domestic technology website.

iPhone SE

Presented by Apple as the most powerful 4-inch phone ever made by the company,
iPhone SE is equipped with a 4-inch 1136x640 (326 ppi) display. Powered by
Apple's latest A9 processor, the phone provides 2GB RAM and a 12 megapixel rear
camera. It allows users to shoot 4K video and also Live Photos. The phone also
offers functions such as Touch ID, Apple Pay and Retina Flash for dim lighting.

The new iPhone SE is seen on display during an event at the Apple headquarters
in Cupertino, California March 21, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

Samsung Galaxy S7

The Galaxy S7 features a 5.1-inch screen. It is the first smartphone with
dual-pixel technology, so it captures better photos in low-light environments
and focuses faster than the blink of an eye. The Galaxy S7 is powered by the
latest Android Marshmallow OS. The phone is also water resistant. It repels
spills, splashes and even dunks without a bulky protective case.

A woman displays new Samsung S7 (R) and S7 edge smartphones after their
unveiling ceremony at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, February
21, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

Xiaomi Mi 4s

The Mi 4s features a similar 5-inch Full HD IPS display to the one that equipped
the Mi 4c. It is powered by a hexa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 processor and it
comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 64GB of internal storage that can be
expanded via a microSD card.

Xiaomi 4s [Photo/en.miui.com]

Xiami Redmi 3

The Redmi 3 features a 5-inch IPS LCD capacitive touch screen, with 720 x 1280
pixels. It is powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 616 processor and it comes with
2GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded via a
microSD card to a maximum of 128 GB.

Xiaomi vice president Hugo Barra poses with a Redmi Note 3 during an interview
with Reuters after a launching ceremony in Hong Kong, China March 21, 2016.
[Photo/Agencies]

Smartisan T2

The Smartisan features a 4.95-inch, 1920 x 1080 pixel display, with a Qualcomm
Snapdragon 808 processor. The phone packs 3GB of RAM, and 16GB or 32GB of
storage.

What really makes the Smartisan T2 stand out though, is its software system
named Smartisan OS. It provides a tile-based user interface, a series of new
features and custom apps, such as auto arrange desktop icons by color, date, or
other criteria, a "remote assistance" app that allows a friend, family member,
or professional to take control of your phone to provide remote support, video
and GIF editors and screen recording.

Smartisan T2 [Photo/gsminsider.com]

OnePlus X

Operated by OnePlus' Oxygen OS system based on Android 5.1.1 Lollipop, the phone
features a 5-inch AMOLED display with a 1080 x 1920 resolution. It packs 3GB of
memory, a 13MP back-facing camera and a 7.6MP front-facing one. It also contains
a microSD slot, which is first seen for the brand that a allow users for
expandable storage up to 128GB. The phone is described by tech site theverge.com
as "a low-cost Android phone in high-end disguise".

OnePlus X [Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/98/145938635470.jpg

f8bc126d980d186616f519.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/91/145938635648.jpg

f8bc126d980d1866174b1a.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/44/145938635833.jpg

f8bc126d980d1866176b1b.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/69/145938635932.jpg

f8bc126d980d186617851c.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/27/145938636040.jpg

f8bc126d980d186617b41d.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/96/145938636277.jpg

f8bc126d980d186617cd1e.jpg

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             496 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                              July 29, 2016 Friday

Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge outsells its flat-screen sibling

LENGTH: 113 words


[THE INVESTOR] Samsung Electronics said on July 28 that sales of the
curved-screen Galaxy S7 Edge made up more than 50 percent of its total flagship
S7 sales in the April-June period.

The Korean tech giant didn't reveal the specific sales figure of the S7 phones
during the conference call on the day.

Industry watchers estimate a combined 270 million S7 and its Edge variant phones
have been sold in the first half of this year since their March launch.

Running on the upbeat mood, Samsung has also adopted the curved screen for the
upcoming Galaxy Note 7 phablet for the first time.

The new Note will be unveiled on Aug. 2 in New York, London and Rio de Janeiro.

By Kim Young-won (

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             497 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday

Samsung rewrites S7 launch details

LENGTH: 343  words


Samsung Electronics Co is deploying a new strategy that's being credited for
making the Galaxy S7 smartphone a surprise hit since its debut in March:
Releasing it sooner and pricing it cheaper.

A model poses for photographs with Samsung's new smartphone Galaxy S7 during its
launching ceremony in Seoul, South Korea, March 10, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

Samsung Electronics Co is deploying a new strategy that's being credited for
making the Galaxy S7 smartphone a surprise hit since its debut in March:
Releasing it sooner and pricing it cheaper.

Sales of the company's top-end lineup are estimated to reach 9 million units
during their first month on the market[#xff0d]or triple those of the S6 models
in the same time frame last year. That's prompting analysts to raise their
projections for operating profit and revenue when Samsung reports preliminary
first-quarter earnings on Thursday, even as its marquee device with a wraparound
screen is as much 8 percent cheaper than last year's device.

The world's biggest smartphone maker scrapped its practice of raising prices
with each new model, a ploy long used by Apple Inc, as it tries to counter
flattening sales growth. While Samsung's chip and display businesses probably
will suffer as a result, sales of the S7 devices are being energized by critical
praise, a lull in new models from Chinese makers and the lack of an iPhone 7 to
sway upgraders and first-time buyers.

"With the high-end smartphone market largely stagnated, the issue is no longer
about what 'Wow' features the new phone has," said Claire Kim, a Seoul-based
analyst at Daishin Securities Co. "Rather, it's about who can bring out the
phone quicker."

The S7 lineup was released March 11, about a month sooner than the S6 models
that went on sale in April 2015. The phones look similar, one with a 5.1-inch
screen and the other with a 5.5-inch screen wrapping around the edges, yet the
new models include a memory-card slot, waterproofing and a longer estimated
battery life.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/80/145999143439.jpg

b083fe955b6c186fe0281a.jpg

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             498 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                       May 26, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Top 5 Waterproof Smartphones You Need During Monsoon Rains

BYLINE: Akshit

LENGTH: 386  words


Has your smartphone ever drowned its way to the end? Pick one of these to stay
waterproof.

Who says electronics do not mix up with water? Smartphones that can handle the
rain aren't the rarity they once were, and we're not only talking about
underpowered, basic phones covered in chunky rubber either. It's entirely
possible to buy a good-looking, capable mid-range phone, and even an amazing
flagship smartphone which is not afraid of getting water drowned too.

So here is a list of Waterproof smartphones you could buy to prevent water
'hazards'.

1. Samsung Galaxy S7

The Samsung Galaxy S7 is an affordable smartphone with a beautiful screen,
amazing design and a great camera. In addition to all those features it is also
waterproof to a degree. While you don't want to take it to deep levels, the
Galaxy S7 can survive 30 minutes in five feet of water. That allows you to take
some photos in the pool, but you may not want to go completely under for very
long.

2. Samsung Galaxy S6 Active

The Samsung Galaxy S6 Active is a more rugged version of the Samsung Galaxy S6
that can handle gong underwater for 30 minutes at five feet, which is more than
enough to cover accidental exposure and to allow you to take it into the pool or
to the beach. While many waterproof smartphones feature cut down features, the
Galaxy S6 Active includes a 5.1-inch Quad HD display, fast processor with 3GB
RAM and 32GB of storage. There is a 16MP rear camera and 5MP front facing camera
plus it runs Android Lollipop.

3. Moto X Play

Moto X Play was launched by Motorola back in September at INR 18,499. The
waterproof smartphone features a water repellent nano-coating that can save
during splashes and from water spills.

4. Sony Xperia Z5

Sony Xperia Z5 is another premium smartphone from the Japanese tech firm that is
water resistant. The handset was launched parallel to Xperia Z5, Xperia Z5
Compact and Xperia Z5 Premium. The smartphone is priced at INR 52,990.

5. HTC Desire Eye

HTC Desire Eye was launched in October last year in India. The water-proof
selfie smartphone is priced at INR 35,990 and is IPx7 rated. The smartphone's
key highlight is the 13MP front-facing camera.

If you have any other smartphone in your mind that you would want to recommend
other readers in this price segment? Share your views in the comments section
below!

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             499 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            October 11, 2016 Tuesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Burning to ditch that Samsung Galaxy Note 7?;
Several alterna- tives are ready to step up and do the job

BYLINE: Eli Blumenthal, @eliblumenthal, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 387 words


One thing about the Galaxy Note 7 is very clear: Samsung's latest smartphone is
unsafe.

After a week of reports that replacement Note 7 phones were catching on fire
from battery issues, the company has seen a wave of backlash. AT&T, T-Mobile,
Sprint and Verizon have all stopped offering replacement devices. Samsung
followed, saying it would ask all global retail partners to stop sales and
exchanges.

And the Consumer Product Safety Commission issued a stringent warning that
consumers should power down and stop using all Galaxy Note 7s as the commission
investigates reports of phones overheating and burning in multiple states.

All major carriers, including Sprint, are allowing customers to return Note 7s
and exchange them for a phone of their choosing. T-Mobile is even throwing in a
$25 bill credit.

Here are a few replacements worth considering.

Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge

If you really love your Note 7's water resistance, great camera, wireless
charging and crisp display, you should strongly consider the Galaxy S7 Edge
($749.99-$800). Samsung's top Galaxy S7 phone has a slightly smaller screen and
lacks some of the Note 7's bells and whistles but is as close as you'll find to
the Note 7. Unlike the Note 7, there have been few reports of  battery issues.

Apple iPhone 7 Plus

The iPhone 7 Plus ($769) has a large 5.5-inch display, improved camera and
offers water resistance. The battery doesn't last as long, the display isn't as
sharp and water resistance on the Note is better. Oh, and there's no headphone
jack. But it's  a compelling alternative. Apple has a free Android to iPhone app
in the Google Play store called "Move to iOS" to help make the  process easier.

Google Pixel XL

Google's first smartphone ($769) will be out Oct. 20, and like other phones on
this list, it has a 5.5-inch display, fast-charging battery that promises nearly
7 hours of charge in 15 minutes, and unlimited storage for photos and videos. It
supports Google's new Daydream virtual reality platform, giving you a
replacement for Samsung's Gear VR.

LG V20

The LG V20 ($830 at AT&T) has a 5.7-inch, high-resolution display that matches
the Note 7 and features a speedy processor and dual cameras for improved
pictures. It features a replaceable battery, a rarity amongst high-end phones.
The LG V20 hits T-Mobile and Sprint stores Oct. 28.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Richard Drew, AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             500 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                            February 22, 2016 Monday
                                 First Edition

Galaxy S7 shines, but virtual reality camera is the new star for Samsung;
FIRST LOOK GALAXY S7 **** GEAR 360 ****

BYLINE: REVIEW BY DAVID PHELAN IN BARCELONA

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 492 words


In the competitive business of smartphone launches, it takes something
extraordinary to overshadow the unveiling of the iPhone's biggest rival.

But Samsung's new Galaxy S7 models had the show stolen from them last night at
the opening of the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, when the company revealed
a golf-ball-like camera that could change how we make and view home videos,
bringing virtual reality (VR) to the masses.

The modest-looking Gear 360 is a small, spherical video camera with two fisheye
lenses facing in opposite directions.

The two lenses capture video simultaneously, which is then transmitted
wirelessly to your phone, where software knits the two feeds together into one,
wrap-around movie.

The Gear 360, Samsung hopes, will revolutionise the burgeoning VR industry. It
is banking on holiday videos becoming more appealing if you can see the sea
behind you and the beach in front, just by turning your face while looking at
the footage using another clever accessory.

Some VR systems, like the soon-to-be-released Oculus Rift, require a high-end
computer attached by wires, but the Samsung Gear VR headset eradicates this by
relying on the Galaxy phone and high-resolution screen quality to make it work.
The phone simply slots into the contraption to become the screen.

The company showed off the technology with spectacular, vertiginous footage of
skiing - offering the choice of scanning the terrain ahead or the sportsperson
preparing to set off. Recording wildlife was also radically changed as the
viewer seemed to be surrounded by giraffes on safari.

Closer to home, it will be straightforward to shoot a cycle ride with more
coverage than a GoPro can currently offer, or film a gig and really feel like
you're in the audience.

This year is being hailed as the moment VR will take off, and Samsung's camera
can only help with that, though it will need to be priced affordably to succeed.
At its best, VR is completely immersive, almost overwhelming, so the prospect of
more-personalised content is appealing.

Rival manufacturer LG also announced its own VR camera yesterday, the LG 360
Cam, which offers a smooth way of uploading results to Google Street View.
Expect more to follow suit - Apple chief executive Tim Cook's recent hint that
VR was exciting may mean Apple will be among them.

As for the phones, the Galaxy S7, and the S7 edge (with a sloping screen that
fits around the side of the model, hence its name), are good developments of
their forerunners.

Both are waterproof and also introduce handy features like an always-on screen
clock, so you don't need to wake the handset to see the time. It won't affect
battery life by more than 1 per cent per hour. Samsung's South Korean
competitor, LG, announced a similar feature.

Even so, the battery is bigger and charges quickly (from flat to 50 per cent in
10 minutes). The phones have 12-megapixel cameras which boast very nippy
autofocus and strong, low-light capabilities.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IA


                      Copyright 2016 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved
