

AUSTRALIANS will pay 20 per cent more than customers in the US when the iPhone 6
is released next week.

Apple yesterday unveiled two big-screen iPhones to tackle the threat from
so-called "phablets", as well as a tap-and-touch payment system and a wearable
Apple Watch.

The 12cm iPhone 6 and the 14cm iPhone 6 Plus both have Near Field Communication,
or NFC, a wireless communication system some Android phones embraced years ago
that enables tap-and-touch payments at check-outs.

Apple hopes deals it has made with American Express, Visa and MasterCard, major
US banks and a string of retailers will be enough for Apple Pay to take off. The
payment system begins in the US in October, but there are no details on its
Australian introduction.

The new iPhone range goes on sale here from September 19 but Australians will be
slugged. Prices for the iPhone 6 start at $869 compared with $US649 ($707) in
the US.

The iPhone 6 Plus will retail from $999 here and $US749 ($816) in the US.
Australian customers can pre-order the new phones from tomorrow. After years of
rumours, the Apple Watch was also unveiled. It has.a 38mm or 42mm watch face and
three models, all with interchangeable bands.

Apple said that when paired with at least an iPhone 5, it would let people shop
with Apple Pay using their watch.

While an Australian price has not been announced, it will retail in the US from
$US349.

Australian retailers are already preparing for a battle over the new iPhone
range.

Optus fired the first shots on Sunday when it revealed people who abandon their
existing contracts with rival companies would be given $200 credit to offset
cancellation charges if they move to a 24-month Optus plan.

Telstra customers who bought an iPhone5s last September on a two-year contract
wishing to upgrade are likely to be hit with a $500 termination fee. Consumer
group Choice spokesman Tom Godfrey said: "Apple needs to justify why it
continues to take larger bites out of Aussie wallets."
andrew.jefferson@news.com.au

5 THINGS APPLE DIDN'T TELL US APPLE has revealed plenty of new details about the
new iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple Watch, but some questions remain
unanswered.

Here are five things we learnt at the launch - and five things we didn't. WHAT
WE DON'T KNOW * The Apple Watch has a battery that recharges at night by
touching a magnet to the back of it. Just how often it will need recharging is
anybody's guess. Our guess is every night.

* When does the Apple Watch come to Australia? It will be after Christmas but
how about early January?

Nothing says Australia Day like a new smartwatch - perhaps with a
esky-and-thongs app.

* What will Apple Pay mean to Australians?

Apple has announced a bunch of US retailers and banks but no details of when it
will come to Australia and how it will work.

* Is an eight-megapixel camera the ultimate in an iPhone camera? While the
iPhone 6 Plus in particular has some great new features, including a super
slow-mo rate and optical image stabilising, Apple is continuing to stick with an
eight-megapixel camera. As Apple would say, it's not the size of your
megapixels, it's how you use them.

* While we were given stats on battery usage, one thing you can never learn in a
product launch is what battery use is like in real-world examples. The iPhone 6
and 6 Plus were said to have a battery life equal to if not better than the
iPhone 5S. Is that going to be good enough? WHAT WE KNOW * Apple plans to
replace your wallet with your smartphone, in the shape of the iPhone 6 and 6
Plus. A lot of people have that plan but analysts are already saying that the
deals Apple has made with banks, credit cards and retailers like Disney could
make this dream come true.

* Both new iPhones will use the same charger as the iPhone 5 models. * Speaking
of the Apple Watch, the rumour that it would be called the iWatch was shot down.
Apparently there is no 'I' in watch, just like there is no 'I' in team. It does
come in two sizes and three models. No matter what Watch you get, they all have
interchangeable bands.

* On the topic of names, where did iPhone 6 Plus come from? Let's get ready for
the marketing campaign: Now iPhones come in Plus-sized models.

* Apple has embraced NFC (Near Field Communication) at last - not only in its
iPhones, but in its smartwatch.

If you're an Apple fan, you better brace yourself for some gentle ribbing from
your Android-loving mates welcoming you to 2010.

* U2 are very, very loud. Tim Cook is not scared to say "one more thing". Apple
can still keep very big secrets.And it doesn't need Steve Jobs to launch sexy
new products.

