

An unstable hot air mass troubled the iOSphere this week, the sky blackened by
contradictory rumors, sometimes in thesame blog post.

There was even confusion over whether the words "4G iPhone 6" referred to the
Next iPhone or the Current iPhone.

Also this week: the audacious made-before-your-very-eyes rumor that Apple is
building its own overseas assembly plants; the supply chain is ahead of schedule
and behind schedule so that means a June or perhaps later release date for
iPhone 6; and Sharp is ramping up to mass produce iPhone 5S screens in June even
though it dropped Apple as a customer in January.

You read it here second.

__________"The curiously conflicting comments from the factories [of Apple's OEM
partners], which don't line up with known sales figures and inventory
availability, only make sense if Apple is quietly but broadly pulling its
manufacturing orders from its longtime partners in favor of building its own
factories."~ Will Stabley, StableyTimes.com, showing what can be accomplished
when one pretends that comments and figures are based on facts instead of on
rumors.__________ iPhone 6 "pops up in carrier system" Yet another rumor that
promises more than it delivers.

The headline at GottaBeMobile reads in full: "iPhone 6 Pops Up in Carrier
System, But Far From Release."  Which certainly implies that, you know, someone
saw and identified an iPhone 6.

In fact, what allegedly "popped up" were the words "4G iPhone 6" on what was
variously called (sometimes in the same online posting) an inventory list, a
product list, a "till system," a computer system, or perhaps all the above, of
British mobile carrier Vodafone.

"A Vodafone employee reportedly snapped the photo of the computer system showing
an entry for the "4G iPhone 6? mixed in with what appear to be plans and other
device listings," explains Josh Smith.

The photo was originally published by Stuff.tv.  "Stuff has received a spy shot
of a UK mobile operator's till system which lists '4G iPhone 6' on a product
list," the website announced. Here's the current version of the spy shot, with
some previously visible portions blurred out.

"The photo was snapped at a UK operator store and strongly suggests that Apple
will be skipping the 5S moniker and jumping straight to the iPhone 6, meaning we
could be in for some drastic changes from the Apple camp," Stuff announces
breathlessly.

Because the iPhone 5S is just, in the phrase a la mode, a "spec bump" whereas
the iPhone 6 will be a Huge Step Forward.

But by this time, GottaBeMobile's Josh Smith is busily trying to convince
readers of his post that actually there's nothing to the rumor, because the term
"iPhone 6" doesn't refer to a new iPhone at all.

"The simpler explanation for the iPhone 6 showing up in Vodafone's system is
that this may be a listing for the [existing] iPhone 5," he reveals. "The iPhone
5 is actually the sixth iPhone, so it could potentially carry the iPhone 6 name
on an internal system that is never meant to see the light of day."

But there's no holding back Stuff.tv, which reaches escape velocity from the
gravitational pull of Reason in just a few sentences.

"[W]e could see a totally revamped body which strays away from the iPhone 4S and
iPhone 5's well-established shape," according to Stuff. "With Apple's WWDC
kicking off on June 10th with a plastic budget iPhone expected to make an
appearance, Apple could surprise us all with an early reveal of the iPhone 6.
This would match up with the latest rumours which suggest that iPhone 6
production will begin in July, with an earlier August release date."

Which of course contradicts rumors from as recently as last week, which pushed
the "iPhone 6" into 2014, leaving us in 2013 with only the "iPhone 5S."

iPhone 6 will be assembled in Apple's own factories StableyTimes.com is to be
congratulated for what is undoubtedly the most audacious rumor of the week,
created apparently ex nihilo ("out of nothing"): Apple is building and manning
its own overseas manufacturing/assembly factories. The downside to audacity is
that after this, the website will be known as UnstableyTimes.com The post by
Will Stabley starts by misstating, misinterpreting, and mangling news and rumors
about two of Apple's device assemblers, Pegatron and Foxconn.

"[iPad assembler] Pegatron [is] stating that it's facing a surprise drop in iPad
mini demand from Apple," Stabley asserts.

"IPhone 5 sales continue to soar while its manufacturer Foxconn reports massive
drops in orders for it as well, with the vendor talking about life after Apple
as if it's already lost the iPhone 6."

Neither of the companies made such assertions.

A Bloomberg story this week by Tim Culpan, on Pegatron's first quarter results,
implied that Pegatron's CEO explicitly blamed a drop in iPad orders from Apple
for an expected second quarter decline in Pegatron's consumer electronics
revenues. And that's how it was widely and uncritically interpreted.

But Fortune's Philip Elmer-Dewitt dissected the Bloomberg story's problems. And
he emailed Pegatron CEO Jason Cheng and asked him about his alleged comments. In
reply, Cheng summarized his interacting with Culpan and concluded "I did not say
anything associated with any specific products." Or, in keeping with the
company's long-standing practice and principles, with any specific customer.

Which, as Elmer-Dewitt noted, is standard operating procedure for contract
manufacturers, especially those working with Apple.

Similarly, in its recent quarterly financial report, Foxconn reported a decline
in orders from one customer, without naming the customer. Apple isn't its only
customer; and estimates of the percentage of Foxconn business attributed to
Apple are unreliable, ranging from 40 to 70%. Again, executives made no mention
of Apple or the iPhone.

But Stabley is undeterred and, apparently unaware of the dangers of building a
house on sand instead of rock (cf the Gospel of Matthew 7:24-27), constructs a
new rumor before our very eyes.

"The curiously conflicting comments from the factories, which don't line up with
known sales figures and inventory availability, only make sense if Apple is
quietly but broadly pulling its manufacturing orders from its longtime partners
in favor of building its own factories," he declares. It apparently doesn't
occur to Stabley that the comments are in conflict and don't line up because
there's something mistaken about the comments or figures.

Set aside the question of what actually is "known" about Apple's sales figures
and inventory availability, except quarterly.

Let's think about this. Apple relies on Asian OEM manufacturers who have honed
their ability to manufacture complex, high quality consumer electronics products
on a mass basis. This takes place, especially in the case of Foxconn, in immense
factories based in Taiwan and China, staffed by hundreds of thousands of
employees in some cases. As a result, these companies have a web of
relationships with local and national political and regulatory authorities,
local labor markets, shipping and freight carriers, and a network of scores or
hundreds of component suppliers to name just a few.

Apple, according to Stabley, is preparing to scrap this entire, complex
infrastructure and re-create it all by itself.

"As odd as the idea may sound, it's the only explanation which allows the
current chain of events regarding the two products to make sense," Stabley
insists.

"Odd" doesn't begin to describe the idea.

In 2012, Apple invested $9.5 billion in capital spending, "including product
tooling and manufacturing process equipment, and other corporate facilities and
infrastructure." That was more than double what it spent in 2011. Apple
indicated last fall it will spend over $10 billion in the current fiscal 2013.

In a November 2012 analysis of this spending, Asymco's Horace Dediu suggests
that some of this money is to secure manufacturing assets of Sharp Corp., a
financially struggling screen manufacturer and a key supplier of mobile displays
to Apple. The rest of it is investing in equipment that is owned by Apple but
deployed at the manufacturing plants of its OEM contractors.

"The overall story remains that Apple is still injecting vast and growing
amounts of capital into production and placing those assets on its own balance
sheet," Dediu concluded.

Far from replacing the strengths and infrastructure of OEM partners, Apple's
capital spending leverages them. And the $20 billion being spent in calendar
2012 and 2013 indicate a massive growth in production capacity and, conceivably,
in equipment for new categories of Apple products, as Tim Cook indicated at
Apple's most recent earnings call when he talked about product introductions
starting in the fall of 2013 and continuing into 2014.

iPhone 5S or 6 due in June, or maybe July or August, no matter what Tim Cook
says If it's Friday, the Apple supply chain must be behind schedule again. Or
ahead of schedule. It all depends.

International Business Times on May 8 declared that "New rumours claimed that
Apple's upcoming smartphones, iPhone 6 and 5S, is set to be launched next month
along with iOS 7."

That seems straightforward enough, eh?

"This contradicts earlier reports that the next iPhone will be released as early
as later this year, according to the somewhat confused phrasing of Kristin Dian
Mariano. She mentions that Apple CEO Tim Cook recently said, pretty clearly,
that new hardware, software and sources would begin to be announced in the fall
of 2013. Rather amazingly, she takes this as proof that "the reports on the
delayed release date of Apple products proved to be true."

The June release rumor also contradicts IBT's post - the day before on June 7 --
that the "production of iPhone 6 and 5S may commence as soon as July." IBT's
source for this claim was a post at PatentlyApple on May 6, which in turn cited
but didn't link to a "new Chinese report" that Apple's "supply chain
manufacturers have begun to receive component parts for the new iPhone,
supposedly named the 5S."

PatentlyApple's Jack Purcher explains it takes two months to "reach the assembly
stage," which means the Next iPhones will be assembled in July and released in
August.

"Today's latest rumor suggests that Apple could be breaking with their
traditional September-only release time frame for new iPhones," Purcher says.

That would be the ancient and venerable 2-year-old tradition encompassing the
iPhone 4S, released October 2011, and the iPhone 5, released September 2012.

"The rumor is blatantly suggesting that the iPhone 5S would debut in August and
a new economical entry in September." For no identifiable reason, Purcher
considers this a "stretch."

"Yet for now, the rumor of the day out of Apple's supply chain is that Apple has
moved up their part orders earlier than normal which could point to an earlier
release of the iPhone 5S."

So putting together these two websites' "reporting," we now know that Apple's
supply chain is running ahead of schedule and behind schedule, that the release
of the Next iPhones will be later than planned and earlier than planned, and
could be released in June, August, or September or possibly as early as later
this year.

iPhone 5S display panel from Sharp ramps up production in June or not More
"reporting" from the supply chain.

"A report from the Far East on Tuesday says struggling LCD manufacturer and
Apple supplier Sharp is ready to ramp up display manufacture for the
next-generation iPhone, with mass production slated to start next month," says
AppleInsider's Mikey Campbell.  The information, such as it is, is lifted
originally from a Japanese website, Nikkan Kogyo Shimbun. The website post also
caught the eye of VentureBeat's John Koetsier, who like Campbell, wrote a
summary that managed to be longer than the original.  Koetsier linked to a
Google Translate version of the original post, something that always require a
certain, uh, flexibility of imagination to grasp its meaning, since you end up
with sentences like: "Appears to have embarked on production readiness of
consecutive holidays from May Kameyama Plant No. 1 of Apple smartphones LCD
dedicated plagued by sluggish occupancy rate since the beginning of the year in
(Kameyama, Mie Prefecture)."

A generous interpretation appears to be: the Japanese website claims that Sharp
will ramp up production of iPhone 5S displays starting in June. Koetsier calls
attention to this sentence: "The liquid crystal panel of the next model 'iPhone
(iPhone) 5' Apple, specification is close to the current and the 'iPhone 5'."

"In other words, the 5S is the same size and shape as the 5, which means that
this particular product is not the iPhone Mini or iPhone Maxi that have recently
been rumored," Koetsier explains. "Which doesn't, of course, mean that Apple is
not sourcing components for those potential products from other manufacturers."

Exactly. What we know points to the opposite of what we thought we knew but that
doesn't mean that what we thought was happening isn't actually happening. As
Will Stabley might put it, "As odd as the idea may sound, it's the only
explanation which allows the current chain of events regarding the two products
to make sense."

Yet despite the rumors that Sharp is ramping up iPhone display production, this
week also brings rumors that say, basically, the reverse. "Surprising Report
Surfaces Claiming Sharp has Dropped Apple" is the headline at PatentlyApple.

"A surprising Korean report [by Korea IT News] this afternoon emphatically
states that Sharp, the leading company in the small & medium-sized LCD panel
market, is starkly changing its supply strategy...."writes Jack Purcher.
"According to the industry on May 8, Sharp stopped the production of LCD panels
for iPad as of January this year and started supplying Samsung with small and
medium-sized IGZO panels instead."

The problems with this assessment are almost as great as those associated with
Stabley's assessment that Apple is building its own assembly plants, as this
March 27 story by The Wall Street Journal makes clear: "Sharp Corp. is banking
on a proprietary technology with an unproven track record to revive its fortunes
after it soon reports what's expected to be the largest annual loss in its
100-year history."

Thoroughly reported, the Journal story clarifies the technology's benefits,
reveals its importance to Sharp, and puts the company's product and financial
challenges in context.

"The technology is IGZO, short for indium gallium zinc oxide, and it's a
semiconductor material developed to make liquid crystal displays. It appears to
be a major step forward from the more common silicon-based alternatives,
promising twice as much battery life, sharper images and a more than fivefold
increase in the sensitivity of touch screens for smartphones and tablets."

Here's how important IGZO is to Sharp, according to the Journal story: "'IGZO
will be the technology to rescue Sharp,' Takashi Okuda, the company's president,
told a news conference Nov. 1 [2012] as the electronics maker warned that its
financial situation was so tenuous it was worried about its future as a 'going
concern.'" But the rescue is not assured. From the Journal: Sharp is "on track
for a loss of nearly $9 billion [!] over the past two fiscal years, and its
interest-bearing debt dwarfs its cash on hand by a ratio of seven to one." The
story continues: "Ironically, the exclusive advances made by Sharp's IGZO
screens are limiting the company's reach. Major electronics manufacturers often
insist on at least two suppliers for every key component to ensure stable supply
and maintain pricing leverage."

As noted above in "iPhone 6 will be assembled in Apple's own factories," Apple
may have been heavily involved in 2012 in propping up Sharp's troubled finances.
Samsung recently took about a 3% equity stake in Sharp, and according to the
Journal is set to expand its purchase of Sharp IGZO displays, currently found on
Samsung products sold only in Japan. It's not clear that Samsung's stake is to
persuade or compel Sharp to "drop" Apple, given how desperately the display
maker needs more, not fewer, customers.

The Journal notes two other display makers are investing in IGZO, but don't seem
to have reached the level of Sharp: Innolux Corp., a unit of Taiwan's Hon Hai
Precision Industry Co. (parent of Foxconn, a main assembler for Apple products)
started producing IGZO displays in small quantities in February 2013; and AU
Optronics Corp., also based in Taiwan, has developed IGZO displays, "but it
hasn't said if or when it will start mass production."

So we know that Sharp is ramping up production of screens for the next iPhone.
And we know that it's not.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network
World.Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



