


HIGHLIGHT:Â Verizon sent the Apple fanbase into orgasmic spasms this week with
essentially a free iPhone6 offer. AT&T and Sprint followed suit rather promptly.
Here's how it works.


Verizon Wireless sent the Apple iPhone fanbase into a frenzy this week by
uttering a simple phrase: Free iPhone 6.

The phone isn't technically free, but with discounts and credits, the price can
essentially come down to zero. Archrival cellphone service providers AT&T and
Sprint quickly followed up with similar deals this week on Apple's newest
smartphone.

Caveats and details abound, but here's how the deals work:

[diams] Verizon: Customers can trade in a good working condition iPhone 4, 4s, 5
or 5c for a $200 gift card, or trade in an iPhone 5s for a $300 gift card, if
they sign a new two-year contract. Those gift cards can be used to buy anything
at Verizon, including the new iPhone 6. Depending on the model traded in, the
new phone could be free. A new iPhone 6 can run $199 to $499 depending on the
size and model. Customers must bring their iPhone to a Verizon Wireless store,
or they can complete an online request by Sept. 30 and mail in their old iPhones
to the company.

[diams] AT&T: Customers can trade in eligible iPhones in good and working
condition and purchase a new iPhone with a two-year agreement. AT&T is less
specific in advertisements about how much old phones are worth, but the company
says customers can get up to $300 in trade-in value.

[diams] Sprint: Customers can get a free 16GB iPhone 6 after they trade-in any
used iPhone model at Sprint stores in good working condition, and sign-up for a
two-year agreement. Trade-in credit can be used to buy the larger memory
versions of the iPhone 6 as well.

Cellular firms launch such deals occasionally, and particularly around the time
of highly anticipated new phone launches, because that's the time when customers
who are eligible for upgrades are considering switching carriers and are most
likely to do so.

rmullins@tampatrib.com

(813) 259-7919

Twitter: @DailyDeadline

