

Apple's got another bona fide hit on its hands with the iPhone 5, but that
hasn't stopped smartphone watchers from dreamingabout the iPhone 6.

LOOK BACK: The ugly, scary year in Apple iPhone and iPad thefts IPHONE 5: The
Complete Guide One French design firm, dubbed Nak, has conjured up an iPhone 6
design concept, with the most visibly different feature being a home button on
the side rather than on the screen (shown here). The idea, no doubt, would be to
free up even more space on the screen, which Apple expanded in the iPhone 5 to 4
inches from 3.5 inches in earlier models.

Smartphone blogs have begun surveying their subscribers about what they'd like
to see in the next iPhone. TechRadar.phones reports that readers would like to
see near-field communications support to enable more electronic payment
applications and a serious overhaul of iOS now that other smartphone OSs are
gaining steam. Some would like to see more cores in Apple's iPhone CPU,
currently the dual-core A6. As for the NFC support, reports have surfaced about
Apple working with an Australian company to add fingerprint recognition
technology to a future iPhone in order to bolster security and support NFC
transactions.

Others are hoping price pressure from other phone makers might result in less
expensive iPhones, or even upgradeable storage, going forward, but no one seems
to be holding their breath waiting for either of those developments. Still, the
fact that Apple appears to be readying an iPad Mini tablet does give hope to
those wishing Apple would address the budget-sensitive customer category.

At the iEverythingCafe forum on iPhone 6 wish lists, waterproof models, NFS
support and improved battery life are among the desires.

And if Apple gets really hard up for ideas for iPhone 6, it could always go up
against Starbucks, as this video suggests:



