

Here are 10 rumoured features of next-gen iPhone!

Friday, May 29, 2015: Even though the next iPhone is more than 4 months away,
still there are lot of rumours about it. Many bloggers, social media enthusiast
are posting about next generation iPhone. Today we have listed top 10 things
that you can expect to see in Apple's next generation flagship device.

1. Rose Gold Edition

Apple might ship new iPhone in new colors. Currently iPhone comes in Gold,
Silver and Space Grey colors. It is expected that new iPhone will come in
variants similar to Apple Watch.

2. Camera

We can finally expect to see a megapixel upgrade to iPhone's camera. Apple is
still using 8MP sensor in camera. The new iPhone is likely to sport 12 MP
sensor.

3. Microphone

A Japanese company has predicted that Apple will add all new microphone to
iPhone for better voice clarity. The latest versions of iPhones come with three
microphones for enhanced noise cancellation.

4. New Processor

Latest iPhone 6/6 plus sport A8 chip. The new iPhone will sport A9 processor
along with a 2GB RAM. This RAM upgrade will certainly make the phone much more
powerful.

5. New Material and Design

Apple will supposedly make important mechanical changes to new iPhone in order
to give extra strength to the body. Apple has made this decision after receiving
lot of media criticism for faulty design of iPhone 6 and 6 plus.

6. Sapphire Display

The new iPhone is expected to sport 13.97-cm (5.5-inch) sapphire glass display.
This will give new level of strength to the display of iPhone.

7. Gesture Control

iOS 7 and 8 already feature gesture control to limited extent. The new iOS
version will include more gesture based functionality.

8. Force Touch

Force touch technology is an intelligent algorithm that detects the difference
between a light tap and harder press. The new iPhone will be integrated with
this technology. It is already present in Apple watch and all new Macbook. This
will open doors to new features and options in iOS.

9. Touch ID

Touch ID is already present in latest variants of iPhone. The new iPhone will be
equipped with improved Touch ID to promote Apple Pay. Apple has high goal of
promoting it's mobile payment solution.

10. No Small Screen

Apple has made decisions of not producing any compact variant of iPhone anymore.
Apple will continue to develop 11.93-cm (4.7-inch) and 13.97-cm (5.5-inch)
screen size phones with same screen resolution.

