



Ellen Reeher of St. Paul hadn't intended to join the gigantic-smartphone
revolution.

But when her husband accidentally ordered her Apple's jumbo iPhone 6 Plus ,
instead of the smaller iPhone 6 she'd wanted, Reeher found herself having to
make adjustments -- like millions of others with the latest and biggest
smartphones.

It's been trying at times, Reeher said. Her iPhone 6 Plus often will not fit in
the back pocket of her jeans, so, "I have been known to stuff it into my
waistband."

Workouts are another issue. She used to clip her iPhone 5 to her waist while
running, but the iPhone 6 Plus is too big for that. She's now making do with an
old iPod Shuffle while running until she can figure how to incorporate the big
phone into her exercise routine.

But Reeher's bottom line with her iPhone 6 Plus?

"I love it," said the Cathedral Hill small-business owner, who has found herself
watching a lot of streaming videos -- including her treasured Japanese, Korean
and Taiwanese TV shows -- on the device.

Extra-large phones have been around for years. But the 5 1/2-inch iPhone 6 Plus,
released in August, has helped accelerate the trend towards ever-bigger
handsets.

Other such megaphones include the 6-inch Google Nexus 6 and Samsung's Galaxy
Note 4 and Note Edge , the latest in the Note lineage that helped pioneer the
big-phone trend. Obscure options include Chinese-brand smartphones like the 5
1/2-inch OnePlus One and the 6-inch Huawei Ascend Mate 2 , which some in this
country have embraced.

Sales of such large phones seem to be taking off. They accounted for about 10
percent of phone sales between August and October -- up from 2 percent during
the same period in 2013 -- according to market-research firm Kantar Worldpanel.

The iPhone 6 Plus captured about 41 percent of these 2014 "phablet" sales , said
Kantar, which focused its analysis on phones with screen sizes of 5 1/2 inches
or larger.

 TABLETS GATHERING DUST

Local business analyst David Pollitt said he used to switch between his phone
and iPad "when I wanted a better gaming experience or for reading longer news
articles."

But with his iPhone 6 Plus, "I find the difference so minimal now that I either
don't bring my iPad with me anywhere or don't use it."

Seth Long of Washington State, who had previously owned an iPhone 5 and a Google
Nexus 5, likewise said the iPhone 6 Plus is so great for complex gaming that his
iPad mini gets little use now.

He adds that his Apple smartphone is great for work tasks like Google Analytics
and MailChimp e-mail-list management along with the Google Docs word processor
and Google Sheets spreadsheet app.

Minneapolis digital-marketing specialist Judy Carter said her iPhone 6 Plus has
triggered big changes in her work habits, with more of these likely to come.

"I created a few websites with my work on them and I find myself showing more
people" this content with the Apple phone. "The mobile Web looks great on it!"

Carter added, "I am also going to start filming video more and learn how to edit
and create films for websites and reports. The purchasing of the phone triggered
this because the photos and videos I take are much better quality and are easier
to take on the bigger phone."

Seattle-based software developer Buzz Bruggeman said his Kindle e-book reader
gathers dust because his 6-inch Huawei Ascend Mate 2 is "like reading a
paperback book." He's abandoned plans to buy an iPad.

Reading has become a leading activity on larger phones, largely at the expense
of tablets, according to recent statistics from Pocket , a Minnesota-spawned
service that lets users save Web content for later.

The bigger the handset, the likelier a Pocket user will choose that device over
a tablet for reading or watching videos for those who own both kinds of gadgets,
the service found.

Those who own an iPhone 6 Plus along with an iPad will do 80 percent of their
reading or watching on the phone (a figure mirrored in the Android realm),
according to Pocket. This compares with 72 percent of iPhone 6 users and 55
percent of iPhone 5s users.

 STOWING, HOLDING IT

Once obtaining such a phone, though, users have to figure out where to stash it.
Women with big purses have it easy; Reeher slips her phone into an outer purse
pocket. Men, not so much.

"I have always carried a big bag around with me," Carter said. "If anything, the
big phone is easier to find."

Kristie Glenn, another iPhone 6 Plus user, says she keeps her phone tucked away
in her purse partly out of fear.

"It's huge and I'm scared that I'm going to drop it," said Glenn, owner of the
online Blue Labels Boutique .

Wellness instructor Noreen Braman of Jamesburg, N.J., said she uses "a leather
cross body wallet" to tote around her Galaxy Note 3 phablet "when I am going
'bagless' (such as hiking or biking) because it just doesn't go well in a
pocket."

Men also have to get a bit creative because phablets can make for uncomfortably
bulky bundles in their pants pockets.

"I keep my iPhone 6 Plus in the left bib pocket of my overalls," said Kevin King
, a nurse in Metuchen, N.J.

Sean Ludwig , a recent phablet convert, loves his iPhone 6 Plus but discovered
that, like others, he needed to make wardrobe adjustments.

"I've decided to start wearing jeans that aren't as fitted, because the phone
fits better in average-sized jeans pockets," said Ludwig, head of communications
for tech startup.

"Thankfully, we are in winter ... and I can keep my phone in my coat pockets
rather than my pants pockets most of the time," he said. "I'm not sure how well
it will work when I'm wearing shorts in the summer."

Ludwig added: "I also am holding the phone differently, in that I hold the phone
with two hands most of the time so I don't drop it. The device is highly
fragile, and I don't want to break it."

 THE PHYSICAL STRAIN

Using such a large phone can be a physical strain for some, too.

Even the relatively compact 5.1-inch Samsung Galaxy S5 used to give Pollitt, the
business analyst, hand cramps, so he said he "bought a grip strengthener to work
out my thumbs before I got my iPhone 6 Plus. I'm glad I did because it is a
beast and extending my thumb to the far side of the screen is a stretch."

Pollitt added, "Most of the time the big screen is awesome and I don't find it
to be a problem. When it can be a pain is when my newborn son is sleeping in one
of my arms and I simply can't use the phone one handed!"

For some, the bigger phone size is just too big.

"I traded in my broken iPhone 5s last week for a 6 Plus, which is kind of dumb
when you are a woman with shorter fingers," said Lisa Dubbels , president of
Minneapolis-based Catalyst Publicity & Promotion Group. "I'm probably going to
bring it back for a regular 6, because I can't do anything with one hand now."

On the bright side, "I can read text without my contacts now," said Dubbels,
"and joke with my husband that I have the Reader's Digest large-print-edition
iPhone."

Some have figured out the trick to physically manipulating an extra-big, often
awkward smartphone -- they don't (at least much of the time).

When Kevin Schoonover of Cottage Grove switched to a Windows Phone-based Nokia
Lumia 1520 handset, he also became a heavy user of Bluetooth headsets from the
likes of LG, Phiaton and Sony.

Likewise Paul Saarinen of Shoreview keeps his Note 3 tucked in his back pants
pocket while keeping it paired with an LG Tone, a necklace-like Bluetooth device
with earbuds for voice calls and other audio, and an LG smartwatch with the
Android Wear operating system for getting his phone notifications.

Some phone users, meantime, are pining for even-larger handsets that cross fully
into small-tablet territory -- but retain full cell-phone functionality, which
traditional tablets typically do not.

"I use a (Samsung Galaxy) Note 3 and would buy a 7-inch tablet as a phone if
they made one," said Howard Suissa , a principal at Alberta, Canada-based Suissa
Design.

"For the 10 minutes a week I actually use my phone as a held-to-the-ear device,"
said Suissa, "I would rather have a tablet with cell capability than a big-ass
phone."

