

With the official announcement and, today, release of iPhone 5S and 5C, the
iOSphere returns to its regular iPhone 6rumor nomenclature. But things would be
simpler if Apple simply used "iPhone 2014."

This week, there were rumors of new and bigger uses for those cool sapphire
glass covers; revelations about the Biggest Things fans really, really want in
the next iPhone (and you, too, will be underwhelmed by them); scifi rumoring
about solar charging that cross-our-heart-and-hope-to-die actually works; and
still more angst on the Great Apple Failure to support NFC-based mobile
payments.

You read it here second.

__________"If they don't put NFC in an iPhone soon, they risk being a technology
laggard."~ Mark Hung, analyst, Gartner (quoted in the Wall Street Journal's
Digits blog), despite the facts that 1) Hung earlier said there are less than
100,000 NFC readers being used in the U.S., and 2) there's no sign of an
imminent mobile payments tsunami that will leave laggardly Apple under
water.__________ iPhone 6 will have a sapphire touchscreen cover The advent of
the iPhone 5S home button with its "sapphire glass" cover, and a recently
announced Apple patent, have the iOSphere agog about a really big sapphire cover
- one covering the display of the, yes, 2014 iPhone, now generally called iPhone
6.

Sapphire glass is actually corundum, a crystalline form of aluminum oxide. Apple
first used the super tough, and super costly, transparent material for the
iPhone 5 lens cover. It now covers the 5S integrated home button with Touch ID
fingerprint scanner.

The juxtaposition and extrapolation of unrelated events was effortlessly
achieved by PhonesReview in a post announced that "use of sapphire [may be]
expanded further so that it features in the touch screen cover as well as the
home button."

The source of this revelation? A three-paragraph post, which PhonesReview
graciously calls a "report," at Taiwan-based DigiTimes.

Citing "Taiwan-based sapphire makers," DigiTimes claims that "Apple is expected
to extend the use of sapphire glass home keys" to its upcoming new iPads and
"for making touch screen covers for its new iPhone to be launched in 2014."

The technology basis for PhonesReview speculation is a recently published patent
application by Apple, originally filed in March 2013. Information on the patent
was reported by PatentlyApple in a post earlier this month.  Apple's patent is
for a technique of laminating sheets of sapphire to both side of the glass layer
users in mobile displays.

It would create a highly scratch-resistant surface and presumably make the glass
less subject to breaking or cracking.

Whether a technology just entering the patent process in 2013 will be ready in
2014 for the next iPhone is very much an open question. The Rollup is skeptical:
making the technology work is one thing; making it manufacturable, on a large
scale that's affordable and that also achieves quality goals, is another thing
entirely.

iPhone 6 needs to have four really Big Things Just in case Apple hasn't figured
out what its fan expect for iPhone 6, Tyler McCarthy at HGN.com, explains it to
Cupertino in a post headlined, "iPhone 6 Rumors: 4 Biggest Things Fans Expect
for Apple's Next Smartphone."  Fans expect a larger display, because of the
"growing trend of smartphones leaning toward bigger, phablet-sized, displays."

McCarthy reminds us of a Reuters story "a few weeks back" that said Apple was
testing a 5.7-inch phone display (they've been testing various sizes for years).
"[I]t's not surprising that Apple would try and look into the technology," he
says.

Fans expect water and dust resistance. "This one seems like a no-brainer,"
McCarthy says, perhaps optimistically. He seems to think that the Samsung's
Galaxy S4 Active, with its water- and dust-resistant features, "has provided
more rugged people with the option to keep a smartphone on them at all times."
Apple clearly needs to reach out to the under-served More Rugged People segment.

Fans also expect an Infrared Blaster on iPhone 6 to operate Apple TV, just like
the one in Galaxy S4. Keep in mind that this is No.3 on McCarthy's list of the
four "biggest" features that iPhone fans want.

Finally, fans want a 128GB iPhone model. This is all the more urgent, McCarthy
claims, because Apple introduced Touch ID in iPhone 5S. "With the Touch ID
fingerprint scanner, Apple is encouraging people to keep more information on
their smartphone now that it is supposedly safe," McCarthy explains. "With that
[new feature,] users would likely benefit from the extra storage space now that
they can think of it as secure."

Color us under-whelmed. Plenty of people still insist Apple must, simply must,
release an iPhone with a bigger-than-4-inch-screen, but "they" also insisted
Apple must, simply must release a really cheap iPhone. And look what we got.

iPhone 6 will have solar charging Although," Michael Nace, editor of
iPhone6NewsBlog, tells his readers that, apparently, it is.

"The first in what will most likely be a long line of rumors related to the
iPhone 6 claims that Apple will make good on several patents related to solar
recharging for the iPhone," announces Michael Nace, at his iPhone6NewsBlog.  And
then his next sentence says that, actually, "the notion of a solar charging
feature on an iPhone is nothing new." It joins the long line of rumored power
sources, including fuel cells and curved batteries. We're holding out for the
miniaturized fusion reactor.

Nace says there are "plenty of third-party options" if you want to recharge your
iPhone battery using solar radiation. There's one little problem, though. "None
of these products, however, are considered to be viable enough to foster
mainstream appeal, and for the most part, solar charging arrays for the iPhone
tend to be used more as emergency, last-ditch-effort features for giving just a
bit of juice to a dead iPhone," he says.

He claims there is a "new rumor" that "Apple will change the face of solar
charging for smartphones next year by implementing well-establish patents for an
iPhone 6 battery that will feature a solar charging panel that actually works."

He doesn't say where he heard or read that rumor and doesn't link to anything
about it. But that seems like a quibble when Apple is about to change the face
of solar charging. Talk about a new dawn.

iPhone 6 will not have NFC/mobile payments...unless it does Apple just isn't
interested in NFC, no matter what anyone says, according to Supratim Adhikari,
writing at BusinessSpectator, based in Australia.

His rather plaintive headline is: "Will Apple ever give NFC a chance?"  His
short answer: no.

"The lack of NFC capability on the latest iPhones will grate those who have been
pinning their hopes on making payments as simple as waving a phone in front of a
reader," he says. "For many the inclusion of the technology on the iPhone was
seen as the seminal moment needed to take NFC primetime, but Apple isn't
interested and it's hard to see it change its mind in a hurry."

How can this be? "Everyone knows" how important NFC is: it's convenient, it will
reduce fraud, and it's so cool: waving your phone around and buying concert
tickets, and beer, and flat panel TVs, and new video games. Apple owes it to the
industry, to us!

But NFC is hardly a done deal, as Greg Bensinger writing at the Wall Street
Journal's Digits blog makes clear.

He cites data from Gartner analyst Mark Hung that less than 100,000 NFC-enabled
readers are in use in the U.S. Compare that to traditional credit card and debit
card readers, which are like everywhere, including those red Salvation Army
donation kettles. Bensinger notes that Google's effort to create a digital
wallet linked to NFC chips in some Sprint phones is faltering, partly because
other carriers are creating their own NFC solution, a joint venture called Isis.
And it's already available in two - TWO! - U.S. cities. And then there's a drove
of startups scrambling to offer mobile apps and different payment options.

And then there's Apple, with its still pretty mysterious iBeacon technology
that's part of iOS 7. "Apple and eBay's PayPal are working on technology that
can detect a smartphone's presence in a store through Bluetooth and send coupons
or enable payments wirelessly," says Bensinger. "That's more flexible than NFC,
which works through frequencies transmitted from a phone that is in close
proximity to a reading device."

But some people just can't let it go. "Apple may ultimately regret its decision
not to include NFC in the iPhone 5, Gartner's Mark Hung said. 'If they don't put
NFC in an iPhone soon, they risk being a technology laggard,' he said."

Apple: the world-renowned technology laggard because it refuses to do what
everyone says it ought to do.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network
World.Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



