

In what was one of the most keenly anticipated tech events in recent years,
Apple chief executive Tim Cook yesterday unveiled a host of new devices and
technologies at the Flint Centre for the Performing Arts in Cupertino,
California, not far from Apple's headquarters. Even with a heavily rumoured
"surprise" performance from U2, debuting a track from their new album, it was
the new gadgets that provided most of the glamour and wowed the large crowd of
guests and technology journalists.

With two new iPhones and an entirely new wearable device, dubbed the Apple
Watch, as well as announcing a new in mobile payments, it was the company's most
significant such event since founder Steve Jobs unveiled the iPad in 2010, and
challenged the widespread perception that the company was unable to innovate
without Jobs, who died in October 2011.

The big announcement was the unveiling of the Apple Watch, which has been the
subject of rumours for more than two years but which had not seen publicly
before yesterday's event. It is the company's first new product category since
the iPad.

"Apple introduced the world to several category-defining products: the Mac,
iPod, iPhone and iPad," said Mr Cook. "It's the most personal product we've ever
made."

Coming in three editions - Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport and Apple Watch
Edition - and available in two sizes, 38mm and 42 mm, the device features a a
scratch-resistant sapphire screen and health and fitness monitoring sensors for
lifestyle tracking.

Fashion accessory With the different designs and numerous different straps, the
computer giant is marketing the watch as a fashion accessory as much as a
gadget, a fact reflected in the number of figures from fashion and entertainment
who attended the event, including singers Gwen Stefani and will.i.am and model
Lily Cole.

The new iPhones follow the industry trend of larger screen sizes, with the
iPhone 6 moving to a 4.7-inch screen, compared with the previous generation's
4-inch screen, and an even larger 5.5-inch model, the iPhone 6 Plus. The iPhone
6 Plus is a so-called "phablet", a device that sits between smartphones and
tablets in terms of screen real estate.

Despite the size appearing unwieldy, Samsung has had considerable success with
the Galaxy Note series of phablets. Both devices are even thinner than the
previous generation iPhone.

The devices will go on sale on Friday, September 19th, in the United States and
select other countries, and before the end of the year in  Ireland, with prices
beginning at $199 (EUR 154) for the iPhone 6 and $299 for the iPhone 6 Plus.
Supply of the iPhone Plus 6 is expected to be constrained at first.

The third major announcement was the launch of Apple Pay, a new service that the
company says "will transform mobile payments with an easy, secure and private
way to pay" by allowing users to pay by simply waving their iPhone or Apple
Watch at a payment terminal.

Apple Pay works with iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus through a NFC antenna design, a
chip called the Secure Element, and verification through the finger- recognition
Touch ID button. Apple is partnering with all the major credit card companies
and many major banks, as well as dozens or retailers and food chains such as
Bloomingdale's, Disney Store, Macy's, McDonald's and Subway. Apple Pay will be
US-only at launch.

The event followed the controversy over the theft of celebrities' private images
from the company's iCloud service, which backs up users' photographs and data to
servers, but executives were at pains to confirm that the new Apple Pay service
was even more secure than using credit cards.

The choice of venue was a pointed one - it was at the Flint Centre that Apple
founder Steve Jobs unveiled the first Macintosh computer in January 1984,
changing the shape of computing history in the process.

'Key day for Apple' The echoes of that event could be felt throughout
yesterday's keynote, with Mr Cook beginning the event by recalling that launch:
"It is great to be back in the Flint Centre . . . On this stage, Steve
introduced the Macintosh. Today, we have some amazing products to share with
you, and we think at the end of the day, you will think that this will be a key
day for Apple".

The unprecedented scale of the media presence, with the auditorium packed with
more than 2,000 journalists from around the world, reflected Apple's
determination to regain the perception that it is the most innovative and
influential technology firm in the world.

In recent years, South Korean giant Samsung has successfully eaten into sales of
Apple devices, while Google's various so-called "moonshot" projects, such as
self-driving cars and smartglasses, are in contrast to Apple's lack of entirely
new devices in recent years. Yesterday's launch event will go some way towards
establishing Apple as the technology's leading innovators.

