

Eager Londoners have started queuing outside the Apple Store on Regent Street as
the firm unveiled its first ever smartwatch and the latest iPhone.

Tents were erected last night as the tech giant held a highly-anticipated launch
event at its California headquarters.

The new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models won't be available until September 19,
but fans of the brand will stay camped out on the street to ensure they are the
first to get their hands on the latest gadgets. Apple's smartwatch isn't
expected to be available until next year.

The iPhone 6 Plus comes with a 5.5-inch screen, compared to the four-inch screen
of the current generation iPhone 5s, while the iPhone 6, which is also larger,
now coming with a 4.7-inch screen. Both devices also have what Apple call
"ion-strengthened glass" screens.

Confirming online rumours, CEO Tim Cook revealed the brand's first steps into
the smartwatch market with the Apple Watch, and although the company would not
go into more detail on a launch date beyond "early 2015" confirmed it will be
priced at about £300.

"I am so excited and I am so proud to share it with you this morning. It is the
next chapter in Apple's story," Mr Cook said.

"Apple Watch is most personal device we've ever created. It is worth the wait."

Mr Cook called the iPhone handsets "the biggest advancement in the history of
iPhone".

Apple iPhone 6 launch

The larger of the two new devices, the 6 Plus, also allows for apps such as
Messages and Mail to be displayed in landscape orientation for the first time.

The firm also unveiled a new processor chip, the A8, which will be used to power
new apps and games. Partnerships with game studios including Disney and EA were
also confirmed on stage by Apple's Phil Schiller.

The Cupertino-based firm had been expected to announce two new iPhones, with
speculation and alleged leaks appearing online over the last few weeks.

Both new iPhones will ship on September 19, with the iPhone 6 starting at £539,
and the 6 Plus at £619.

Apple also announced its plans to enter the payment market.

Mr Cook said: "Our vision is to replace the wallet and we're going to start with
payments."

He also called magnetic strips on credit cards "outdated and vulnerable" before
introducing Apple's take on the area.

"We love this kind of problem. This is what Apple does best. We've created a new
payment process and it's called Apple Pay," he added.

The new software uses the fingerprint scanner on your phone and native payment
apps to allow users to pay for products by touching their iPhone to payment
outlets.

It uses near-field communication (NFC) technology, used in existing contactless
payments, and the company's own Passbook app to secure your details.

The Find My iPhone app would be used to track and suspend your account if the
device is stolen.

Related stories

"We are not in the business of collecting your data", said Apple, confirming
that all Apple Pay transactions are not logged by the company.

Major retailers have already signed up to use Apple Pay in their stores,
including Toys R US and Staples.

Online, it is also possible to pay within some apps. For now, the technology is
just been introduced in the US.

The Apple Watch was described as a comprehensive health and fitness interface,
and the traditional watch crown, which Apple calls the Digital Crown, is used to
control the interface.

Mr Cook compared it to the innovation of the mouse on the Mac, and click wheel
on the iPod. The crown can be used to scroll through lists as well as zoom in on
images and maps.

A huge array of designs and straps were shown on-stage, before the audience rose
to give Mr Cook a standing ovation. "It's incredibly customisable", he said.

"The Apple Watch works directly with iPhone, but has its own native version of
iOS."

Rivals Samsung launched their first smartwatch last year, and currently have
several on the market. This is Apple's first piece of wearable technology and
also follows on from Google introducing their Glass headset, and Android Wear
smartwatches.

The Apple Watch has a flexible Retina display, and the screen can sense force
used when tapping it. Apple also confirmed that the device will come in two
sizes.

There are three collections of the Apple Watch - Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport
and Apple Watch Edition.

The new Apple Watch can be completely customised to suit the style of the user,
and also comes with Apple's voice assistant Siri. It will also work with Apple
Pay.

