

Apple Inc. violated the design patents of a Chinese device maker and may have to
halt sales of its latest iPhones in Beijing, the city's intellectual property
authority ruled, handing the U.S. company its latest setback in a pivotal
market.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus infringe on Shenzhen Baili's patent rights
because of similarities to its 100C phone, the Beijing Intellectual Property
Office wrote in its decision. Apple, whose iconic gadgets helped define the
modern smartphone industry, said it's appealing the ruling and is continuing to
sell various iPhone 6 models during the process.

"IPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus as well as iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone SE
models are all available

for sale today in China," Apple spokeswoman Kristin Huguet said in an emailed
statement. "We appealed an administrative order from a regional patent tribunal
in Beijing last month and as a result the order has been stayed pending review
by the Beijing IP Court."

While the decision covers only Beijing, future lawsuits against Apple could take
the case as a precedent, potentially influencing the outcomes of litigation
elsewhere in China. Baili is one of scores of smartphone brands trying to cash
in on the country's mobile boom. Xu Guoxiang, the inventor who holds the patent
and listed as a Baili representative on yellow-pages site czvv.com, did not
answer calls seeking comment.

Tim Long, an analyst at BMO Capital Markets in New York, said he doesn't think
the impact of the Chinese ruling is meaningful.

"We believe there have been several prior cases against U.S. companies ruled in
favour of local companies by lower courts that were later overturned by higher
courts," Long wrote in a note to clients. "We have seen dozens of court
decisions banning different smartphone products over the years in many different
countries. We are not aware of one ever that has resulted in an actual
injunction."

The ruling by the agency - which administers matters involving patents in
Beijing - is the latest in a series of setbacks for Apple in its largest market
after the U.S. Its book and movie services were blocked in April for violating
foreign publishing regulations. In 2013, state media accused the company of
shoddy customer service and inadequate warranties, prompting an apology from
chief executive officer Tim Cook.

Last month, it lost its fight to keep the "iPhone" exclusive to its products
after a Beijing court ruled that a little-known accessories maker can use the
label for a range of wallets and purses. And in 2012, Apple paid US$60 million
to Proview International Holdings Ltd. to settle a dispute over the right to the
iPad name in China. !@COPYRIGHT=Â© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

