

Apple is roping in top telcos Bharti Airtel and Vodafone India as partners,
pulling out all stops to make its iPhone 6s launch in India a blockbuster and
build on the record 1.7 million unit sales it posted in its last fiscal year in
the world's fastest growing market.

For the first time, the Cupertinobased smartphone giant has begun forging
partnerships with the telcos well in advance of the launch planned for October
16, compared to previous instances when operator plans have come out months
later. The tie-ups, as well the move to start selling in India much earlier that
it usually does after a global launch, underscores the growing importance of a
smartphone market which is set to overtake the US as the world's second largest
by 2017.

According to sources aware of the tieups, both telcos will offer Apple's new
devices on their retail counters and could offer deals such as EMI schemes and
possibly data bundling. The iconic smartphone maker is looking to rapidly add to
the 1.7 million units it sold in its financial year which ended September 2015,
according to Counterpoint Research data. This meant a sharp 55% jump from the
nearly 1.1 million devices it sold in its previous fiscal year. Apple didn't
comment on the data.

"Vodafone India will offer iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the most advanced
iPhones ever, beginning on October 16, 2015," a Vodafone India spokesperson said
and added that customers can pre-register iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus beginning
October 9 on the company's website.

After pre-registration, custom

ers would become eligible for buying the phones through an ecommerce partner or
at Vodafone's retail outlets, depending on the customer's choice, sources added.

Customers buying at retail outlets are likely to be offered data and voice
plans, which can be with or without monthly installments, a second person said.
Vodafone India, however, did not share details on iPhone plans for customers.

The telco had in January announced a tie-up in January this year, around two
months after the then Apple flagship iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were launched in
October 2014. It had introduced tariff plans based on installments for iPhone
4s, iPhone 5c, iPhone 5s and well as the then latest iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

Bharti Airtel, on its part, is working on a tie-up with Apple which would be
finalized shortly , a company official said.

The country's largest telco which is heavily advertising its 4G services in
India, "would want to offer the 4G (high-speed broadband services) on iPhone6s
and iPhone 6s Plus," the company official added, indicating 4G data schemes
could be offered as part of a bundling package.

"Apart from this we can also expect plans related to device upgrade at the end
of 12 months cycle, as now we have significant user base of Apple in India who
is willing to shift to new iPhones year after year," said Tarun Pathak, senior
analyst at Hong Kong based Counterpoint Research told ET.

Analysts say last year was by far the strongest performance of Apple in India
yet.

