

Apple has just begun selling iPhone 5, which it just announced, and yet
speculation mounts or possibly leaps, soars,explodes, skyrockets, mushrooms ...
well, you get the idea: Everybody is talking about The Date for iPhone 6.

They're also rumoring about the ovoidization of the home button and Apple's
Death of Innovation and the dismal prospects for the Next iPhone. Unless Apple
turns it around and does something insanely great. Sir Jonathan Ive: Are you
paying attention?

You read it here second.

CATCH UP: iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending Oct. 26 __________ "Apple
needs the WOW factor: In order to re-capture the imagination of Apple fans, it's
time for Apple to 'think different' from its past product release trends."
-- Ed Valdez, Technorati.com, advising Apple on how to reverse its slide into
mediocrity despite the fact it's selling more iPhones than ever before
__________ This argument, by Ed Valdez at Technorati, hinges on the fact that
Apple in October introduced what it called a fourth-generation full-size iPad
just eight months after releasing the third-generation iPad.

"The remarkable feat of reducing their iPad product lifecycle by 38% from an
average of 13 months to 8 months is a significant sign of things to come for
their flagship product: the iPhone," Valdez proclaims, predicting that Apple
will announce the next iPhone in next June, or nine months after the iPhone 5
was released.

He gives six reasons for this prediction. One is the by-now rather tired
argument that "Apple needs the WOW factor." "In order to re-capture the
imagination of Apple fans, it's time for Apple to 'think different' from its
past product release trends," Valdez says. In other words, stop improving the
software, the CPU, the resolution, the screen size, the connector dock, Wi-Fi
and cellular connectivity, adding more apps, and expanding online services for
mobile users and instead do something awesome and magical and insanely great!

Valdez seems to think Apple designs products for fans. It doesn't. It designs
products for people, who then become loyal users because the iPhone is the best
product for what they want to do. The two most successful iPhones in terms of
unit sales are the much maligned iPhone 4S and in all likelihood the
almost-as-maligned iPhone 5, maligned by "fans" because these offered only
"incremental" improvements. Those increments are directly related to the
adoption of iPhone by people who are former iPhone users and those who are new
users.

Valdez' other reasons for predicting a June 2013 iwowPhone are: + "Apple wants
to lead, not follow." To compete with Samsung, "Apple needs a catalyst to
jump-start its market share growth against its formidable foe."

+ The bulk of iPhone sales take place in the first three to four months after
its release, and sales slow markedly in the fourth quarter as users hold off in
anticipation of the next model. But the average product life cycle (PLC) of the
iPhone is 14 months, according to Valdez. This is a recipe for bad things.
"Thus, Apple needs shorter PLCs to continue to return value to its shareholders
and deliver new value to consumers because revenue, profit and earnings shrink
within two quarters after an iPhone announcement. No company wants lackluster
sales for the vast majority of a product life cycle."

+ Samsung competition, Part 2: "Apple is at war with Samsung. Let's face it," he
says. Death to the Koreans ... or something.

+ "Apple leads in operational excellence." We couldn't figure out what he was
talking about with this one.

+ The "Been There, Done That" factor. "The iPad 4 announcement tipped Apple's
hand by showing us what's possible: a shorter time to market (TTM)," Valdez
says. "The quick TTM for the iPad 4 will translate to a fast TTM for the next
iPhone." This essentially assumes what he claims to set out to prove.

None of these claims are very convincing. It's true that the bulk of iPhone
sales occur in the first three to five months of availability. But the
"longer-tail" sales through the remainder of the year (and for even longer as
the flagship model becomes a lower-priced offering once the new phone is
announced) are still significant. If Valdez is correct, why wait until June? Why
not announce a new iPhone every six months?

Given the fact that his entire argument hinges on the "accelerated" iPad
introduction, it's odd that Valdez does not analyze that development, nor
explain what benefits accrue to Apple, nor whether it actually represents a
shift in Apple's time to market strategy, nor why a shift in one product's time
to market would necessarily apply to a different product -- to the iPhone.

Or Sir Jonathan Ive as Apple's lead designer is more formally called. This rumor
is generated from the AppleInsider online forums, in a post from a regular
contributor, HyteProsector.

The starting point is the recently announced executive shakeup at Apple, with
Scott Forstall, the longtime senior VP of iOS software, ousted and his duties
split up among a trio of former colleagues. One of them is Ive, who has been in
charge of the iPhone's physical design and now also takes on responsibility for
the phone's overall "user interface."

HyteProsector writes that "Jony made the prototype that I'm about to explain
(Roughly 18-22 months ago) but it was shut down.

The prototype was for an iPhone with an ovular home button had capacitive touch
functions as well." HyteProsector thinks Ive now will, and should, resurrect the
idea, which essentially seems to be creating a larger-surfaced home button that
is itself a tiny touch-screen.

The pressing need for an elongated iPhone home button has been debated for
years, but not usually with a capacitive touch feature.

Current, HyteProsector says, "the top of the [iPhone's] screen is used for
navigation, a 'Back' button of sorts. Why not remove the 'Back' button and put
its functionality on the home button. No more 'Back' buttons and a cleaner UI.
Also ... wanna skip a track on your iPod and leave the device in your pocket?
Swipe the home button. Again, forward and back in Safari? Swipe."

He says he's been thinking about this for "over a year now." And he invites
other forum members to comment. At this writing, only one has taken him up on
it. Tallest Skil makes two pointed points: First, "Can you say 'accidental
touches'?" And second, "What happens when the person breaks the button? Because
people break their Home Buttons all the dang time. Then not only can they not
get to the Springboard, they can't even get back within their applications."

Stay tuned.

"iPhone 6 Might Suffer From Apple's 'Lack of Recent Innovation'" is the headline
for Craig Galbraith's post at ChannelPartnersOnline.com.Â  "Have sales of the
iconic iPhone finally reached a tipping point?" he asks. "A new survey indicates
that fewer Apple enthusiasts might not be as committed to buying the iPhone 6,
or whatever the 2013 version of the device will be called."

The survey is by the Strategy Analytics Wireless Device Lab, which released only
a bare-bones summary in a press release, which said that current iPhone owners
in Europe and America were somewhat less likely to buy their "next phone" from
Apple, compared to owners surveyed in 2011.

"The iPhone 5, which debuted in late September, launched with a larger screen
(four inches), LTE-compatibility and various other improvements -- but
apparently those updates aren't enough for some customers who see Apple's
competition continue to rise up and offer comparable -- or even better --
smartphones," is how Galbraith interprets the data.

But that's not quite how Strategy Analytics interprets the data. First of all,
the survey found that 75% of current iPhone owners are "likely" to buy a new
iPhone in the future, down from 88% last year; in the U.S., 88% are likely to
buy another iPhone, compared to 93% last year. Second, the survey doesn't
mention iPhone 6: It seems more likely to be current iPhone 3G, and 4, and 4S
users who are contemplating buying the iPhone 5. And without knowing the margin
of error in the survey, it's hard to evaluate just how big this shift is, or
what it means.

"There is no doubt that Apple is continuing its success in retaining existing
user base while attracting new customers," commented Paul Brown, director at
Strategy Analytics' User Experience Practice, as quoted in the release.
"However, negative press prompted by a perceived lack of recent innovation by
Apple has meant we are starting to see some growth in the number of previously
highly loyal consumers who are now reconsidering whether or not they will
purchase a new iPhone for their next device."

We think that's why companies have marketing budgets: to convince people to buy
their product, or buy it again.

The press release doesn't even explain if "negative press" and "perceived lack
of recent innovation" are the prime motivators for current owners willing to
consider buying a different phone, and were part of the survey, or just
represent Brown's considered opinion. And not knowing what the repeat purchase
rates are for, say, the Samsung Galaxy S smartphone users, makes it difficult to
evaluate whether Apple is in trouble or whether this fall-off is general among
other smartphone owners also.

Somehow, a claim of "perceived lack of recent innovation by Apple" becomes
"Apple's lack of innovation will turn iPhone 6 into a lousy product."

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network World.
Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



