

While Apple is preparing to announce its second quarter financial results for
the financial year 2013  today, Analysts predict the next iPhone- iPhone 5S will
be delayed and the iPhone 6 might not appear this year.

"We have previously written that iPhone 5S, despite an accelerated design phase,
was modestly delayed from June to July" Cnet
(http://news.cnet.com/8301-13579_3-57580661-37/citi-goes-sour-on-apple-claims-
iphone-5s-iphone-6-delay/) quotes Citi's Glen Yeung. The delayed iPhone 5S will
cause more worry for Apple stockholders, reports GSMArena
(http://www.gsmarena.com/analysts_apple_profits_to_fall_this_quarter_iphone
_5s_to_be_delayed-news-5899.php). Another Analyst Peter Misek
(http://pulse.alacra.com/analyst-comments/Peter_Misek-A14725) at  Jefferies &
Company last week said that the rumored iPhone 5S and low cost iPhone will
likely be delayed.

Since the year 2003 Apple has been predicted to do very well, but with the
launch of the iPhone 5 and its low-cost Android and Windows competitors its
seems that the story have started to change. Though iPhone 5 did well, Apple is
rumoured to be working on a low cost (alternatively you may say,
affordable/cheaper ) iPhone 5, which suggests the Cupertino giant is feeling the
heat of competition. (read here
(http://daily100.bhaskar.com/article/GAD-affordable-iphone-and-iphone
-5s-may-come-in-august-this-year-4195982-NOR.html))

It is being predicted that company's profit will fall for the first time in a
decade. Cirrus Logic predicted a downfall in the company's stocks Last week
Apple's stock
(http://www.wptv.com/dpp/news/national/apple-aapl-stock-update-apple-stock-drops
-below-390-thursday-lowest-level-since-december-2011) dropped below $390 which
was the lowest level since December 2011.

The situation is, Apple needs to announce new product which could make a good
mark and outsell others. With more than a dozen of companies standing against
the Mac leader, in all display sizes, colour options and low cost- Apple needs
to widen its product portfolio.

To catch the live audio streaming of the conference call, you can visit this
page (http://events.apple.com.edgesuite.net/13houbqwdvowuhb04/event/index.html)
today. You need QuickTime installed on your system to be able to listen to the
live streaming.

