


HIGHLIGHT:Â Apple Inc broke its silence on complaints about bending iPhones,
hours after withdrawing a glitch-ridden software update as the company struggles
to restore momentum to the rollout of its latest phones.


Apple Inc broke its silence on complaints about bending iPhones, hours after
withdrawing a glitch-ridden software update as the company struggles to restore
momentum to the rollout of its latest phones.

"With normal use, a bend in iPhone is extremely rare and through our first six
days of sale, a total of nine customers have contacted Apple with a bent iPhone
6 Plus," Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller said in an email.

Apple shares closed down nearly 4 percent at dollar 97.87 on Thursday, wiping
out nearly dollar 23 billion in market value.

The new phones face criticism over their bendability, dubbed "bendgate." Social
media and online forums have been abuzz with comments about how the new phones
can bend when placed in back pockets or while wearing skinny jeans. Apple said
its iPhones feature stainless steel and titanium inserts to reinforce
high-stress locations and use the strongest glass in the smartphone industry.
The only way an iPhone may have bent is if someone put it in their back pocket
and sat on the phone for a very long time, said Laban Roomes, chief executive
officer of Goldgenie, which customizes and gold plates iPhones. Apple was also
forced to withdraw a faulty update to its latest operating system after some
users of its new phones complained of call service disruptions. Apple released a
new software update late on Thursday to fix the problems, which it said affected
fewer than 40,000 devices. "I do believe this speaks to execution issues at
Apple," said JMP Securities analyst Alex Gauna. "At the end of the day I believe
this too shall pass, but we are noting with concern that the miscues pile up."
Apple said on Monday it had shipped 10 million units of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.
Users of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus also complained about the inability to use the
fingerprint-reading Touch ID after updating to iOS 8.0.1. Some users had
complained of "sluggish Wi-Fi and dwindling battery life" after moving to iOS 8,
Time magazine reported earlier this week. (http://ti.me/1pqlCPt) On Thursday,
Apple issued a step-by-step guide for users to reinstall iOS 8, launched last
week, through the latest version of iTunes. The health app will not work for now
and will be fixed in the next software update, the company said. Customers
might, however, hope for replacements for their bent iPhones, depending on
whether their devices passed an inspection, tech news website the Next Web
reported, quoting an Apple support executive. (http://tnw.co/1rlv7mW) "It's not
game over for Apple, but nor should we give them a pass on this," Gauna said.
(Reuters) For more visit www.businessworld.ie

