

The iPhone has landed. Or, rather, the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus handsets have
launched, packing bigger screens, better specs and a slimmer form than ever
before.

There has been much excitement over Apple's latest release, with phone fans
queueing for hours in Sheffield on release day.

But how does Apple's latest creation stack up against its biggest competitors?
Tech Talk investigates...

The smaller iPhone 6's main competitor is the Samsung Galaxy S5, though the
Google Nexus 4, Sony Xperia Z2 and HTC One M8 are all the flagship Android
phones of their respective brands.

Apple fans will point to the iPhone's slim, metal-clad form as a victory for
style. The rounded edges, 6.9mm thickness and super-light weight all add up to
the most stylish iPhone yet.

The S5, by comparison, packs a higher-resolution screen, a much better camera
and more raw power. But it's also made of plastic and uses the less smooth, less
reliable Android operating system, which has fewer apps.

There's no doubt Apple's iPhone 6 - with new features such as Apple Pay, which
lets you use the phone like a contactless credit card, and new iOS 8 operating
system - is the best iPhone yet. But S5 fans will argue Samsung's flagship has
better specs and a better screen, and the iPhone still doesn't match it.

In the plus-sized fight, iPhone 6 Plus is Apple's first foray into big-screen
mobiles. The Plus has the same cool stylings as the regular model, but with
better battery life and a larger and crisper screen - 5.5 inches against 4.7.

Samsung's Galaxy Note 4 uses metal for the first time, bringing it closer to
Apple's cool factor, though its stylings still don't match up. But under the
hood, the Note 4 has better specs, and an even crisper, better resolution screen
than the Plus. It also boasts a smart stylus which lets you make notes like
paper and pen on the go.

Of course, the 6 Plus has more apps, a better form and the Apple operating
system.

The four phones represent the pinnacle of Apple and Samsung's 2014 output.
Whether you want better specs and customising, or a better operating system and
a cooler look, each phone is sure to command its own legion of loyal fans.

*The key stats:

iPhone 6

Dimensions: 138cm long, 6.9mm thick

Screen: 4.7 inches 720p resolution, 326 pixels per inch, LCD

Camera: Back: 8 megapixel iSight camera; Front: 1.2MP

Power: 1GB RAM, Apple custom A8 64-bit chip

VS

Samsung Galaxy S5

Dimensions: 142mm long, 8.1 mm thick

Screen: 5.1 inches, 1080p, 432ppi, AMOLED

Camera: Back: 16MP; Front: 2MP

Power: 2GB RAM, 2.5GHZ processor

And

iPhone 6 Plus

Dimensions: 158mm long, 7.1mm thick

Screen: 5.5 inches, 1080p resolution, 401ppi, LCD

Camera: Back: 8MP iSight camera; Front: 1.2MP

Power: 1GB RAM, Apple custom A8 64-bit chip

VS

Samsung Galaxy Note 4:

Dimensions: 153mm long, 8.5mm thick

Screen: 5.7 inches, 2K resolution, 515ppi, AMOLED

Camera: Back: 16MP; Front: 3.7MP

Power:  3GB RAM, 2.7GHZ processor

