

In the month of April this year when Apple was looking for OLED Engineers, we
expected that the company is "planning to explore the possibility of flexible
screen displays". Recently with the Korean competitors launching their curved
screen (phone) products in the market, Apple seems to have come in open
challenging its competitors.

Apple looking for OLED Engineers, iPhone 6 might sport a flexible display?

Apple deciding to go big, iPhone 6 to have 4.8 inch display

Latest news from Apple points to bigger and curved screen display iPhones as
soon as 2014. According to a news report in the Bloomberg, a person familiar
with the Cupertino giant's plan, has said that two models have been "planned for
release in the second half of next year would feature larger displays with glass
that curves downward at the edges." The person declining to be identified
because the details aren't public, mentions the report.

The two phones will sport a display screen of 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches, and
will make the larges iPhones from Apple. This year's iPhone carries 4 inch
retina display. The handsets are still in development and plans haven't been
completed yet. The source indicated a launch towards the third quarter of next
year.

Though it is too early to comment on this, we can understand that the estimated
launch date will come to October 2014. That's almost the same time Apple took
the iPhone 5 line up further with a iPhone 5C and iPhone 5S. If we consider that
Apple will launch a new phone in the middle of the year (that could be the
iPhone 6) and goes for a product launch with hardware upgrades, we can see an
iPhone 6S that will sport a curved display.

Revealed: Samsung's plans for new products in 2014, 2015

Micromax Canvas octa-core phone will hit market in 2014

In early September this year we heard rumours about bigger Apple iPhones. As per
a news report in the Wall Street Journal, says Apple has "begun evaluating a
plan to offer iPhones with screens ranging from 4.8 inches to as high as 6
inches, people familiar with the matter say".

Apple testing iPhones with 6 and 4.8 inch display, what will Samsung do?

It is important to note the industry competition on flexible screen products.
Early in year 2013 LG and Samsung introduced curved screen TVs at the
International Consumer Electronics Show. Both planned to become the first, but
Samsung launched its curved TVs few hours earlier than LG. Later during the
middle of this year LG launched first flexible screen display for phone. By the
end of this year (October) when Apple launched the iPhone 5S Samsung announced
its Galaxy Round and LG announced G Flex.

World's first curved TV makes appearance, courtesy Samsung

CES 2013: LG reveals curved OLED TV with Paper Slim design

World's first curved screen TV readies for pre-order, will cost about 7 lakh

LG beats Samsung this time, brings flexible display for borderless phones

Who's more curvaceous? LG G Flex or Samsung Galaxy Round

Samsung announces world's first curved phone, Galaxy Round

LG answers Galaxy Round, announces G Flex as first 'real' curved smartphone

