

Blayne Slabbert offers some advice on how to choose between the two latest
iPhones.

--------------------

THE NEW PHONES iPhone 6 (4.7 inch)

16GB ($999), 64GB ($1149), 128GB ($1299)

iPhone 6 Plus (5.5 inch)

16GB ($1149), 64GB ($1299), 128GB ($1449)

Both phones come in silver, gold or space grey

The above prices are what you'll pay outright for the phones; all the NZ
networks offer contract deals

--------------------

IT'S the little things that can sometimes make the biggest difference,
especially when it comes to technology.

The new iPhones are no different. There are hundreds of incremental changes to
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, each making them a little bit easier to use than
earlier models.

It could be the fact that the screen is no longer affected by polarised sunglass
lenses or that apps now have cursor keys to making writing easier.

Or it may be how the rounded edges of the screen make swiping feel just right,
or the cool slow- motion effect available when shooting a video.

But the changes also make it tricky to decide not only whether you should
upgrade your current iPhone, but to which model.

Firstly, these phones are excellent. Critics have raved about them and they are
probably the best high-end phone available right now.

But that doesn't mean you should buy one. Here's some advice depending on what
type of user you are and what features you like.

Which model should I get?

It depends. I think the iPhone 6 is the best the company has made. Its 4.7-inch
screen is so much easier to read than previous 4-inch models and it's easy to
use with one hand.

If you are a first-time smartphone buyer, you will not be disappointed. If you
already own an iPhone, you'll love the iPhone 6. You'll forget about your
current small, chunky phone in a matter of minutes.

The iPhone Plus is for the power user. If you are a multimedia mavin and consume
a lot of movies and television and take plenty of photos and videos then this
could be for you. The 5.5-inch screen looks fantastic and its size means you can
easily read a digital magazine on it.

The other reason is if you do a lot of writing on your phone. The new landscape
view lets you work on multiple emails at once. No more saving one as draft
before opening another. It makes an ideal work tool and could mean you leave
your iPad at home.

Is it worth upgrading from my current iPhone?

If you have an iPhone 4 or 4S then, yes, it's time to upgrade. You will notice a
significant difference in speed and lightness and an improved camera. Also,
iOS8, the latest mobile operating system, will not work on an iPhone 4 and the
4S will struggle.

If you have an iPhone 5 or 5S then only fans should upgrade. Those models are
still great phones and will do nearly everything these phones can do.

What capacity should I get?

The safe option is to go for the 64GB model. It means you won't have to
micromanage your phone's storage and 64GB will give you plenty of room for
photos, music and some videos.

There is no need for a 128GB model unless you are a movie fan and plan to
download and watch lots of videos.

Also, with iCloud Drive, Apple's cloud storage option, you can get 200GB of
storage for $4.99 a month.

I'm an Android fan, should I switch to iPhones?

If you were ever considering making the switch, now is the time. If you held
back before there are no more excuses - you have a bigger screen and the
operating system has many of the features previously only available on Android,
such as being able to install different keyboards.

Would these suit an older user?

There are many phones to choose from but if you are committed to one of the new
iPhones then they do have a few features that may appeal, including the ability
to have a zoom view on the phone.

This increases the size of images and text in all apps. In addition, you can
also increase the size of the text to make it even more readable.

This is accentuated even more with the 6 Plus and means things like the keyboard
are quite big and easy to use.

What's the battery life like?

Better than previous models. Both phones should get you through a day and a bit
with the Plus having the bigger and longer-lasting battery of the two.

Is the camera any good?

Yes. It takes excellent photos with improved focusing the biggest difference.
Also, expect to see a flood of slow-motion videos soon as that function is a
great feature of the phone.

Are there any problems I should know about?

Several videos of people showing how easy it was to bend the iPhone Plus were
put on YouTube. Apple later said it had received only nine complaints about the
problems so I wouldn't worry about it.

The writer was loaned two iPhones to review by Apple.

Blayne Slabbert is the technology editor for Fairfax NZ. You can follow him on
Twitter@bslabbert or email blayne.slabbert@fairfaxmedia.co.nz

--------------------

CAPTION:

Take your pick: The iPhone 6, right, and its big brother, the Plus, went on sale
in New Zealand last week.

Picture: GETTY IMAGES

