

T he new iPhone 6 is rubbish. Nah, just kidding. It would be great if it was,
though. It would make my life more fun if I could spend the next 600 words
telling you what a great steaming turd Apple has created and how it makes me
feel physically sick just to look at it. But I'm afraid I'm going to be singing
from the same hymn sheet as everyone else: it's great. One of the nicest phones
ever made. Damn you Apple.

Below I'll be looking at both the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and the 5.5-inch 6 Plus.
I'll start with the smaller of the two.

IPHONE 6 First impressions: it's a beautifully designed phone - impossibly thin
at just 6.9mm, and a complete rethink from the straight edges of the iPhone 4
and 5. This one is all smooth curves, a little like the rear of the iPad Air.
Even the glass curves into the chassis, giving it a sensual, pebble-like feel.

It's quite a bit bigger than the iPhone 5, although when you hold it, it somehow
doesn't feel as hefty as it actually is - it manages to squeeze in a lot of
screen inches without feeling unwieldy. And what a screen it is. In terms of
pure resolution, it's not the highest out there, but you'd be hardpressed to
notice. It's crisper than ever, with the icons appearing to hover just above the
device (aided by the iOS display).

Layout-wise it's business as usual, except the lock button has shifted to the
side because your thumbs won't stretch all the way to the top.

What's that you say? You thought Apple would only make phones you can fully
control with one hand? Well, you're right, it did say that, and it pushed the
idea to its logical conclusion with the monolithic iPhone 5. And in that respect
there is an element of rolling with the punches with the iPhone 6. Apple's "our
way or the highway" philosophy has been eroded by commercial imperatives. The
market - that's you and I - demanded bigger. We went out and bought Samsung
Galaxy S4s and 5s, and HTC Ones, and one or two even bought Nokia Lumias. So
here we are with a 4.7 inch iPhone.

A neat trick to overcome that onehanded problem is a new feature that allows you
to double tap the home button to make the screen drop down within reach - you're
left with a rather inelegant black space at the top but it fixes a niggling
issue.

As far as the innards go, the new A8 chip seems like the business - scrolling is
fluid and heavy-duty apps run flawlessly. It'll be interesting to see how far
developers can push the hardware over the coming months.

Another improvement is the camera, which features an overhauled sensor, lens and
aperture, giving you more vivid colours and less noise in low light. Autofocus
is faster and there's also a 240fps slow-motion feature - twice as slow as on
the last iPhone. In real terms, the pictures I took are marginally better,
although more adept photographers may notice more pronounced results.

And then, of course, there is the battery life. Will it really last a whole day?
Well... just about. If you're a heavy internet user you might struggle but Apple
reckons it's good for 11 hours of wi-fi usage, which should see most people
through to a nightly re-charge.

IPHONE 6 PLUS So, on to the iPhone 6 Plus, which, with a 5.5 inch screen, is
gigantic - even bigger even than the 5.3 inch Galaxy Note, the device to which
it surely owes its existence. It's every bit as handsome as the regular iPhone 6
- a shade thicker at 7.1mm, with a slightly higher screen resolution that my
eyes aren't sharp enough to pick up on - and while the extra weight is
noticeable, it's certainly not clunky.

I reviewed the iPad Mini when it launched and struggled to work out quite when I
would use it: it doesn't fit into a regular jacket pocket, so if I want to take
it out, I need to carry a bag, in which case I may as well go for the regular
iPad. The iPhone 6 Plus is the device I wanted the iPad Mini to be - even when
carried in your trouser pocket you won't notice it most of the time (I've been
doing it all week and haven't seen any sign of bending or warping, by the way).

If you're a heavy mobile video consumer then the Plus just makes sense - the
massive, razor sharp Retina display plays HD movies brilliantly, and the
experience is a million miles from watching films on the previous generation of
iPhones. With both devices offering up to 128GB of storage, using your iPhone as
a portable video library is now a viable option.

The only extra hardware packed into the Plus relates to the camera: digital
image stabilisation, which means slightly better quality pictures, especially in
low light.

CONCLUSION Apple has released two great phones, both of which represent a
sea-change in terms of design, especially with those massive screens. Apart from
that it's business as usual: faster and thinner with more bells and whistles -
they will keep all but the most ardent Apple-haters happy.

EE is offering a £41/month deal with £100 to pay upfront, including 2GB of data.
Log on to www.shop.ee.co.uk TOPiPHONETWEETS Stephen Fry @stephenfry Just adore
apple-haters. Imagine if people talked about Mercs or BMWs with such spewing
bile! Funny old world.

Apparently legal not to buy 1 Lydia Burrell @LydiaBurrell they call it 6 Plus
but it''s 5.5 inches? sounds like my ex boyfriend COPYRIGHT 2014 LYDIA BURRELL
Max Silvestri @maxsilvestri I bet nobody breaks their iPhones reaching out the
window to use Apple Pay at the McDonald''s drive-thru. Yeah, definitely nobody.

Olivia Wilde, actress @oliviawilde Great, Apple announced more products for me
to become entirely emotionally dependent on.

Tim Cook, Apple CEO @tim_cook I''m backstage and this is my first tweet from my
iPhone 6. It''s amazing. You''re going to love it.

