
DATELINE:  SAN FRANCISCO


There's nothing a new iPhone can't fix. At least that's been true in the past
for Apple Inc., which has for years used its marquee product to smash sales
records, renew consumer excitement and reinforce its place as the most valuable
company in the world.

But after Apple sales slumped this year for the first time in 13 years, analysts
and industry experts are questioning whether the iPhone 7 -- which Apple is
expected to announce Wednesday in San Francisco -- will stimulate growth like
its predecessors.

"The big question for the industry is whether this upgrade cycle will offer
enough features and functionality to get consumers to go to the next version of
the iPhone," said Daniel Ives, senior vice president of corporate development at
mobile tech firm Synchronoss Technologies. "Consumers used to upgrade their
smartphones every 2.5 years, but now we're seeing an elongated upgrade cycle."

Analysts predict that the new iPhone line won't be revolutionary -- its sizes,
shapes and design are expected to closely resemble the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus. But customers can look forward to an improved "home" button and a dual
lens camera, which would give the iPhone camera better low-light capabilities
and improved depth of field.

"They're going to be attacking the highest end of the photography market," said
Horace Dediu, an analyst and fellow at the Clayton Christensen Institute think
tank. "Apple more or less vanquished point-and-shoot cameras with the iPhone 5,
so now we're moving into higher performance."

Another change that has kept the rumor mill churning is the predicted
disappearance of the 3.5-millimeter earphone jack. Industry insiders surmise
that Apple will replace its standard earphones with ones that plug into the
company's proprietary lightning port, which doubles as a charging outlet. Or
they may forgo the cord completely -- a shift that could nudge the entire
industry toward Bluetooth earphones.

Such a transition could be good news for Beats, the headphone company Apple
acquired in 2014 for $3 billion, because it's well-positioned to sell headphones
compatible with Apple's technology.

"There are companies now making wireless in-ear earbuds that have biometric
sensors in them, so it could lead to a big leap in functionality," said Dan
Ward, co-founder of mobile app development firm Detroit Labs. "Apple has focused
a lot on health and wellness, so it might open up an entirely new product
opportunity."

The loss of the jack could also shave millimeters off future phones, leading to
slimmer, lighter products.

The change is likely to upset some customers, though, who have already shelled
out for wired headphones from third-party vendors such as Bose and Sennheiser
that promise improved sound quality. If the predictions are right, they'll need
to switch models or use an adapter.

In a survey that customer-acquisition firm Fluent conducted in late August with
a sample of 1,735 adults, 64% said the loss of the headphone jack was a drawback
rather than an improvement because they already own non-Apple headphones that
use the jack.

"It bums me out," said Russ Frushtick, 32, a New York video producer.

Though he has used iPhones since the iPhone 3, Frushtick has eschewed Apple
headsets for a pair of wired earphones from Bose. "The headphones that come
packed in with iPhones are designed to be nice enough and good enough for people
who don't really care about sound quality," he said.

If the iPhone 7 rumors are true, Frushtick would have to use an adapter with his
current pair, or he'd have to invest in a wireless pair, which doesn't interest
him.

"I already have a full slate of devices I have to charge every evening," he
said. "I don't want to add headphones to that list."

Others have also expressed disappointment at the rumored news, which could mark
the end of users conveniently using the same pair of earphones between their
laptops, iPhones and other audio devices.

Still, though backlash is inevitable whenever companies announce change, Ives
said Apple hasn't yet taken a wrong step with iPhone.

The decline in phone sales has less to do with lack of consumer confidence, and
more to do with market maturity, said Ives, who notes that the smartphone market
in the U.S. has become saturated. Many customers aren't upgrading because
they're happy with their older phone models, which, although good from a
customer-satisfaction standpoint, doesn't bode well for Apple's bottom line.

The iPhone accounted for 64.9% of Apple's revenue in its fiscal second quarter
this year and 56.7% in its third quarter. During its third quarter last year,
iPhones accounted for 63% of the company's revenue.

Apple released a lower-cost, 4-inch iPhone this year called the iPhone SE in a
bid to win market share in developing countries, the results of which are yet to
be seen. But in markets such as the U.S. and Europe, the premium line of iPhones
such as the iPhone 6 and, soon, the iPhone 7, remains the company's cash cow.

As the smartphone market matures, Apple must persuade existing customers to fork
out the money for an upgrade or to make the switch from Android devices, which
is no small feat, considering that Android phone makers such as Samsung have in
recent years offered premium products such as the Samsung Galaxy S to compete
with the iPhone. (Samsung now faces its own challenges after issuing a recall of
its flagship phone amid reports of the phone's battery catching fire during
charging.)

With strong competition from Samsung, a crowded smartphone market and customers
increasingly pleased with the gadgets they already own, investors are
understandably nervous about Apple's growth prospects. The company's stock took
a 5.4% hit in January after it first reported revenue growth slowing and iPhone
sales stagnating.

Still, many are banking on the iPhone 7 reinvigorating the market.

"If you look at Apple's track record, the bets they've made have usually paid
off," Ives said. "There's careful innovation and development behind everything
they do, and that's why they are who they are."

--

tracey.lien@latimes.com

Twitter: @traceylien

