

NEW images apparently leaked by an Apple tester appear to show a near-final
iPhone 6, complete in its retail packaging.

While leaks preceding an Apple launch are nothing new, the iPhone 6 reports
including that the phone will be revealed on September 9 and released on
September 19 have been incredible in their frequency and detail.

While the scuttlebutt was briefly that Apple's new phone would be covered
entirely in glass, another rumour had it that the iPhone 6 would feature an
aluminium and glass look.

While the quality of these images makes a proper size a little tricky to deduce,
the screen size relative to the unit's thickness and home button would seem to
confirm the ever-present rumours of the iPhone 6 approaching or exceeding 5
inches.

The rumours, first published in March, have it that Apple will release two
versions of the new phone, one with a screen of 4.7 inches and one of 5.5
inches. The current iPhone 5S has a 4-inch screen.

Possibly facilitated by the overall larger dimensions, the iPhone 6 has been
rumoured to be thinner than previous models, while still improving on battery
performance.

A report from Apple Insider suggests the smaller iPhone 6 will move a 15 per
cent bump up in battery capacity over the iPhone 5S, while the larger 5.5-inch
model will receive a 60 per cent bump.

The battery for the larger phone would still be smaller than that of the Samsung
Galaxy S5 though, in an attempt to keep the iPhone 6 as slim as possible.

Tech Radar cautions that, as the source of the images is not previously known to

the publication, it is "not saying with 100 per cent confidence" that the photos
are authentic.

However, after putting them through testing to detect possible digital
manipulation, it has "no reason" to believe they are fake.

One point of note which works against the veracity of the images is the seeming
lack of iOS 8.

The new mobile operating system is set to launch alongside the new phones, yet
the home screen shown on the retail packaging appears very similar if not
identical to that of iOS 7, and announced apps such as HomeKit and HealthKit are
absent.

Regardless of which rumours and reports turn out to be accurate, the one thing
that appears to be certain is that this won't be the last iPhone 6 leak we see
ahead of the expected September launch.

