

Expectations are sky-high for Apple's fall product unveiling on Tuesday, and
some investors are experiencing vertigo.

Apple stock hit a record high of 103.74 on Tuesday, up 38% since the company
reported its fiscal second-quarter results on April 23.

But Apple shares swooned over 4% Wednesday after Pacific Crest Securities
recommended investors take profits in the stock ahead of next week's event. And
the stock fell 0.8% on Thursday, to 98.12.

Apple hasn't had a hardware launch event since last October when it revealed its
fifth-generation tablet, the iPad Air, and a second-generation iPad Mini.

A month earlier, Apple debuted its  iPhone 5 S and 5 C handsets.

Other than discussing upcoming software at the company's Worldwide Developers
Conference in June, Apple has been quiet about new products.

At a media event Tuesday in Apple's hometown of Cupertino, Calif., the company
is expected to take the wraps off its eighth-generation smartphone, the iPhone
6. Based on information that's leaked out of the company's supply chain, Apple
is seen unveiling two bigger-screen models, with displays of 4.7 inches and 5.5
inches.

The current iPhone 5 series has a 4-inch screen.

Apple also is expected to tout a smartwatch-fitness band that some have dubbed
the iWatch or iBand. Plus, Apple is forecast to unveil a mobile e-payment
service that will let people make purchases with their iPhones in retail stores.

Because no prototypes have made their way onto tech news blogs, analysts are
skeptical that Apple's wearable device will be available for purchase soon.

It might even slip into next year.

When Will Products Ship?

Apple usually doesn't announce products until they are ready to ship, but it
sometimes provides early previews of new product lines such as the original
iPhone, Apple TV set-top box and the redesigned Mac Pro desktop computer.

The pressure is on Apple CEO Tim Cook, who last fall promised the company would
enter new product categories in 2014.

Apple's purchase of Beats Electronics, completed Aug. 1, got the company into
the premium over-the-ear headphone market and subscription streaming music
service.

But Apple hasn't launched any new categories developed internally on Cook's
watch.

The expectations for the iPhone 6, iWatch and iWallet e-payment service are
largely why Apple's stock has risen sharply since April.

S&P Capital IQ analyst Scott Kessler, who rates Apple stock as hold, told IBD:
"We think a lot of the positives are priced into the shares right now. If you
look at the performance of the stock year to date, it is indicative of something
more than the company has delivered thus far. Clearly there's a fair amount of
anticipation associated with Tuesday's event and what's going to come from
that."

While much is known about the iPhone 6, a lot of questions abound regarding
Apple's wearable device and mobile payment service, he says.

The 4.7-inch version of Apple's  iPhone 6 is likely to be available on Sept. 19.
Analysts say the 5.5-inch model has faced production issues and will ship weeks
or maybe a month later.

Susquehanna Financial Group analyst Chris Caso said in a research note Thursday
that Apple's contract manufacturers in Asia have produced about 5 million iPhone
6 units, including about 500,000 units of the 5.5-inch version of the phone.

He sees production accelerating in late September. Caso rates Apple stock as
positive.

"Our estimates assume a total of 65 million-70 million iPhone 6 units for
second-half 2014, and we feel comfortable with those estimates following our
checks," Caso said. "With regard to iWatch, we believe some suppliers have
already begun to supply components for this device, in low volumes. We feel
comfortable with our estimates that assume 10 million units in second-half 2014,
with the device in consumers' hands before Thanksgiving."

Big Draw

Wall Street expects strong demand for the iPhone 6 mainly because of its larger
screen. The 5.5-inch version is Apple's first phone-tablet, or phablet, a market
that to date has been dominated by Samsung's Galaxy Note series.

"IPhone 6 data points appear solid, and we expect demand to prove robust,"
Nomura analyst Stuart Jeffrey said in a note Tuesday. "Gross margins seem
unlikely to disappoint in the way the iPhone 5 did, while a staggered launch of
the 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch iPhone 6 may sustain growth into the March quarter."

Jeffrey rates Apple as neutral, with a price target of 104.

Another question about the media event Tuesday is whether Cook or another
executive will address the embarrassing iCloud security breach that surfaced
this week.

Hackers broke into the iCloud data storage accounts of about 100 female
celebrities, downloaded intimate photos and posted them on public Web message
boards.

The timing of the scandal is unfortunate because getting people to trust Apple's
new financial platform will be tougher after the public relations mess from the
iCloud breach, S&P's Kessler says.

