

NEW DELHI: While Samsung is in the news for its Galaxy Note III, Apple is also
reportedly working on an iPhone phablet. The Wall Street Journal citing sources
has reported that the company is testing iPhones of various sizes, with screen
sizes ranging from 4.8-inch to 6-inch.

The WSJ report says that Apple has shown keen interest in the iPhone prototype
having 4.8-inch screen. Previous reports have suggested that Apple is testing a
model called iPhone Math that has a 4.8-inch display.

However, the iPhone models expected to be launched at the company's forthcoming
September 10 event are not expected to have such big screens. It is expected
that the two models - namely iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C - will have 4-inch
displays, same as the iPhone 5 that was launched last year.

Several companies are currently working on 6-inch phones, including HTC and
Nokia. Samsung already has phones with screens measuring 5.7-inch, 5.8-inch and
6.3-inch in its portfolio. Sony has the biggest smartphone in the world in its
line-up, the Xperia Z Ultra with a 6.4-inch screen. Other major manufacturers
like ZTE and Huawei also have models with screen size around 6-inch in their
line-up.

The WSJ report says, "It is unclear whether Apple will ultimately choose to
follow a multi-size, multi-device strategy beyond shipping a new lower-cost
model for the first time later this month. The company often tests different
devices and configurations before choosing a course."

Steve Jobs had maintained that 3.5-inch is the best screen size for a phone, the
company went against the trend last year with a 4-inch iPhone. Similarly, the
Apple founder had been against a smaller iPad, even though Samsung tasted
success with its 7-inch tablets. The company unveiled a smaller iPad last year
under current CEO Tim Cook. Under Jobs, Apple followed a multi-size approach
only for iPod line-up.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

