

THERE was a time in consumer technology when companies were falling over
themselves to shrink their products. The bulky, brick-like mobile phones of the
early 1980s slowly morphed into hardy plastic handhelds, before transforming
into lightweight flip phones and sleek metal-and-glass smartphones. Components
were slimmer, the technology and software more sophisticated than ever before.

Then, in 2011, Samsung released what would come to be the first "phablet" - a
portmanteau of phone and tablet - the Galaxy Note, measuring 5.3in diagonally.
An instant success, the Note range has sold more than 50m units, and kickstarted
our obsession with larger phones.

In 2012, Apple was still making iPhones measuring 3.5in. By 2013, this had crept
up to 4in, and by 2014, to 4.7in and 5.5in for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
respectively. These new phones, Apple claimed, were "bigger than bigger", and
they sold by the shedload.

That's starting to change. On Monday, the world's most valuable company unveiled
its new iPhone. But instead of an ever-larger, ever-thinner iPhone 7, it is a
return to the 4in screens and a new name, the iPhone SE. This Â£359 handset
combines the smaller size of the past with newer features including a faster A9
processor, improved 12MP camera and near-field communication (NFC) chip to
facilitate payments through the contactless Apple Pay system.

These features are new but not brand new: they all exist in the iPhones
currently on sale. Major renovations - such as removing the physical home button
or headphone jack - may be saved for the iPhone 7, which isn't due for release
for another six months. So why should we care? The iPhone SE has been designed
with two very different customers in mind. The first is the current 4in iPhone
owner who is looking to upgrade, but doesn't want an enormous replacement.

The second, and perhaps the most important, customer is living in India or
China. The SE is far less expensive than the 6 and 6s models. Apple will
probably slash the price of the 5s by around 50pc, according to KGI Securities
analyst Ming-Chi Kuo.

Apple announced in January that iPhone sales in India rose 76pc yearon-year, and
the company plans to open its first retail stores there soon. China is Apple's
second largest market by revenue behind the US.

Yet lowering prices is not necessarily the answer to selling more iPhones. Apple
learned this with the dual launch of the iPhone 5c and 5s, which had a price
disparity of $100. Customers were willing to pay for the more expensive phone
more attractive features - the premium aluminium design and Touch ID fingerprint
scanner, over the polycarbonate 5c.

The new handset with the performance and benefits of the iPhone 6s will
introduce more customers to the Apple software ecosystem of Apple Pay, Apple
Music, iTunes and eventually its answer to Netflix. The iPhone 5s will likely
become the entry-level model, as the SE racks up respectable sales from emerging
markets, and the hardcore faithful wait for the 7 in September.

'iPhone sales in India have risen 76pc year-on-year and Apple plans to open its
first retail stores there soon'

