

SAMSUNG Electronics in Saudi Arabia has responded based on popular demand and is
pleased to announce that the Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge, the most
innovative devices that were unveiled last Feb. 21 in Barcelona will be
available for pre-booking orders in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia through various
Samsung partners.

Starting from Monday (March 7), the long awaited smartphones can be pre-ordered
by visiting Samsung respected partners across Saudi Arabia or by easily visiting
Samsung's website www.samsung.com for full details and online booking depending
on the selected outlet by the consumer.

Consumers who will complete their purchases through the pre-booking process will
receive a free Samsung Gear VR and a 64GB SD Card, to enjoy their newly
purchased S7 or S7 edge even further through Samsung's innovative ecosystem.

KeeWon Park, general manager of Samsung Electronics Saudi Arabia, said: "Due to
the popular demand and much anticipation among Saudi consumers on the innovation
of our Galaxy S7 series, we are delighted to bring pre-order offering to our
thrilled community to allow them to become one of the first in the kingdom to
own these extraordinary devices."

"We aim to shorten the time needed for our valued customers to attain the new
devices. We are always keen on bringing Samsung's latest innovations to the
Saudi market in a timely manner. The Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge will be in the
hands of their future owners throughout the month of March," Park noted.

The Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge are both known for their next level imaging,
next level performance and next level protection. These two phones introduce the
first Dual Pixel camera on a smartphone, delivering brighter and sharper images,
even in low light. They have significant hardware and software updates to
optimize overall performance, including incredible gaming capabilities. The
powerful processer and bigger battery capacity ensure longer playing time, the
internal cooling system keeps the device from overheating and the IP68
certification insures that they are significantly resistant towards water and
dust.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/511/1526/15/145735370171.jpg

Galaxy S7 edge and gold Gear

