

South Korean electronics gianttoday launched its latest flagship smartphones --
Galaxy S7 and S7 edge -- in India. The launch comes within a month of their
global launch at MWC 2016 in Barcelona. As speculated, Samsung will sell the
Exynos 8890 chipset variant in the country and not the other one with Qualcomm
Snapdragon 820 SoC.

The new S7 and S7 edge will cost Rs 48,900 and Rs 56,900 respectively. Both will
be available starting March 18.READ ALSO:Samsung is continuing with its familiar
'glass and metal' design in both the new flagships, which was first introduced
in the older S6 series. The company claims that its new smartphones offer
superior performance and are IP68 waterproof.Both Galaxy S7 and S7 edge
smartphones sport similar hardware. While the Galaxy S7 offers a 5.1-inch
display, weigh 152 gram and is powered by a 3,000mAh battery, on the other hand,
the bigger S7 edge sports a 5.5-inch display, 3,600mAh battery and weighs 5 gram
more. The two new high-end smartphones have a Quad HD Super AMOLED display with
a resolution of 2560 x 1440 pixels.READ ALSO:In terms of software, the major
difference between S7 and S7 edge is in the new improved App Edge display on the
right side. Both run the latest version of Google's Android operating system,
Marshmallow.Samsung has finally brought back the microSD card slot. They now
support up to 200GB microSD cards.Other specs of the new Galaxy smartphone
include Exynos 8890 64-bit octa-core (2.3GHz quad-core + 1.6GHz quad-core)
processor with with 4GB LPDDR4 RAM, 12MP dual pixel f/1.7rear camera with smart
OIS, 5MP selfie shooter, 4G support (LTE Cat 9), Fast Charging along with other
regular connectivity options. Samsung has incorporated liquid cooling technology
to counter heating issues in these phones.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

