

Samsung Electronics took the wraps off the seventh generation of its flagship
Galaxy smartphone in Barcelona on Sunday, a day before the opening of the Mobile
World Congress trade show.

The firm, which is the world's largest smartphone marker by sales, also unveiled
the next generation of the Galaxy's variant model with curved displays.

Koh Dong-jin, president of Samsung Electronics' mobile communications business,
and Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg shake hands at Samsung's launch event for the
Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge in Barcelona on Sunday. (Samsung Electronics)

At first glance, the 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and the 5.5-inch S7 Edge appear similar
to the preceding S6 and S6 Edge models, but Samsung has integrated refined
features into the new mobile devices, which cater to avid mobile gamers, virtual
reality enthusiasts, and selfie lovers.

At the launch event on Sunday, the new smartphones were impressive enough to
elicit an enthusiastic response from the some 5,000 spectators who also got to
try out Samsung's virtual reality headset Gear VR.

Notable features of the smartphones include an expandable memory slot that
supports cards up to 200GB, the industry's highest level of dust and water
resistance -- they can be submerged under 15 meters of water for up to 30
minutes -- and an always-on display that notifies users of battery status and
schedules when the display is turned off.

Some critics had pointed out that the lack of expandable memory and dust and
water resistance in the S6 and S6 Edge had disappointed some Samsung fans.

The new smartphones boast several world-first features including a Dual Pixel
camera, which delivers brighter and sharper images in low light, according to
Samsung.

The S7 and S7 Edge, equipped with Qualcomm's Snapdragon 820 mobile processor,
support Vulkan API technology, which improves graphics to offer a PC-quality
gaming experience. This is a first in the mobile sector.

The improved mobile graphics indicate that high-quality VR content will soon be
available with the smartphones.

The new mobile gadgets' hardware and software updates, bigger battery capacity,
and an internal cooling system, will provide an optimal mobile gaming experience
for users, the company said.

Koh Dong-jin, president of Samsung Electronics' mobile communications business,
introduces the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge at the firm's launch event in
Barcelona on Sunday. (Samsung Electronics)

"We believe in a world that is brighter, sharper, more convenient, and more fun.
We strive to deliver on that vision with the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge by
marrying elegant design with functionality and providing a seamless mobile
experience," said Koh Dong-jin, president of Samsung's mobile communications
business, adding that the tech firm would push the boundaries of the mobile
experience into the VR sector.

Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg made an unannounced appearance at the event to
endorse Samsung and talk about progress in the emerging VR tech. The U.S. social
network firm has maintained a partnership with Samsung in VR since 2014,

"Pretty soon we're going to live in a world where everyone has the power to
share and experience whole scenes as if you're just there, right there in
person," said the Facebook CEO, adding that "VR is the next platform where
anyone can create and experience anything they want."

The social network firm and its Korean partner vowed to work together to bring
new VR technology to the market.

Kwon Sung-ryul, an analyst from Dongbu Investment and Securities, anticipated
that Samsung would be able to ship around 40 million units of the Galaxy S7 this
year.

"The Galaxy S7 has made improvements in areas such as battery, mobile processor,
DRAM, and camera, but price will be the most important factor for consumers,"
the analyst said in an investment report.

By Kim Young-won (wone0102@heraldcorp.c

