

Source: Thomas Moore Adingo | B&FT Online | Ghana

Pacesetter of the smartphone industry Samsung Electronics has officially
launched its latest smartphones -- the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge -- onto the
Ghanaian market.

According to the company, the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge come with the latest
smartphone features and are by far the highest grade of phones in the world.

"At Samsung we have an unwavering commitment to improve consumer experience with
every device we introduce. Our latest addition to the Galaxy S range, the Galaxy
S7 and S7 Edge, have been carefully crafted to reset the rules of the smartphone
game.

"We are throwing the challenge out there for smartphone enthusiasts to rethink
what a phone can do, and all the answers lie in the new Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge,"
Jaspreet Singh, Director of IT and Mobile-Samsung Electronics West Africa, said
at the official launch in Accra.

With improved camera quality the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge are perfect for capturing
some of life's precious moments, especially in dark conditions.

The phones are also water and dust resistant and Â can remain submerged in water
for up to 30 minutes and at a depth of five feet without damage being caused to
the phones' design and functionality. Aside from that, they also come with a
thrilling feature that allows pictures and videos to be taken under water.

Other features include fast charging time with long-lasting battery power, Gear
VR which gives a whole new definition, a 200 gigabyte microSD card slot, a smart
wristwatch connected to the phone that can be used to reply to messages, screen
insurance -- two times every year plus a shopping discount of up to 15 percent
at 20 different shops throughout the country.

The Marketing Manager IM Division-Samsung Ghana, Tracy Kyei, noted the phones
were developed to give smartphone enthusiasts unlimited possibilities with
regard to what their phone can do.

"For us at Samsung, there is nothing that delights us more than giving customers
quality products that meet their needs. The S7 and S7 Edge came about as a
result of feedback from customers about what they wanted from a smartphone. This
is best smartphone available in any part of the world today," she added.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/630/1800/77/145942082217.jpg

Samsung outdoors S7 range

