

NEW DELHI: Samsung has just launched its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone in India and
rumours for the Galaxy S8 have already started brewing. As per a tipster on
Weibo, the next-generation Galaxy S model, being tipped as the Galaxy S8, will
sport a dual-rear camera setup.The rumoured Samsung Galaxy S8 is being said to
feature a combination of 12MP and 13MP rear cameras. While the 12MP S5K2L2
sensor is expected to be the same as in the current model, the 13MP sensor might
be made by Sony.

Like other handsets, the dual-rear camera will give users better control over
the depth of field in images.The front-facing selfie camera is also said to be
upgraded to 8MP sensor from the 5MP seen in the Galaxy S7. There will also be an
iris-scanner that made its debut with Galaxy Note 7. If true, this would make
the Galaxy S8 first in the series to feature an iris-scanner. There are no other
details available the smartphone as of now.For those unaware, Samsung Galaxy S7
and the Galaxy S7 Edge feature 12MP dual pixel rear camera with f/1.7 aperture
for brighter images in low light situations. Besides optical image
stabalisation, the camera also comes with features such as timelapse, slow
motion, HDR, panorama and more. Both also sport a 5MP front-facing camera. The
latest Galaxy Note 7 comes with the same 12MP rear camera and 5MP front-facing
camera sensor like in the Galaxy S7.While the Galaxy S7 offers a 5.1-inch
display, weigh 152 gram and is powered by a 3,000mAh battery, the bigger S7 edge
sports a 5.5-inch display, 3,600mAh battery and weighs 5 gram more. The two new
high-end smartphones have a Quad HD Super AMOLED display with a resolution of
2560 x 1440 pixels.Other specs of the new Galaxy smartphone include Exynos 8890
64-bit octa-core (2.3GHz quad-core + 1.6GHz quad-core) processor with with 4GB
LPDDR4 RAM, 4G support (LTE Cat 9), Fast Charging along with other regular
connectivity options. Samsung has also incorporated liquid cooling technology to
counter heating issues in these phones.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

