

In a smartphone battery charging test speed results, Galaxy S7 edge is able to
get the better of both Pixel XL and iPhone 7 Plus

One popular YouTuber who goes by the name of SuperSaf TV has made a video of a
speed charging test between Samsung's Galaxy S7 edge, iPhone 7 Plus and the
Google Pixel XL. To bring you to a recap of the battery capacities of each
phablet, Galaxy S7 edge features the biggest cell, at 3,600mAh, followed by the
Pixel XL at 3,450mAh and iPhone 7 Plus at 2,900mAh.

However, despite sporting the largest battery in comparison to the remaining two
handsets, Galaxy S7 edge still manages to charge the battery much faster than
the remaining two flagships. To start a fair comparison between all three
smartphones, all three were started from 1% battery life with all three phones
having Wi-Fi disabled and set on airplane mode. All three phones were also using
their own chargers that came bundled with the phone's packaging. If there were
different chargers used, the results obtained would have been much different.

Looking at the video, Galaxy S7 edge is the clear winner here most likely
because the smartphone's charger delivers more amperage compared to the
remaining two. Both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus take a long time to charge
because Apple has continued to ship its iPhones with 5W chargers, thus
increasing the overall time it takes for the battery capacity to reach its
maximum level.

Galaxy S7 edge also supports Qualcomm's Quick Charge 3.0, which dramatically
decreases the total battery charging time, which you can evidently see in the
video posted above. Google Pixel XL happily accepted second place, which is
disappointing because it doesn't feature premium features despite carrying an
expensive price of $649 for the base model. Galaxy S7 edge also features a
wireless charging feature, making it an even better smartphone if you're looking
for a handset that provides you with a ton of options for your money.

Source

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/95/147799191068.jpg



