

ARAB NEWS


Samsung Electronics in Saudi Arabia announced that the Samsung Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 edge, the "most innovative" devices that were unveiled in Barcelona on
Feb. 21,will be available for pre-booking orders in the Kingdom through various
Samsung partners.


Starting from Monday (March 7), the long awaited smart phones can be pre-ordered
by visiting Samsung respected partners across Saudi Arabia or by visiting
Samsung's website for full details and online booking depending on the selected
outlet by the consumer. Consumers who will complete their purchases through the
pre-booking process will receive a free Samsung Gear VR and a 64 GB SD card, to
enjoy their newly purchased S7 or S7 edge even further through Samsung's
ecosystem.
KeeWon Park, GM, Samsung Electronics Saudi Arabia, said: "We are delighted to
bring pre-order offering to our thrilled community and allow them to become one
of the first in the Kingdom for owning these extraordinary devices. We aim to
shorten the time needed for our valued customers to attain the new devices. We
are always keen on bringing Samsung's latest innovations to the Saudi market in
a timely manner. The Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge will be in the hands of their
future owners throughout March."
He added: "The Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge are both known for their next level
imaging, next level performance and next level protection. These two phones
introduce the first dual pixel camera on a smart phone, delivering brighter and
sharper images, even in low light."
They have significant hardware and software updates to optimize overall
performance, including incredible gaming capabilities. The powerful processor
and bigger battery capacity ensure longer playing time, the internal cooling
system keeps the device from overheating and the IP68 certification insures that
they are significantly resistant toward water and dust.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/7/9/85/145730886120.jpg

SAMSUNG

