

Klutzes of the world should rejoice as Samsung officially starts sales of its
new water-resistant Samsung Galaxy S7 and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. The phones,
which the company first unveiled last month, are widely available in all their
dunkable glory.

The latest high-end Samsung smartphones are supposed to be able to withstand
submersion up to five feet for as long as 30 minutes. So you're in luck if you
drop your phone in the drink - as long as you fish it out reasonably fast.

Samsung provided me with a review unit of the Galaxy S7, a 5.1-inch smartphone.
Once I opened the box, I duly dropped the high-performance, expensive phone into
my sink while doing the dishes. Apart from the mild palpitations I gave myself,
there was no damage at all. The phone's touch screen didn't work under water,
but it continued on without a hiccup and was unharmed and working perfectly when
I pulled it out. It was just as impressively zippy as ever and no worse for
wear.

Of course, there is more to this phone than its ability to withstand water.
Overall, I would also say that the design of the S7 is better than its
predecessor, the Galaxy S6. The new phone feels a little stockier, probably
because of its big battery. But its shape is also a little sleeker, thanks to
engineering that has shaved some girth from the Galaxy line's unsightly camera
bump. At any rate, I am not worried about the camera getting caught on the lip
of a pocket or the edge of a table - something that has happened with my S6.
And, with its metal and glass construction, it feels like a high-end phone. It
is also a little curvier than the Galaxy S6, more like the latest versions of
the Apple iPhone, which makes it fit a little better in your hand.

I have no complaints about performance, either. Even while playing games or
watching video, the phone seemed to handle whatever I threw at it. Here are some
features that have stood out about the S7 in my brief time with the phone:

Always-on screen:  Samsung's screen can stay on all of the time and display
basic information such as the clock or a calendar. This may seem like a small
feature, but it is a great one for folks like me who often use their phone as a
desk clock throughout the day. It cannot display notifications in this mode -
for that, you go back to the traditional lock screen - but it is nice to be able
to glance down and see something other than a black, dead screen.

Battery life:  While I have not had the phone long enough to truly put it
through its battery paces, it can easily make it through a day of normal use and
then some without needing to be plugged in, even with the always-on feature. The
S7's battery, which is larger than its predecessor's, should fit the needs of
most people and possibly exceed them. Even while I was testing the phone, it did
not need to be charged until late in the night - something I cannot always say
of the S6 or the iPhone 6S.

Camera:  Samsung has been heavily touting the camera on its latest models,
particularly their performance in low light. The camera is high-performance and
is noticeably crisp with dark shots. Samsung has also added extra modes to the
camera, including one called "motion panorama," which lets you take a panoramic
shot that will animate when you scroll over it - a feature similar to Apple's
Live Photos.

Expandable memory:  One of the greatest returns to form from Samsung is the
inclusion of expandable memory on its new devices, making it possible for users
to add in their own microSD card and supplement the 32GB or 64GB of storage that
comes standard with the phone. With the quality of the pictures this phone
takes, it is a welcome addition. However, the integration between the phone and
microSD card is not quite as close as it has been on past models; if you want to
move something to the microSD card, you will have to do that explicitly rather
than just having the phone treat the card as part of its own storage.

Apps: No review of this phone would be complete without a short complaint on
apps that come  installed. Bloatware is a problem with all smartphones, and
while there are not quite as many pre-installed programs on this model as there
have been in the past, Samsung has loaded it with more apps than you probably
want. There are multiple email apps and multiple music stores that you'll have
to contend with, as well as apps that come from your carrier. (The Verizon model
Samsung sent me has eight Verizon apps installed.) It does not affect the
performance of the phone, but it is annoying.

Samsung has also released a higher-end version of the S7, called the Galaxy S7
Edge, which has a larger screen, at 5.5 inches. That phone has the same curved
screen edges as the Galaxy S6 Edge, along with the upgrades - water resistance,
expandable memory, etc. - Samsung brought to the Galaxy S7.

The Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge are available at all the major U.S. carriers as well
as  retail outlets such as Best Buy and Target. The S7 has a $699 suggested
price tag, while the S7 Edge generally costs $100 more. However, you should
check with your carrier or retailer - many are offering deals and discounts from
those prices.

hayley.tsukayama@washpost.com

