
DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, March 8 -- The recently unveiled Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge at
the Unpacked event will arrive in India on March 8, according to a report by The
Times of India. The report also adds that Samsung plans to invest about Rs 100
crore on marketing the new flagship devices in the bid to outdo arch rival
Apple. The Galaxy S7 and S7 edge are expected to go on sale from the third week
of March.

There is no word on the India pricing, but it is likely to match iPhone 6s
models. The pricing of Samsung models is speculated to start around Rs 45,000.
The Times of India pegs prices between Rs 50,000 and Rs 60,000. Citing people
related to the matter, an earlier report added that Samsung has planned
additional consumer promotion as well. It is also planning to cut down prices of
some of its older models. On the other hand, the report adds that Apple has also
planned something 'big'. It was just recently that Samsung announced Galaxy A5
and A7 2016 editions for the Indian market. On the other hand, Apple has planned
a 4-inch iPhone model to be launched on March 21, and likely to hit emerging
markets like China and India. Unveiled recently at a pre-MWC2016 event, the S7
comes with a 5.1-inch super AMOLED dispay with 2550 x 1440 pixels. Although the
US market would get the Snapdragon 820 variant, global markets would find their
Galaxy S7 powered by a Samsung Exynos chipset instead. In this year's version of
its flagship, Samsung has bumped up the RAM to 4GB.-Asfar

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

