

Post-Galaxy Note 7 ban scenario, Samsung India Electronics has taken up an
immediately strategy to switch its premium-end customers' focus to two other
top-end models: S7 and S7 Edge. Facing a mammoth task of wiping out the memory
of ill-fated Note 7, the South Korea-based consumer electronics giant is banking
on the robust sales momentum of S7 and S7 Edge in India. The would-be buyers of
Galaxy Note 7, production of which has been stopped after the handset was found
to be prone to overheating and catching fire, will get a 'sales and offer' push
encircling S7 and S7 Edge now.

On the sidelines of its pan-India launch of the new version of My Galaxy app in
Kolkata, Manu Sharma, vice president (mobiles business), Samsung India
Electronics, told TOI: \x93We will be focusing on switching Note 7 (worth Rs
59,990) aspirants to become a proud buyer of S7 and S7Edge models (ranging
between Rs 37,000 to Rs 50,000). We'll project S7 and S7Edge on retail front
with good plans.\x93

In the wake of competition from Apple iPhone 7 and soon-tobe-launched Google
Pixel, it would be interesting to see how Samsung combat these two giant product
offerings with S7 and S7 Edge sales push. Elaborating on the 'come-back' plan,
Sharma said, \x93We are aware of the situation and trying to build up interest
on S7 and S7Edge.\x93

According to him, Samsung still remains the leader in the handset sales in India
with 48.6% market share in value terms in the smarphone segment.To unveil
4G-only smartphones now: Samsung India will only launch 4GVoLTE smartphones as
the market has shifted totally towards this end and make all future launches,
including entry-level smart phones, with 4G facility, a top company official
said on Thursday . Samsung India has a 25 smartphone models.

