

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6, iPhone SE, Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 edge: Best
online deals on the premium smartphones.

The festive season is on, and so are some of the best deals on smartphones this
year. The smartphone market has seen the launch of a few flagship devices like
the Apple iPhone 7 and Google Pixel, and has also seen the demise of another -
Samsung Galaxy Note 7. We went through the top three e-retailer websites in
India (Amazon, Snapdeal and Flipkart) to find you the best deals on flagship
phones - new and old, and the best offers you can get at the moment. We will be
focusing on phones from the three big tech giants - Apple, Samsung and Google.
Of course with the Note 7 out of the way, S7 and S7 edge are the flagships from
Samsung.

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 6s, 6 deals

Apple last month launched its much awaited iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and the
devices landed on our shore on October 7. Of course, Apple has priced the
devices at a level that is higher than most other phones; even though it has
launched them at a slightly lower price than last year if you consider the
storage space has doubled.

However, the good news is that the older devices from the company have seen a
price cut after the arrival of the iPhone 7. The iPhone 5S is still retailing
near Rs 20,000, but remember this is a three year old device before you decide
to hit buy.

But if you prefer the small form factor of the 5S - the iPhone SE might be right
up your alley. The best deal on the 16GB variant of the SE is Rs 31,980 on
Amazon, which is also giving the best deal on the 64GB variant at Rs 39,212.

In you don't look too closely, the Apple iPhone 7 looks similar to the previous
two generations from the company. The 2014 launched iPhone 6 (16GB) is retailing
at Rs 36,990 on both Amazon and Flipkart, but the iPhone 6s (16GB) is now priced
at Rs 38,999 on Amazon and makes a much better deal.

Now it gets a little interesting, there is a Rs 8,000 difference between the
64GB version of both phones. The best deal on iPhone 6 (64GB) is Rs 41,999 on
Amazon, whereas the best deal for the iPhone 6s (64GB) is Rs 49,999 on Snapdeal
and Flipkart. In all honesty, 16GB of non-expandable storage on an iPhone is not
a good idea and it is recommended that go for the 64GB version with these
devices.

If however, you are in the market for the larger 5.5-inch version of the phone,
then the iPhone 6 Plus (16GB) will be the cheapest deal for you at Rs 40,145 on
Amazon. The best price of iPhone 6 Plus (64GB) is Rs 48,989 on Amazon, while the
best price of the iPhone 6s Plus (64GB) is Rs 59,999 on Flipkart. It is
important to know that even though the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus look like the 6s,
they are two year old devices. If your budget allows, try to go for the 6s or
the 6s Plus.

If buying older tech is not your style, the iPhone 7 might be a good fit for
you. The base variant of the iPhone 7 (32GB) is listed at Rs 60,000 on Amazon
and Flipkart. The phone currently shows "Coming Soon" on Flipkart even though
its available on Amazon, but remember that Flipkart is the official e-retailer
for Apple in India. Apple iPhone 7 Plus is currently unavailable across all the
three e-retailers, but is listed at Rs 72,000 (32GB) on Flipkart and is tagged
as "Coming Soon". You might have to try your luck online to get this phone.

Best offers on Samsung

If you are an Android fan and even more so a Samsung fan, you are likely upset
with the Galaxy Note 7 being axed for good. However, the Galaxy S7 and S6 are
still great offerings from the company unless you want to wait for the Galaxy S8
that is expected to launch in February.

Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge were launched earlier this year and are still the
best Android flagships. The Galaxy S7 (32GB) is available at Rs 43,400 across
all the three e-retailers, so you can choose any of them as per your liking. The
best deal on the Galaxy S7 Edge (32GB) is Rs 50,100, available on Amazon,
although Snapdeal and Flipkart have it listed at Rs 50,900 which is a slight
hike.

Just like Apple's iPhone 6, Samsung's S6 and S6 Edge are still good devices to
invest in as they will perform well. The best offer on the Galaxy S6 (32GB) is
Rs 33,700 which is available on Snapdeal, although Amazon has it at Rs 33,900.

But if you are looking for the larger S6 edge, then your best bet for the 32GB
is Snapdeal where it is priced at Rs 33,775, although Flipkart also has the
phone at Rs 34,900. The best deal on the 64GB variant will be Rs 40,499 on
Amazon, although Snapdeal also has it available for Rs 40,900. On Flipkart, the
pricing is higher at Rs 50,000.

Google Pixel devices

If you are tired of jumping between Apple and Samsung, Google's new Pixel and
Pixel XL might be something you were waiting for. Google has done away with the
'Nexus' name and the new devices are priced just as steeply as Apple and
Samsung's flagships. The phones launch in India October 13, but are already up
for pre-order on Flipkart.

Google Pixel 32GB is priced at Rs 57,000, while the 128GB variant is priced at
Rs 66,000. Google Pixel XL (32GB) will be available at Rs 67,000 and the 128GB
version will be priced at Rs 76,000. Flipkart is offering Rs 27,000 on exchange.

