

NEW YORK -- When Samsung Electronics first launched the Galaxy S6 Edge featuring
a curved display in 2015, it caught the eyes of many thanks to its stunning,
unprecedented design.

However, Samsung fell short of gaining traction in sales as it failed to catch
up with the demand for the S7 Edge due to glitches in producing the display
curved on both sides.

Now having achieved a rather satisfactory level of production yields for the
Edge display, Samsung said it would put more focus on smartphone models with the
curved display in the future, hinting it could eventually eliminate the
flat-screen Galaxy S model down the road.

Samsung Electronics' Galaxy S7 Edge (Kim Young-won/The Investor)

"Samsung has considered that it would make the edge display as the identity of
the Galaxy S smartphone lineup if the company can provide consumers
differentiated user experience through software and user-friendly functions (for
the curved screen)," said Koh Dong-jin, the head of the tech giant's mobile
business, in a media interview in New York last week.

It takes no rocket scientist to assume the Galaxy Note 7, a curved-screen
large-size smartphone unveiled last week, will serve as a touchstone for Samsung
to decide to roll out a single model with a curved screen for future Samsung
flagships, including the Galaxy S8, which will be released next year.

Since 2015, Samsung has rolled out its flagship smartphone along with an Edge
variant -- the Galaxy S6 and S7 came with the S6 Edge and S7 Edge, respectively.

The tech giant, however, recently unveiled the Note 7 featuring the curved
display without the Edge name for the first time.

Samsung said it saw the sales of the Galaxy S7 Edge, released in February,
exceed those of its flat-screen sibling.

"Samsung will not likely get rid of the flat-screen Galaxy S smartphone model
right away, but if the market response is positive with the Note 7, it would
surely serve as a cue for Samsung to focus only on the Edge model," a market
watcher said.

By Kim Young-won / The Investor correspondent (

