

LOS ANGELES (Legal Newsline) - A California woman is suing Samsung,
allegingfraud, false advertising and unjust enrichment for selling a
water-resistantphone she claims didn't resist water at all.

Dulce Alondra Velasquez-Reyes of Ontario, California, filed a class
actioncomplaint on behalf of herself and others similarly situated Sept. 12 in
the U.S. DistrictCourt for the Central District of California against Samsung
ElectronicsAmerica Inc. She alleges the manufacturer deceived consumers through
falserepresentations that the Samsung Galaxy S7 is water resistant.

According to the complaint, on May 1 Velasquez-Reyes purchased the SamsungGalaxy
S7 cell phone after she was influenced by Samsung's advertisement thatthe phone
was water resistant.

On July 20, Velasquez-Reyes accidentally dropped her phone into atoilet and
dried it off. When she turned the phone back on, the complaintalleges it
malfunctioned and stopped operating.

Valesquez-Reyes contends that when she contacted Samsung, the company refused to
replace orrefund the damaged phone.

Daniel Girard, attorney for the plaintiff, told Legal Newsline after the phone
stoppedworking his client, "contacted Samsung and her carrier personally [and]
thereason Samsung gave for not replacing or repairing her unit was that it had
water-damage."

Samsung advertises on its website that the Galaxy S7 will "repelspills, splashes
and dunks without a bulky protective case" and is "waterresistant up to 5 feet
of water for up to 30 minutes; rinse residue/dry afterwet."

The complaint describes how Samsung advertises the Galaxy S7 via televisionand
online videos showing users snorkeling, surfing and kayaking with theGalaxy S7
phone, as well as showing users dumping champagne on the phone, spraying itwith
a water hose and dunking it in a fish tank.

The complaint alleges Samsungwas deceptive in its advertising and that it was
aware the claims of the phonebeing water resistant were false.

"Samsung's website represents thatthe S7 Phone is water resistant. The website
includes a video showing an S7Phone emerging from a pool of water and remaining
operational. Samsung's websitealso states 'Because water happens' and 'Feel free
to get your phone wet,'" thecomplaint states.

Velasquez-Reyes says Samsung'srepresentations of water resistance materially
influenced her choice topurchase the Galaxy S7, and she would not have made the
purchase absentSamsung's representations that the device was water resistant.

Girard said Samsungdid not provide his client a reason why it advertises the
phone as water resistant,but told Legal Newsline, "Water-resistanceis an
advantage in a competitive market."

Velasquez-Reyes alleges in thecomplaint Samsung provided the same response to
other consumers who faced thesame issue. Girard said, "We obtained this
information through ourinvestigation," but said he does not know how many other
consumers wereaffected.

Velasquez-Reyes alleges because of Samsung's false advertising and refusalto
refund or repair her phone, she suffered monetary damages from paying for
apremium product. She is seeking class certification, trial by jury,
monetaryrelief, injunctive and declaratory relief, interest, attorney fees and
courtcosts.

Samsung did not respond to LegalNewsline's request for comment.

