

For weeks the speculation surrounding Samsung was that the South Korean
electronics giant would trot out Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge smartphones just
as the Mobile World Congress tech confab was about to begin. Samsung delivered
right on cue Sunday.

If there was any mystery left, it was in what these fresh flagships would look
like and feature, and what other  devices might Samsung reveal?

The answer to this last question is a spherical 360 camera called Gear 360. The
camera would appear to nicely complement Samsung's push into virtual reality,
which began in earnest last year with the release of Samsung's  Gear VR headset.

But first, here's a look at what the new Samsung phones have to offer, with the
great big caveat that I haven't had a chance to test them out yet.

Some perspective.  I was a fan of last year's high-profile Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge
models, judging them the finest-looking smartphones that Samsung ever
introduced. Still, some notable features went missing. Those Samsung phones,
unlike predecessor models, weren't water resistant. The onboard memory could not
be expanded. You couldn't swap out the battery.

With the S7 and S7 Edge, Samsung restored two of the three missing features,
while sticking with metal and high-quality glass, and for the most part sticking
reasonably close to last year's design. The S7 retains the 5.1-inch screen size
of the S6. The S7 Edge though comes in at 5.5-inches, the same display size as
on the iPhone 6s Plus, though Samsung is all too pleased to point out that its
phone has a smaller footprint than Apple's.

Both new Samsung phones have curved backs; the S7 with a flat front, the S7 Edge
a curved front. The new devices bring back water resistance, meaning they ought
to survive should you clumsily drop them in a puddle or toilet. Moreover, unlike
earlier water-resistant Galaxy devices there are no awkward caps covering ports
to contend with as you attempt to keep the innards dry.

Both new phones come with 32GB of internal storage, but now there's a microSD
slot for an optional memory card, which sits hidden away on a tray it shares
with the SIM card holder.

The battery is still not removable, but the new phones do boast bigger-capacity
batteries that, in theory, will last longer -- we'll have to see. Samsung is
also promising a very fast wireless charging experience if you have a compatible
charger, a feature advantage over the iPhone.

Samsung starts taking preorders on the new phones Tuesday; in the U.S. they'll
be available, in multiple colors, starting on March 11. Pricing has not been
announced.

I look forward to reviewing the new 360 camera and will tell you what I think.

