

Samsung S7 edge

KUWAIT CITY, May 9: Virtual reality engine, pocket DSLR, supercomputer,
smart-key, gaming console and media powerhouse-the all-new Galaxy S7 wears many
tags with ease. The advanced capabilities and specifications of the smartphone
also brings with it unique challenges in order to deliver the ultimate user
experience. Smartphones getting overheated with extended use has been an
Achilles heel of sorts for the mobile phone industry. Unlike the conventional
systems before it, Samsung has succeeded in creating a super thin cooling
apparatus (0.6mm) for the powerful Exynos processor in the Galaxy S7 and S7
edge. A variation of the desktop water-cooling model, the cooling technology at
play in these smartphones keeps vital components like the processor working at
optimum temperature, greatly extending the lifespan and allowing for longer
uninterrupted usage.

Under the stunning metal shell of the S7 is flat copper piping that weaves
around the Graphics Processing Unit and the processor to dissipate the heat
generated by the phone. The piping ensures that the heat is evenly spread and
not concentrated on any specific spots.

Loosely described as the 'air conditioning for your phone', the piping has a
liquid that vaporizes at high temperatures and then condenses at low
temperatures. The liquid draws heat from the processor when vaporized and
repeats the cycle over and over again, converting from vapor to liquid and vice
versa depending on which component is hotter than the rest.

Supporting Vulkan API, the phones can run graphic intensive games such as
Asphalt 8 with ease. The S7 and S7 edge are powered by a 64 bit Octa core
(2.3GHz Quad + 1.6GHz Quad processor, mated with a Quad HD Super AMOLED screen
(5.1" 2560 X 1440 (577ppi) screen on the S7 and 5.5" Quad 2560 X 1440 (534ppi)
on the S7 Edge). The phone's Dual Pixel sensors, an industry first for mobile
camera technology mirror the human eyes' fast autofocus, setting the world
standard in low-light mobile camera technology.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/326/1143/81/146288278835.jpg

Samsung S7 edge

