

Now that Note 7 is not going to be the bread and butter of Samsung, the company
is going to be increasing production volume of Galaxy S7

It's safe to say that Galaxy Note 7 isn't going to be the driving force of
Samsung's revenue for mobile devices, so the company is doing the next best
possible thing, at least when it is prepared to officially announce its next
flagship, Galaxy S8. According to sources close to the matter, Samsung has told
suppliers about its decision to increase the production of both Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 edge, which is a terrific decision, because there were very few
differences between these two and the Galaxy Note 7.

With Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge getting upgraded to run Samsung's Grace UX,
users will have plenty of features to look forward to. The hardware changes
definitely has us impressed when we look at both the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7
edge. Even though Samsung reduced the thickness of both its devices, they still
feature a much larger battery than its predecessors.

Additionally, both Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge sport one of the best cameras in
the entire smartphone industry. They can snap images immediately, and are ideal
for recording videos at extremely high resolutions, including 4K. Both Galaxy S7
and Galaxy S7 edge also provide support for expandable storage. If you want
something that will provide you with nearly the same amount of features as a
Galaxy Note 7, we highly recommend looking into the Galaxy S7 edge. It has a
5.5-inch QHD display, has a curved edge screen and even has a slightly larger
battery capacity than the Note 7, making it the perfect replacement for you
guys.

The only thing you will not gain access to is the S-Pen accessory and all the
features that come along with it. Still, you're getting the next best thing, but
if you want to wait even more, then you can always be patient till the company
announces its Galaxy S8.

Source

