

Samsung Galaxy S7 Active

Samsung has added another variant to the Galaxy S7 series the S7 Active.The
phone is IP68 certified for dust and water resistance as well as certified for
resistance against humidity, thermal shock and solar radiation. Now, you can't
have all of this without adding a little bulk the phone weighs 185 grams and is
9.9mm thick. However, it does not cut corners on the hardware: you get a
Snapdragon 820 processor, 4GB RAM, 3264GB storage and a large, 4,000mAh battery.
The 5.1-inch super amoled 2k resolution display has been updated with a
shatter-resistant screen. You also get the same fantastic 12MP camera as the S7
(to recap, it has a f1.7 aperture and OIS) along with a front 5MP camera with
f1.7 aperture.The phone runs Android 6.0 and offers 4G, WiFi ac, WiFi Direct,
Bluetooth 4.2 and NFC connectivity. An additional shortcut button is also added
above volume keys that can be configured to launch a favorite app. No details on
price and availability for international markets has been announced so far.

Samsung Gear Fit 2

The second generation Gear Fit from Samsung features a 1.5-inch super amoled
display and a heart rate sensor. It can track up to 15 different fitness
activities including walking, yoga, treadmill, running and so on (apart from the
usual steps, distance, sleep and calories burnt) . The curved display has a
resolution of 432 x 216 pixels and the band is IP68 certified for water
resistance.Hardware includes 4GB storage, 512MB RAM and 200mAh battery. The band
runs Tizen OS and is compatible with smartphones running Android 4.4 and above
(no support for iOS devices at the moment).Samsung claims the Gear Fit 2 will
give you a battery life will of up to 5 days. Priced at US$179, it will be
available in international markets from June 10th onwards.

SOL-ONE

The SOL-ONE is a unique looking air purifier that does more than just purify
air. It's a smart air purifier that can be controlled via your smartphone and
has a built-in ionizer. It even doubles up as an air freshener (adds scent to
the air) and a mood lighting system (over 8,000 colour tones supported).Another
highlight of the SOL-ONE is that it uses a washable, wet textile layer to filter
particles in the air yes, the filtering system does not need any replacements.
It consumes up to 10W electricity at full capacity and it can be completely
automated using the smartphone app \xAD you can set it to analyse an air sample
of the room and accordingly adjust the fan speed for faster purification. The
purifier campaign is currently live on Indiegogo and you can pre-book one for
US$449 plus shipping.

Withings Body Cardio

Withings is a well-known name when it comes to smart, connected digital weighing
scales. Their new offering, Body Cardio, can track a user's weight, body mass,
per centage of water in body as well as heart rate. What's even more amazing is
that it does this with you just standing on the scale with bare feet. What sets
the Body Cardio apart is that it can track the hearts pulse wave velocity a
measurement of blood flow in the arteries that can help detect high blood
pressure. As with their previous connected scales, Body Cardio also has built-in
WiFi and will sync all data with a smartphone app wirelessly. Priced at US$180,
the Body Cardio scale can be ordered on http:www.withings.com.

Image: Withings (Twitter)

Lumigon T3

This is the world's first smartphone with a night vision camera. It has a 13MP
primary camera with dual tone flash, phase detection autofocus and a separate
4MP camera module with dual infra-red LEDs for night vision capabilities. The
phone is the company's flagship device with a metal chassis that holds a
4.8-inch amoled HD display. Inside is a Helio X10 processor, 3GB RAM, 128GB
storage and it runs Android 6.0. Other features include a fingerprint scanner,
dual SIM slots, a touch-sensitive area on the back panel for control, IR
transceiver, stereo speakers, wireless charging and a temperature sensor. Priced
at US$ 740 onwards, you can order one from http:www.lumigon.com (excludes
shipping and customs).

Image: Lumigon (Twitter)

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

