

Samsung Galaxy

S7 Edge

CNET rating: 5 stars out of 5 (Spectacular)

The good: The Galaxy S7 Edge has a gorgeous larger curved screen and larger
battery than the otherwise identical standard S7. It really is something
special. The extra navigation tools can be useful when used judiciously.

The bad: When you pile on these extra navigation tools, they slow you down
rather than speed you up. It's pricier than other good phones.

The cost: $595.99 to $794.99

The bottom line: The gorgeous Galaxy S7 Edge makes the best Android phone that
much better.

Samsung Galaxy Note 5

CNET rating: 4.5 stars out of 5 (Outstanding)

The good: The Samsung Galaxy Note 5 has an eye-catching design, high-end
hardware and takes great outdoor photos. Using the stylus has never felt better,
and battery life is terrific.

The bad: With a non-removable battery and no external storage option, the Note 5
strips away some of last year's features. It's pricey compared to large-screen
competitors like Motorola's Moto X Pure.

The cost: $513.99 to $709.99

The bottom line: Samsung's Galaxy Note 5 is excellent overall, and the only
phone to buy if you want to write by hand. However, you'll pay a huge premium
for a modest upgrade from last year's model, and less pricey competitors will
satisfy many.

Apple iPhone 7 Plus

CNET rating: 4.5 stars out of 5 (Outstanding)

The good: Dual rear cameras delivers true 2x optical zoom, with a cool bokeh
mode to come via a forthcoming upgrade. The phone is water resistant, and the
battery lasts longer than last year's model. Bigger storage options include
256GB model for serious photographers.

The bad: There's no standard headphone jack: you'll have to use Lightning, or
the included adapter, or go wireless. Design is showing its age, as competing
phones squeeze a 5.5-inch screen into smaller, sexier bodies.

The cost: $769 to $769.99

The bottom line: Apple's best camera phone pushes the envelope to offer great
results, but its full potential hasn't yet been tested.

Motorola Moto Z Play

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Very good)

The good: The affordable Moto Z Play works with swappable modular accessories,
retains its headphone jack (unlike the more upmarket Moto Z and Z Force) and has
a battery that goes on and on.

The bad: The Z Play is the thickest and heaviest phone in the Moto Z series and
its fingerprint sensor, annoyingly, can be mistaken for a home button.

The cost: $408 to $449.99

The bottom line: Even if you don't give two licks about its cool modular
capabilities, get the Motorola Moto Z for an affordable phone with an
impressively enduring battery life.

