

NEW DELHI: An alleged Samsung employee has leaked the details of the company's
upcoming flagship smartphones Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge on Korean website
Naver.

The Galaxy S7 smartphone will have a 5.1-inch display, while Galaxy S7 edge will
reportedly have a 5.5-inch screen with curved glass on both sides. This report
does not mention the rumoured Galaxy S7 edge+, which is said to have a bigger
screen.

The key feature of Galaxy S7 and S7 edge is said to be the camera, though the
resolution is 12MP; this is a decrease in the resolution as last year's Galaxy
S6 and S6 edge have 16MP camera.

READ ALSO:

More importantly, the upcoming smartphones' camera will have f/1.7 aperture,
among the lowest in the industry. This aperture allows the smartphone to capture
more light while taking photos, thus delivering better lowlight photos. For
colour reproduction and noise reduction, Samsung is using a dual-pixel
autofocus.

On the design front, Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge will look pretty similar to
S6 and S6 edge, but have a black chassis that reportedly give the smartphones a
more premium look. The smartphones will be dust- and water-resistant, a feature
missing in the predecessors (though Galaxy S5 had a rugged body). The company is
also doing away with the camera hump.

Samsung is also said to be providing a hybrid dual-sim setup so users can expand
storage by up to 128GB.

The smartphones will be available in four colours: gold, silver, black and
white.

Previous leaks have suggested that Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge will feature.
Other leaked features include USB Type C, fast-charging and retina scanner.

Samsung is expected to unveil Galaxy S7 and S7 edge on February 21, a day before
Mobile World Congress kicks off in Barcelona. It is expected that the company
maythan their respective predecessors.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

