

Samsung has admitted that the high demand of Galaxy Note 7 was not anticipated
by the company, which cause supply and demand issues

Samsung might not have expected the high demand of Galaxy Note 7 because there
has started to become supply constraints globally, which the company admitted
that it wasn't expecting its phablet would end up selling so well. While healthy
demand is in fact a thing to be most proud about, the company will not be able
to boost sales, and might even lose out on potential revenue if it does not
manage to close the gap between supply and demand.

Samsung told Reuters the following regarding the huge difference between supply
and demand regarding its Galaxy Note 7:

"As pre-order results for the Galaxy Note 7 have far exceeded our estimates, its
release date in some markets has been adjusted."

This isn't the first time that something like this has happened with Samsung's
phones. Production problems for the curved displays for the Galaxy S6 edge,
which was announced last year resulted in disappointing sales, and investors
fear that if Samsung does not expedite the supply and demand situation, the
problems that plagued the company would be repeated like last year.

Being the first Galaxy Note to feature a dual curved edge display is one of the
many perks of owning the smartphone, and we have to say that with 4GB RAM and an
abundant number of software improvements, we are certain that the company could
leap huge distances with its Galaxy Note 7 the same way it has with its Galaxy
S7 and Galaxy S7 edge. There is a 3,500mAh battery present, which is slightly
smaller than the 3,600mAh capacity present in the edge version of Galaxy S7, but
it's still bigger than the cell present in Galaxy Note 5.

There isn't a dual rear camera present, but you still get the capable 12MP
camera with an f/1.7 aperture, and there's also a Gorilla Glass 5 protection
present, which might not hold up to scratches, but will definitely hold up to
drops quite well.

Source

