

Otterbox Symmetry Clear for Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge

PHONE CASE $49

The Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge might be resistant to water but they are not
resistant to drops. Protect them with the Otterbox Symmetry Clear.

It has a clear back so owners can show off the beauty of their phones. It is
slim enough that it won't add much bulk, but has a tough shell that will protect
the phone against drops and scratches. Furthermore, raised edges on the case
help protect the phone's display.

Garmin Fenix 3 HR

GPS RUNNING WATCH $899

Take Garmin's successful Fenix 3 GPS running watch, fit it with the company's
Elevate heart rate monitor (HRM), and you get the Fenix 3 HR.

It can track your heart rate all day using the wrist-based HRM, unlike the Fenix
3 which requires a chest-strap HRM.

The watch is also a fitness tracker that is able to track your daily steps and
calories burnt. It comes with outdoor navigation features such as three-axis
compass and altimeter.

Canon Xeed WUX6010

PROJECTOR $9,900

This WUXGA (1,920 x 1,200 pixels) projector is able to project a screen size of
between 40 and 600 inches at up to 6,000 lumens, thanks to its RS-IL01ST zoom
lens, powerful AISYS 4.1 optical system and short arc lamp.

Furthermore, the Canon Xeed WUX6010 is equipped with the HDBaseT feature that
allows video and audio signals to be transmitted to the projector via a single
LAN cable.

Philips Air Purifier 3000 Series

AIR PURIFIER $899

With the haze season looming, the Philips Air Purifier 3000 series might be just
what you need at home.

It comes with an Allergen mode that removes common airborne allergens. Its
VitaShield Intelligent Purification System ensures removal of indoor
contaminants like pollen. Furthermore, it features Philips' new Aerasense
technology - an advanced sensor that accurately measures PM2.5 particles and
provides you with instant PM2.5 feedback.

Toshiba dynadock V3.0+

USB DOCK $249

Need to connect more devices via your laptop's single USB 3.0 port? Get
Toshiba's new dynadock V3.0+.

It features four USB 3.0 ports, as well as a DVI, an Ethernet, a 3.5mm audio-in
and a 3.5mm audio-out ports. It comes with a built-in video card that supports
an additional display of up to a resolution of 2,048 x 1,152 pixels. Its upright
slim design helps to save space and reduce cable clutter on your desk.

Samsung Galaxy J1 (2016) 4G

SMARTPHONE $208

If you are looking for an affordable smartphone to go overseas , consider the
Samsung Galaxy J1 .

This Android smartphone offers dual SIM card slots, so you can switch SIM cards
while travelling. It also boasts a 4.5-inch Super Amoled display with a
resolution of 800 x 480 pixels. Plus, it packs a 5-megapixel rear camera and a
2-megapixel front-facing camera for your photography needs.

The J1 will be available in black and gold.

Compiled by Trevor Tan

