

Even as consumers clamor for more and more "phablets", Apple Inc has reminded
the world that there are a certain number of small phone fans who tend to prefer
displays that are smaller than 5 inches across.

Apart from the latest iPhone SE, there are five other brands who have produced
high-end hardware specs with smaller screens.

Let's take a look at the six devices with relatively smaller screens on the
market according to iphone.265g.com, a domestic technology website.

iPhone SE

Presented by Apple as the most powerful 4-inch phone ever made by the company,
iPhone SE is equipped with a 4-inch 1136x640 (326 ppi) display. Powered by
Apple's latest A9 processor, the phone provides 2GB RAM and a 12 megapixel rear
camera. It allows users to shoot 4K video and also Live Photos. The phone also
offers functions such as Touch ID, Apple Pay and Retina Flash for dim lighting.

The new iPhone SE is seen on display during an event at the Apple headquarters
in Cupertino, California March 21, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

Samsung Galaxy S7

The Galaxy S7 features a 5.1-inch screen. It is the first smartphone with
dual-pixel technology, so it captures better photos in low-light environments
and focuses faster than the blink of an eye. The Galaxy S7 is powered by the
latest Android Marshmallow OS. The phone is also water resistant. It repels
spills, splashes and even dunks without a bulky protective case.

A woman displays new Samsung S7 (R) and S7 edge smartphones after their
unveiling ceremony at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, February
21, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

Xiaomi Mi 4s

The Mi 4s features a similar 5-inch Full HD IPS display to the one that equipped
the Mi 4c. It is powered by a hexa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 processor and it
comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 64GB of internal storage that can be
expanded via a microSD card.

Xiaomi 4s [Photo/en.miui.com]

Xiami Redmi 3

The Redmi 3 features a 5-inch IPS LCD capacitive touch screen, with 720 x 1280
pixels. It is powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 616 processor and it comes with
2GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded via a
microSD card to a maximum of 128 GB.

Xiaomi vice president Hugo Barra poses with a Redmi Note 3 during an interview
with Reuters after a launching ceremony in Hong Kong, China March 21, 2016.
[Photo/Agencies]

Smartisan T2

The Smartisan features a 4.95-inch, 1920 x 1080 pixel display, with a Qualcomm
Snapdragon 808 processor. The phone packs 3GB of RAM, and 16GB or 32GB of
storage.

What really makes the Smartisan T2 stand out though, is its software system
named Smartisan OS. It provides a tile-based user interface, a series of new
features and custom apps, such as auto arrange desktop icons by color, date, or
other criteria, a "remote assistance" app that allows a friend, family member,
or professional to take control of your phone to provide remote support, video
and GIF editors and screen recording.

Smartisan T2 [Photo/gsminsider.com]

OnePlus X

Operated by OnePlus' Oxygen OS system based on Android 5.1.1 Lollipop, the phone
features a 5-inch AMOLED display with a 1080 x 1920 resolution. It packs 3GB of
memory, a 13MP back-facing camera and a 7.6MP front-facing one. It also contains
a microSD slot, which is first seen for the brand that a allow users for
expandable storage up to 128GB. The phone is described by tech site theverge.com
as "a low-cost Android phone in high-end disguise".

OnePlus X [Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

