

By tbreak Staff -

We have heard great things about Galaxy S7, ranging from the fact that the
upcoming smartphone could sport a microSD card slot, as well as an updated
camera sensor that will no doubt produce much better images as opposed to its
predecessors. However, looks like the latest report shows that the Snapdragon
820 version of the smartphone could have run into the same problems as the one
exhibited by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 810 chipset, and as you all know, that
happens to be overheating.

Samsung is currently looking for partners to mass produce heat pipe solutions
for its Galaxy S7, which indicates that Snapdragon 820 might not be as efficient
as we expected it to be. Previously, companies like Sony and Microsoft did place
a heat pipe solution in its Xperia Z5 Premium and Lumia 950 and Lumia 950 XL
respectively in order to prevent Snapdragon 810's octa-core CPU from
overheating, but why would Samsung be looking to partner up with such
manufacturers?

It could possibly be that Samsung is looking to avoid a slump in smartphone
sales due to excessive overheating of the chipset. However, being manufactured
on the 14nm FinFET most likely means that Snapdragon 820 is not going to have
its temperature exceeded. Still, we believe that Samsung wants to me darn sure
that this does not happen, otherwise a large portion of the company's long-time
smartphone fans are going to throw numerous rants through various channels, and
that will obviously not bode well for the largest Android smartphone
manufacturer seeing as how its position is already being threatened by the likes
of Xiaomi, Huawei and Lenovo.

Qualcomm has already said that its Snapdragon 820 does not overheat, but if you
recall, the company said the exact same thing about its Snapdragon 810. With
this revelation, Samsung is definitely looking to take an extra step in ensuring
that its Galaxy S7 is the best flagship smartphone that the company has ever
released so far. Like always, we will continue to post updates on the latest
situation of Samsung.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/43/144924997518.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/25/144924997538.png



