

According to the latest rumor, Galaxy Note 6 will probably be having a 4,000mAh
battery present underneath its hood

There should a fair amount of difference between Galaxy Note 6 and the flagship
duo, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge that were released not too long ago. Samsung
intends of making the difference noteworthy thanks to the latest rumor, which
suggests that Galaxy Note 6 is going to feature a 4,000mAh battery. In
comparison that is only a 400mAh difference between Galaxy S7 edge, which has a
3,600mAh battery, but you also have to keep in mind that the latter has a screen
size of 5.5 inches, whereas Galaxy Note 6 is rumored to have a 5.8-inch screen.

Samsung has not been rumored to bump up the resolution to 4K for obvious battery
drainage reasons, and what's more is that a 1440p Super AMOLED display is more
than sufficient to resonate a slew of vibrant colors on the already impressive
display of the smartphone family. Most of the changes are going to be present in
the hardware and Galaxy Note 6 is expected to have 6GB of RAM, which exceeds the
amount that you normally see in entry-level notebooks these days.

Both camera sensors are also expected to be given significant upgrades over
their predecessors and we might even see a larger camera sensor size in order to
improve overall image quality to new heights. We are not quite sure how wide the
fixed aperture is going to be but we have a feeling that Samsung is going to
retain it at f/1.7.

One highlight of the smartphone is expected to be an upgraded chipset called
Snapdragon 823. While there isn't supposed to be any huge difference between
Snapdragon 820 and Snapdragon 823 apart from the increase in the processor's
clock speed in the latter, there needs to be some level of distinguishing
between the three smartphones.

The release date of Galaxy Note 6 is yet to be confirmed, but we should be
looking at the month of August, which is exactly one month before the grand
unveiling of Apple's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

Sammobile

Source

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/11/146143225475.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/84/146143225713.jpg



