

You can check this list out only if you are willing to shell out thousands of
rupees in the name of a premium smartphone.

Smartphones above Rs 30,000 price tag come with premium features, and let us
face it; only a fraction of the mobile users in India actually use a costlier
premium phone. If you are planing to buy one, you should either be a diehard fan
of the premium-ness or you should be having plenty of money. Whatever the reason
may be, we at TechTree are listing out what we feel to be the best ones
available currently in this segment.

1. Apple iPhone 6s Plus

When it comes to premium features, the first company that comes to our minds is
Apple. No matter how costly their smartphones are, there are people standing in
queue on the launch date to purchase the latest smartphone by Apple. With 3D
Touch display incorporated into the smartphone, the 5.5 inch device comes with a
exceptional camera that is capable of capturing 4K video and Live Photos, along
with great detailed photographs. The price range starts from Rs 55,789 (16 GB
variant) and goes upto Rs 73,150 (64 GB) and Rs 84,249 (128 GB). However, there
may be slight variations in the price depending on different retailer.

2. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge

Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is definitely one of those best devices available out in
the market today. With a 5.5 inch Quad HD display screen, 4 GB RAM, and 32 GB
internal storage, the smartphone runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow. You can also
find a fingerprint scanner on the home button of the Galaxy S7 Edge. The battery
is of 3,600 mAh capacity. While we can definitely get these features in almost
most of the budget phones nowadays, the exclusive feature that comes with the S7
Edge is the saturated AMOLED display, with a curve which allows you to utilize
your device on a better level. Apart from all, it's the Samsung flagship device
for the year 2016 and wouldn't you want to have it? Price range starts from
somewhere around Rs Rs 48,900 for the 32 GB variant.

3. Huawei Nexus 6P

This flagship device from Google is a premium device that was launched alongside
the affordable rival, LG Nexus 5X. This is the first Huawei smartphone being
manufactured under the Google's Nexus programme, making this a special phone for
every Huawei and Nexus fan! Sporting a metal body, the 5.5 inch device comes
with USB Type-C for fast connectivity. The device runs on Android 6.0
Marshmallow and the camera is capable of capturing some mind boggling shots. The
price range of the device varies according to the internal memory that comes
out-of-the-box. For a 32 GB variant, you will have to pay somewhere around Rs
34,499 and for a 64 GB variant the price goes up to approximately Rs 40,999.

4. BlackBerry Priv

Now, this is something that is more close to the heart of those people who are
typical BlackBerry fans, and have been using a BlackBerry phone even in the era
of Android smartphones. This 5.4 inch device runs on Android and what else would
you want? It comes with all the goodness of an Android device, yet being as
secured as the original BlackBerry device. Along with this, the smartphone also
comes with a physical QWERTY keyboard that actually allows you to type in like
the original BlackBerry device. The smartphone comes with a 18 MP primary
camera, and is backed by a 3,410 mAh battery. The internal storage capacity is
of 32 GB while the device is powered by a 3 GB RAM. The Priv comes with a price
tag of around Rs 55,550.

5. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL

This smartphone marks the return of Microsoft into the smartphone business, and
if you are a Windows phone fan, then you are going to definitely love this
device. With a 5.7 inch display, 3 GB RAM, and 32 GB internal storage, the
smartphone comes with a 20 MP primary camera and 5 MP front facing sensor for
selfies. To keep the smartphone cool, the company has incorporated the liquid
cooling technology right into the phone itself, making it a perfect choice as
your personal computer. Adding on to this fact, the smartphone can be used as a
portable computer using the Continuum. The smartphone runs on Windows 10 Mobile
operating system.

While we have made our best to come up with a list of five best premium
smartphones, there might be a device which has been left out.


