

Arab Finance: Luxury smartphone designer Givori has debuted its latest bespoke
creation for Android devices, the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 'Siena'. Givori is
renowned for transforming high-end mobile devices into luxury accessories,
customized with the finest craftsmanship and materials. The 'Siena' range is
defined by its understated elegance, finished in richly sienna-toned alligator
leather to add a layer of old world style and distinction, with the phone
encased in rose gold. The high-grade Mississippiensis alligator leather is known
for its exceptionally durable, softer, and suppler texture than traditional
crocodile leather.

One of the most highly sought-after raw materials by makers of luxury items,
alligator leather also boasts a smooth, three-dimensional feel, and a more
uniform scale pattern. With this refined style already coveted by iPhone
aficionados, the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 'Siena' is certain to pique the interest
of discerning enthusiasts for the Korean technology firm. The timeless designs
are available for USD 1,640 at Harvey Nichols - Dubai, Bloomingdales - Dubai,
select Damas jewellery boutiques, select Mohammad Rasool Khoory & Sons stores in
Abu Dhabi, Virgin Megastore Dubai and Qatar, as well as select Axiom Telecom
showrooms across the UAE and KSA. "Samsung's premium devices are leaders in
technology, style, and design, and command a loyal following among customers,"
said Layal Akouri, General Manager of Givori. "We lovingly enhance the device's
superb qualities, giving something more to those who appreciate design by adding
exquisite craftsmanship and timeless style. With the Givori 'Siena', the quality
speaks for itself, creating a naturally commanding presence in any setting."
Givori transforms today's most prized possession, the smartphone, into luxury
handwear by custom building each phone using the finest materials, from precious
metals and high-grade diamonds, to premium exotic leather and vintage rare
elements. All Givori customizations are meticulously handcrafted in Italy, the
UK, and Switzerland to create exclusive editions of some of the most popular
smartphones. Givori devices are coated with a nanotechnology film, applied to
combat oxidation, fingerprints and color fading, and also come with extensive
post-sales support, including one-year warranty on all software, cosmetic, and
jewellery elements. Customers can also avail Givori's free pick-up and delivery
service for phones that require repair in the first 12 months.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/195/598/83/146479058644.jpg



