

Samsung's flagship product, Galaxy Note 7, has been in the limelight for quite
some time owing to multiple battery failures around the world. Some people have
claimed that the battery exploded out of the blue while some say the phone went
blank dead.

This is a very serious issue which Samsung seems to have taken up in the right
spirit. The company has issued a statement that all the 2.5 Million Note 7
pieces sold worldwide will be recalled to replace the batteries with fresh ones.
The company also says that nearly 1 in 42 devices has faulty battery.

"There was a tiny problem in the manufacturing process, so it was very difficult
to figure out. It will cost us so much it makes my heart ache. Nevertheless, the
reason we made this decision is because what is most important is customer
safety," said Koh Dong-jin, President - Samsung Mobile business.

There have already been 35 instances of the phone blowing up and the company
cannot at any cost put its customers' lives in danger because of one
manufacturing defect. Such recalls are not unknown of but this is definitely the
first time for such a famous flagship product from Samsung.

Samsung will offer S7 to Note 7 owners

To mend the damage already done by Note 7, Samsung is offering its customers
with an option to swap Note 7 with the S7 series. The company will start the
process in a week or so and the customers will be able to swap Note 7 for either
the S7 or the S7 Edge.

"The US carriers have already halted sales and offered ways for customers who
have already purchased the device to get refunds. Now Samsung has announced its
own exchange programme, which will provide customers with a new device as soon
as next week," a report by Verge said.

US customers will also get a credit of $25 on their phone bill or a $25 gift
card. The sales of the phone have been stopped immediately and the company did
not comment on when it will be made available to the public again.

Halting sales of a flagship product indefinitely can cause some serious
financial troubles to the company, also a time when Apple is going to unveil the
new set of iPhones on September 7. Apple is taking full advantage of this by
activating its Twitter account just before the event.

To remind you, Samsung Galaxy Note 7 was launched in for Rs. 59,990, but is
unavailable for purchase online in India. The smartphone series is famous for
its stylus and large display, along with nifty features like biometric scanner
and edge display.

