

NEW DELHI: OnePlus introduced its Dash Charge fast-charging technology with the
launch of the OnePlus 3 smartphone earlier this year. But it looks like the
company is eager to take showcases its 'prowess' to a larger audience. Over a
month after the launch of OnePlus 3 , the company has posted a YouTube video
showcasing Dash Charge technology against that of the Galaxy S7.The YouTube
video posted on OnePlus' official channel shows the two handsets being charged
for an hour.

In first 30 minutes the Galaxy Note 7 is seen topping at 50% while the OnePlus 3
is seen at 64%. It is worth mentioning that both the flagships house a 3000mAh
battery. The Chinese company also claims that the OnePlus 3's Dash Charge
technology remains unchanged even when the display is turned on.In the second
round of 30 minutes, both the handsets are charged with their displays turned
on. In this test the Galaxy S7 stays at 23% while the OnePlus 3 with Dash Charge
is seen at 67%.It is not clear as to what made OnePlus flaunt its Dash Charge
fast-charging technology days after the launch of the flagship smartphone.
Although the margin is huge between the Galaxy S7's 23% and OnePlus 3's 67%, it
is worth mentioning that the former boasts of a faster processor, more RAM and
also packs a QHD display.OnePlus co-founder Carl Pei recently confirmed that the
company is not working on any OnePlus 3 Mini handset. The confirmation comes
after an unknown OnePlus handset appeared on GFXBench website. The smartphone
was widely speculated to be OnePlus 3 Mini. The rumour mill also claimed that if
the unknown device is either OnePlus 3 Mini or the next OnePlus X smartphone.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

