

After ending a two-year smartphone slide with the Galaxy S7, Samsung Electronics
Co. could be about to hike capital spending to sustain a revival across the
company.

At least $5 billion US more of investment is headed to the display and
semiconductor businesses, according to a survey of analyst estimates, to help
Samsung ride out bumps in the phone market. Such a move reflects new optimism
about the company after the success of the Galaxy S7, with the shares rallying
13 per cent this year.

Samsung's rise into an electronics behemoth has been fuelled by the ability to
get its memory chips and displays, often the most expensive components, into
devices made by others. With the South Korean company said to be in talks to
supply Apple with next-generation OLED screens and bring out its own phones with
bendable screens, Samsung can use its cash pile of more than $60 billion to
extend its lead on rivals.

"Samsung's smartphone business has finally had a soft landing after a bumpy
ride," said Chung Chang Won, an analyst at Nomura Holdings Inc. in Seoul.
Samsung will probably boost spending on memory and displays, which "are poised
for a sudden rise as the next growth drivers."

The shares slid 3.3 per cent to close Wednesday at 1.42 million won. Analysts,
however, are betting they've got room to rise. Since the company's last earnings
report, the average target price of analysts has risen by 6.7 per cent, backing
the Galaxy S7's ability to keep winning customers. In the same period, profit
estimates have risen by almost half a billion dollars.

Samsung will report preliminary second-quarter earnings Thursday, with operating
income expected to rise about seven per cent to 7.4 trillion won ($6.4 billion),
according to the average estimate. Sales are projected to increase 4.9 per cent
to 50.9 trillion won.

But with growth in the global smartphone market evaporating, it needs to build
up its other major businesses as competitors bring out new products in an
attempt to spark growth.

"The mobile business is holding up well, but it's still questionable whether
this trend will be sustained over the coming quarters with more new devices in
the pipeline from rivals," said Lee Jae-yun, an analyst at Yuanta Securities Co.

The Korean technology giant hasn't been afraid to make bold investments in
advanced technologies and plants, even during a severe economic downturn. That
has helped it outrun competitors in Japan and combat Chinese producers as it
rose to the top of smartphones, chips and TVs.

Samsung had almost $23 billion of capital spending in 2015, the fourth straight
year that capital expenditure topped $20 billion, according to data compiled by
Bloomberg. The company said in April that it spent 4.6 trillion won in the first
quarter and annual spending could increase slightly.

Organic light-emitted diode (OLED) is one such example, with Samsung championing
the screens as thinner, brighter and less taxing on the battery compared to
liquid-crystal displays. By using the technology in its own Galaxy range,
Samsung has become the biggest producer for mobile devices.

The company may introduce two new smartphones with bendable OLED screens as soon
as next year, a move that could spark sales of components to rivals, people
familiar with the matter said last month. Samsung has also held talks to be the
exclusive supplier of displays for future iPhones, people familiar have said.

Delivering such products requires new plants, factory upgrades and equipment and
the company may need to spend as much as 15 trillion won ($13 billion) just on
OLED, according to HI Investment & Securities Co. But it's got money in the
bank: its hoard of cash and short-term investments has been growing steadily in
past years, to more than 70 trillion won at the end of March.

"To keep rivals off its turf, Samsung needs to move faster and go bold with
investment now," said Chung Won-suk, a Seoul-based analyst at HI Investment.
"With Apple expected to join the race, the bendable display will eventually
become the default feature on future smartphones."

Samsung's panel-making subsidiary Samsung Display Co. has already started to
halt some of its older LCD lines to boost OLED capacity. Chung at HI Investment
expects that to continue.

The popularity of the Galaxy S7 models, one with a curved display, is expected
to have continued into the second quarter, helping to bail out its mobile
division from a slump that has hit Apple and Chinese companies.

"Samsung's business outlook seems extremely good and creates a lot of excitement
now," said Peter Yu, a Seoul-based analyst at BNP Paribas SA.

