

Samsung Electronics posted a better-than expected first-quarter profit after the
early release of Galaxy S7 smartphones gave it a head-start on Apple and Chinese
rivals and helped counter an industry downturn.

Operating income rose to 6.6 trillion won (US$5.7 billion) in the three months
ended March, the world's largest maker of phones and memory chips said in
preliminary results released Thursday. That compares with the 5.53 trillion-won
average of analysts' estimates compiled by Bloomberg.

Samsung debuted its high-end smartphones in March, about a month earlier than
last year's, with sales of the S7 lineup estimated to have hit nine million
units during their first month - triple those of the S6 in the same time-frame.
Production of curved displays for its Edge version also went more smoothly this
time, avoiding the hiccups that plagued last year's wraparound-screen line while
holding down costs.

"The biggest reason for the sharply improved profitability is largely due to
much lower marketing spending for the mobile business," said Yoo Eui-hyung, an
analyst at Dongbu Securities Co. in Seoul.

"The big disparity between the earlier profit estimates and the latest revisions
stems entirely from the mobile business. The faster release surely helped but
it's dubious whether the S7 can continue to surprise the market in the longer
run."

Most of Samsung's revenue is in phones, a decelerating market in which it also
competes with Huawei Technologies Co. and Xiaomi Corp. Smartphone sales in 2016
are expected to rise by a single-digit percentage for the first time, according
to Gartner.

Samsung is continuing to reduce the number of phones in its lineup as it tries
to cut spending and focus on competitive devices. Total smartphone shipments for
the first three months were estimated at 78 million, compared with 82 million
units during the peak holiday quarter, according to four analysts surveyed by
Bloomberg.

"We expect Samsung's Galaxy S7 to be the world's bestselling Android smartphone
in 2016," said Neil Mawston, executive director at Strategy Analytics Inc.
"Samsung's range of lower-cost models, like the J series, is also selling well."

