

Samsung Electronics pledged Thursday to discover the reason behind Galaxy Note
7s catching fire to restore customer confidence in its products.

Mobile business President Koh Dong-jin promised in an email to employees to
'thoroughly investigate the fundamental causes so that all customers will be
able to trust Samsung's products and enjoy using them,' company officials said.

Koh's comment comes after Samsung Electronics decided to halt production, sale
and replacement of Note 7s after 59 days since its Aug. 19 release.

He also vowed to figure out the cause of reported fires in Note 7 replacements
and take the best action for customers.

Koh tried to console and encourage employees.

'We have quickly and courageously faced the biggest risk in our business
division ever during the last few weeks,' he said. 'I feel deeply sorry and
grateful to our employees for their consistent support and trust. We will regain
confidence and trust in our products by eliciting the causes even though it
takes time.'

When the problems first surfaced last month - forcing Samsung to announce a
recall - the company pointed to the battery cell as the main cause. But after
multiple reports about similar burning incidents happening in the replacement
Note 7s, the company retracted this and said the cause could be much more
complex.

According to industry sources, Samsung Electronics is holding an investigation
at its headquarters in Suwon, Gyeonggi Province, by collecting burned Note 7s.

Though Koh underlined restoration of customer confidence as the key reason why
the company is expediting the investigation into the causes of the fires, the
company also needs to urgently find a resolution to prepare for its next
flagship smartphone, expected to be the Galaxy S8.

Currently, Samsung Electronics is boosting production of the S7 series to
temporarily fill the absence of the Note 7. But rumors abound that the company
may unveil the S8 at the Consumer Electronics Show 2017 in January and roll it
out in February, which is earlier than the company's usual launching timeline.

Samsung Electronics declined to confirm anything about the S8's early release.

Analysts here warned that the company should not rush to launch the S8 until it
can guarantee consumers that similar problems will not occur.

'Launching the S8 earlier than planned is the last thing that Samsung
Electronics should consider,' HMC Securities analyst Noh Geun-chang said.
'Making sure that such an incident will never happen again through thorough
product quality checking is the most important thing now.' He added that the
S8's launch may be postponed amid negative images of the Note 7 lingering in
consumers' minds.

Samsung Electronics and mobile carriers SK Telecom, KT and LG Uplus started to
give refunds on Note 7s or replace them with other smartphones, Thursday. The
companies said they will provide a mobile shopping mall coupon worth 30,000 won
($26.7) and an additional 70,000 won as telecom subsidy for those who exchange a
Note 7 for other Samsung Electronics handsets including the Galaxy S7, S7 edge
and Note 5. Those who chose to replace their Note 7 with a non-Samsung handset
can still get the coupon, they said. In the United States, Samsung Electronics
is offering a gift card worth $25 for those who replace a Note 7 with the S7 or
the S7 edge.

The refund and replacement will be available until the end of this year, but is
not likely to continue afterwards, according to telecom industry sources.

Elliott's support?

U.S. hedge fund management firm Elliott Management, which owns 0.62 percent
share of Samsung Electronics, revealed its trust in the Korean smartphone giant
even after it ditched the Note 7.

In a statement Wednesday by its subsidiaries Blake Capital and Potter Capital,
the company said, 'The recent issues surrounding the Note 7, while unfortunate,
do not diminish our view that Samsung Electronics is a leading global technology
company with a world-class brand.'

It added, 'We believe that the company's forthcoming new leadership can build on
the company's initial response to this situation by adopting best-in-class
operational and corporate governance improvements.'

Elliott's comment came a week after its letter urging a drastic business
reorganization including dividing Samsung Electronics into separately listed
holding and operating companies.

'Now is the time for real shareholder value, corporate governance and
transparency improvements, which we believe will help Samsung Electronics
achieve equity market valuation that properly reflects its first-class portfolio
of businesses,' Elliott said in its Oct. 5 letter.

