

By tbreak Staff -

Alongside LG G5, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge are the next devices that were
showcased by the tech giant. Both smartphones are stacked with extremely
impressive hardware, and despite the fact that both of them differ in terms of
dimensions, both are mobile houses in terms of specifications.

First of all, the Galaxy S7 now comes with a 5.1-inch screen while the Galaxy S7
Edge has a bigger 5.5-inch screen. Samsung has also brought back the MicroSD
slot in a hybrid tray that can either support dual SIM cards or a SIM card with
an SD card. The body is now IP68 certified meaning it's dust and water-proof for
30 minutes in 1.5 meters water.

The back of the Galaxy S7 Edge receives a slight curve which makes the phone a
bit nicer to hold. Samsung has also reduced the camera bump to just 46mm. The
camera itself has received the biggest update features a F.17 lens 1.4um pixels
image sensor. Samsung is also calling the Galaxy S7 as the world's first dual
pixel 12MP sensor with 100 percent phase detection.

We tested the camera and it is incredibly fast to focus. Samsung claims the CPU
is about 30 percent faster and the GPU is 60 percent faster on the Galaxy S7
compared to the previous model. Battery capacity has also been increased with
the S7 featuring a 3000mAh battery and the S7 Edge a 3600mAh battery.

Also new is an always-on screen that can display time, calendar or some built-in
images. Samsung claims that the battery drain is less than 1 percent per hour
with the always-on screen. On the software side, the Edge panel is now wider and
supports third party integration so expect to see widgets for news and sports.
Samsung also supports folders like the iPhone now so you can drag and drop icons
to create folders. A Game launcher is also added that collects all your games in
its section while game tools allow you to disable notifications and buttons
without leaving a game.

If you want, you can check out our hands-on video with both handsets and tell us
what you thought.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/20/145618479195.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/78/145618479258.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/83/145618479273.jpg



