

[THE INVESTOR] Early this year, Samsung Electronics' marketing team was
preparing for the firm's most important launch -- the Galaxy S7.

It was a crucial juncture for the Korean tech giant. Its profits were hit hard
by lukewarm sales of the phone's predecessor, while rivals were fast gobbling up
market share of the world's largest smartphone-maker.

But the team didn't seek a safe option and decided to take risks.

Pio Schunker, senior vice president of marketing at Samsung's mobile
communications business division, speaks in a recent interview with The Investor
at the company's headquarters in Suwon, Gyeonggi Province.

Samsung Electronics

They launched the model in Barcelona at the industry's first virtual reality
unveiling event in February. Thousands of journalists and industry people were
treated with Samsung's latest Gear VR headset to watch a demo video.

Samsung sent a clear message that it was serious about VR. At the same time, it
was a marketing statement that showed "Samsung thinks and behaves differently."

Media reviews were explosive about the unprecedented experiment. Customers also
reacted positively. Sales of the Galaxy S7 and its Edge variant are expected to
reach a whopping 25 million units in the second quarter.

"Only we can do that on this scale," Pio Schunker, senior vice president of
marketing at Samsung's mobile communications business division, said in a recent
interview with The Investor.

"I'm surprised how bold this company is. It takes risks. And it allows you to
take risks."

The marketing expert with more than 25 years of experience joined Samsung in
April last year. Prior to Samsung, he worked for diverse global brands such as
Coca-Cola, Mercedes-Benz and American Express.

"It has been a great adventure," he said of his work at Korea's largest
conglomerate over the past year.

Thousands of journalists and industry people wear Samsung's Gear VR at a launch
event of the Galaxy S7 held in Barcelona in February. Samsung Electronics

He is currently splitting time in the US and Korea. The upcoming launch of a new
Note phablet in August is another key event for him but he declined to further
elaborate.

Calling himself a big fan of Korean food and films, he said he had always wanted
to work in Asia and for a tech company. But the most decisive reason why he took
the job offer was the company's vision that was briefed by the top management.

"The brief was so appealing. That was very hard to turn down," he said.

"They wanted me to make Samsung the most beloved iconic global brand and to make
it famous for marketing innovations as much as it is for technological
innovations."

Amid the company's renewed efforts to change its top-down, rigid corporate
culture under the slogan "Start-up Samsung," Schunker compared the company's
mindset and decision-making process with that of a start-up.

"We have both size and scale but we move at the speed of a start-up. That
combination is so different from any other big company," he said. "Its mentality
and mindset is also that of a start-up."

In the meantime, another competitiveness of Samsung, he pointed out, is the
ability to listen.

When he first arrived at the company, his mentor Koh Dong-jin, the company's
president and mobile chief, told him: "You have to listen more than you talk.
It's a Samsung culture."

He now knows the ability to listen allows to give the right answer not just to
colleagues but also to customers.

"The speed, the ability to listen and the boldness and risk taking that are very
fundamental values that absolutely differentiate us from our rivals," he said of
the enhanced competition in a fast-saturated market.

Samsung, among other things, is pinning high hopes on its technological prowess,
including its "phone-plus strategy" that aims to connect a phone with all
machines ranging from appliances to cars, in winning over more customers.

"Up to a certain extent everyone is going to copy products but we have a
constant disruption pipeline. No one can do that kind of disruptive innovations
that Samsung is beginning to do," he said.

And he knows his role at the ever-evolving tech company.

"Samsung is looking to rebrand itself. My role is to bring fresh perspective and
viewpoints to marketing and production innovation, etc.," he said.

When asked if there is any big push from the top brass, he responded: "I
sometimes feel the pressure. But that makes my job exciting and that's why I
took the offer."

By Lee Ji-yoon (

