

Thinkware Dash Cam F770

DASH CAM

$698, available this month

Car owners who want to capture footage around their car even when not driving
should get the Thinkware Dash Cam F770 in-car dashboard camera.

Its time lapse photography feature records continuously at one frame per second
after the car has been parked.A Super Night Vision feature is said to record
visuals that are up to 10 times brighter than conventional dash cams, in
low-light conditions.

Panasonic Toughbook CF-20

LAPTOP

From $5,178

Panasonic called its Toughbook CF-20 the world's first fully rugged detachable
laptop. It features a magnesium alloy chassis and design with a rating of
MIL-STD 810G, which means it passes the US Military Standard for ruggedness.

It can work as a regular laptop when attached to a keyboard, and as a tablet
when detached. It has a 10.1-inch touchscreen display with 1,920 x 1,200 pixels,
and enhanced brightness levels for outdoor users. It is powered by an Intel Core
m5-6Y57 vPro chip with Intel HD Graphics 515 graphics processor, and runs on the
Windows 10 Pro operating system.

Secretlab Titan

GAMING CHAIR

$699, available next month

Singapore gaming-chair maker Secretlab has unveiled its largest chair. The
Titan's large seat base and tall backrest can accommodate a person who is up to
195cm tall and 130kg in weight.

It is the first Secretlab chair to feature integrated adjustable lumbar support,
whereby turning a knob on the side of the backrest will allow users to control
the support for their lower spine.

Oppo A37

SMARTPHONE

$289

This entry-level 5-inch smartphone packs a punch with a quad-core 64-bit
Snapdragon processor and 2GB of memory.

Available in gold and rose gold, the Oppo A37 comes with 16GB of storage, which
you can expand by an additional 128GB with a microSD card. The expandable memory
slot sits alongside two additional nano-SIM slots.

It has a 5-megapixel front-facing camera and 8-megapixel rear camera with both
having a large pixel sensor size of 1.4 microns to capture more light, and thus
better image quality.

Samsung Gear Fit2

FITNESS TRACKER

$298

Samsung's new Gear Fit2 not only monitors your daily physical activities, but it
is also equipped with a built-in GPS to track your running, and a heart rate
monitor to measure your exercise intensity.

A 1.5-inch curved touchscreen display lets you to stay up to date with your
fitness goals as well as notifications when paired with a smartphone. It doubles
as a music player with 4GB of internal memory for your favourite songs.

Mophie juice pack for Galaxy S7 and S7 edge

SMARTPHONE BATTERY CASE

$139

Mophie has launched its first wireless-charging battery case with the juice pack
for Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge. The case is compatible with Qi and other
wireless charging standards like Samsung's wireless charge pads.

The juice pack uses Mophie's proprietary Impact-Isolation System for extra
cushioning to the edges and corners of your S7 or S7 edge. Its 3,300mAh
rechargeable battery is said to provide an extra 60 per cent battery life.

Compiled by Trevor Tan

