

By MARK FURLER

in Barcelona

IF YOU think your house is already swimming with mobile devices, you ain't seen
nothing yet.

Tech giants Samsung, LG, Huawei, Sony, Microsoft, Intel, Qualcomm and more have
unveiled a mind-boggling array of new gadgets at Mobile World Congress in
Barcelona.

The event is the mobile phone industry's biggest gathering with more than 95,000
people checking out new products and prototypes from more than 2000 exhibitors.

LG arguably stole the show with its super bright "it's time to play" display.

The Korean giant launched its new G5 phone with a removable battery and super
wide 135-degree camera.

But it's the line-up of accessories that go with it that has everyone talking.

They're called Friends and apparently the more you have, the happier you will
be. You even have a Friends Manager app on your phone to quickly connect and
control them all.

Top of the range is the Rolling Bot, a ball-shaped drone that can take photos
and video, chase your cat, tease it with a red laser on the floor, or remotely
control your TV and audio equipment.

It hooks up to your wireless network at home and can be controlled via your G5
from anywhere you have a connection.

The built-in camera can shoot 1080p video or 8-megapixel stills and it comes
with 512MB of RAM, and a bundled 16GB microSD card. It is expected to sell for
about $US500 later this year.

LG's range also includes a VR headset which is a lot slimmer and lighter than
Samsung's Gear VR. There's also a new attachment to your phone for photography
that includes easier controls and extra battery life.

LG also unveiled a 360-degree camera and plug-in module developed by Bang &
Olufsen to deliver high-end 32 bit DAC sound to your phone via a headset or your
home stereo.

But when it comes to phones, Samsung's spectacular Galaxy S7 and S7 edge will be
hard to beat in 2016.

The S7 features one of the best cameras ever released with extreme low light
capabilities and super quick focus.

The new Galaxy edge has a stunning curved display, better battery life, water
and dust resistance and the return of the microSD card. More on the S7 on our
website.

Samsung too has its own clever little ball which is designed to capture 360
degree vision from two 180 degree cameras shooting images of up to 15
megapixels.

Its video capability is just shy of 4k quality.

What makes the Gear 360 particularly clever is the way you can stitch images and
video from the two cameras together on your Samsung smartphone.

You can even share it straight to a Gear Virtual Reality headset or to others
via 360 capabilities in Facebook and YouTube.

Samsung and Facebook see 2016 being the year of an explosion in virtual reality
devices and 360-degree videos.

Those who order the S7 in the next couple of months will be given a Gear VR
headset worth more than $150.

