
DATELINE: Nepal


Nepal, March 9 -- Samsung Electronics Nepal Wednesday launched Samsung's new
flagship phones -- the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge -- priced at Rs 77,900 and
Rs 88,900 respectively in Nepal.

Addressing the launching ceremony, Pranaya Ratna Sthapit, HHP Division Head of
Samsung Electronics Nepal, said Samsung believed in a world which was brighter,
sharper and convenient, and strived to deliver on that vision with the Galaxy S7
and S7 Edge phones.

"Both the phones bring elegant design with functionality and provide seamless
mobile experience," Sthapit said.

Company officials also said the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge coupled sleek design with
powerful performance, including advanced camera features, water resistance and
external memory.

According to the company, both the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge introduce the
first dual-pixel camera on a smartphone, delivering brighter and sharper images
-- even in low-light conditions.

The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and the 5.5-inch Galaxy S7 Edge are constructed with '3D
glass' and metal, all in a sleek design, according to Samsung.

Importantly, both phones have increased utility with IP68 water and dust
resistance.

Both Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge are powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 820
processors. Likewise, both phones feature 12-megapixel main cameras and
5-megapixel front cameras.

While the Galaxy S7 runs on a 3,000 mAH battery, the Galaxy S7 Edge sports a
3,600 mAH battery.

Samsung Electronics Nepal also opened pre-booking of the phones on Thursday.
Pre-booked phones will be delivered in about two weeks' time, it said. Samsung
is also offering choices of free gifts for those who pre-book their phones now,
including the Samsung Gear VR virtual reality goggles (a collaboration with
Oculus VR) which works on which the Samsung mobile devices are mounted, and a
bag.

The company also unveiled a 'Limited Edition Pack', which includes the Gear 2 --
a smartwatch, and the Level U wireless earphones. Available for limited period,
the pack includes two packages. At Rs 122,000, Samsung is offering a Galaxy S7
Edge, a Gear S2 Classic and a Level U with a 'genuine leather bag worth Rs
20,000' free. Similarly, at Rs 108,000, Samsung is offering a Galaxy S7, a Gear
2 and a Level U plus the leather bag free.

Samsung mobile phone enjoys 55% share of the domestic mobile market

Samsung's flagship phones have always come with new and exciting features. What
is new on the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge?

Samsung has always tried to give a different taste to its customers in its
flagship as well as other phones.

In the case of the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge, we have made these phones
slimmer compared to our previous flagships.

Moreover, Samsung has incorporated the best camera in these devices. In fact,
these phones introduce the first dual-pixel cameras on smartphones. Similarly,
battery has been improved and size of maximum external memory has been extended.
Similarly, IP68 water and dust resistance features are also major attraction on
these devices.

Both Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge are high-end phones. Do you have any Equated
Monthly Installment (EMI) facility for customers?

Yes. Just a couple of days ago, we tied up with Laxmi Bank Ltd for this.
Customers can purchase both of these phones on installment and their installment
period will be a year. We are also seeking to tie up with other banks so that a
larger number of customers can benefit.

Though Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge share a number of common features, the Edge
costs a bit more. Why?

The basic features of both phones are quite the same. What makes them different
is screen-size and battery capacity. While the Galaxy S7 has a 5.1-inch QHD
Super Amoled display with 3,000 mAH battery, the Galaxy S7 Edge has a 5.5-inch
QHD Super Amoled display and a 3,600 mAH battery. We tried to offer two sizes of
smartphones with almost common features to address the needs of varied
customers.

Do you have any launching offer for these flagships?

We have announced pre-booking of both these smartphones from Wednesday itself.
As a launching offer, every pre-booker will get a genuine leather bag worth Rs
20,000 or a Samsung Gear VR worth Rs 13,900 for free.

A number of new mobile brands have come to Nepal. Has this not made the mobile
device market more competitive, especially for Samsung?

It is good that so many mobile brands exist in Nepal today because it offers
different options for customers.

However, this has affected Samsung a lot less and Samsung Mobile's market in
Nepal is growing every year.

Today Samsung enjoys a 55 percent share of Nepal's mobile device market. Samsung
Mobile's market is constantly growing because of different peculiar technologies
that Samsung has and because Samsung has always tried improving the benchmark it
set earlier.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Republica. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

