

NEW DELHI:will unveil its new flagshipand S7 edge smartphones to the Indian
market on March 8, a spokesperson has told TOI Tech. The two devices will be
showcased in the country at an event in New Delhi and will hit the stores soon
thereafter.to get the new Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge. Both smartphones
wereindustry conference in Barcelona in late February.READ ALSO:There is no
official word on the India prices of the two smartphones, but they are expected
to be priced between Rs 50,000 and Rs 60,000 at the time of the launch.in the
Indian market.

Apple, whose iPhone 6S and 6S Plus compete with the two Samsung smartphones, is
considering reducing prices of some models and has set aside a counter-marketing
budget.READ ALSO:Both Galaxy S7 and S7 edge smartphones sport similar hardware.
While the Galaxy S7 offers a 5.1-inch display, weighs 152 gram and is powered by
a 3,000mAh battery, on the other hand, the bigger S7 edge sports a 5.5-inch
display, 3,600mAh battery and weighs 5 gram more. The two new high-end
smartphones have a Quad HD Super AMOLED display with a resolution of 2560 x 1440
pixels.Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge run latest version of Google's Android
operating system, Marshmallow. The new flagship Galaxy smartphones will be
available in 32GB and 64GB internal storage options. Also, Samsung has finally
brought back the microSD card slot. They now support up to 200GB microSD
cards.READ ALSO:Galaxy S7 and S7 edge will be available in two different
processor options, depending on the region -- Exynos 8890 64-bit octa-core
(2.3GHz quad-core + 1.6GHz quad-core) processor or Qualcomm Snapdragon 820
64-bit quad-core (2.15GHz dual-core + 1.6GHz dual-core) processor. Also, Samsung
has incorporated liquid cooling technology to counter heating issues. The new
phones come with 4GB LPDDR4 RAM.On the camera front, they come with a 12MP dual
pixel f/1.7rear camera with smart OIS and a 5MP selfie shooter. Other features
include 4G support (LTE Cat 9), fast-charging and NFC and MST for payments. The
devices will be available starting mid-March. Prices to be announced later.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

