

Samsung's latest large-screen phone, the Note 7, is the newest addition to the
stylus-toting premium phone line. Samsung provided The Washington Post with a
review device. Overall, this phone is gorgeous and a productivity machine. But
its high price tag may put some people off.

In terms of features, the Note 7 offers smartphone users the full package.
Samsung's screens are known to be stunning, and this phone is no exception, with
deep blacks and bright colors that give a vivid - if not always natural -
picture.

Its 5.7-inch screen is noticeably big, making video viewing a pleasure. Even
with a big screen, the phone doesn't feel too bulky in hand. I'm a rather small
person, and while I definitely can't tap the top of the screen while holding the
phone one-handed, it didn't feel too heavy to use. The phone's call quality was
good, as was the overall audio performance.

The Note 7 boasts a battery life similar to the Galaxy S7. I didn't get as much
time with this device as I have with others, so it's hard to determine the
accuracy of that claim. But I feel safe saying that the Note 7 will get you
through a normal day of use. But if you're doing something battery intensive -
say, playing Pok√©mon Go - you may still want to take an extra charger.

Like its older siblings, the Note 7 can be charged wirelessly using Samsung's
charging pad. It also has a "fast charging" mode that gives you a lot of juice
in a short period of time. One key difference, however, is that the Note 7 has a
USB-C charger. The upside of this is that you can plug the cord in either way -
the cord will never be upside-down for the port. The downside: You can't use
cords from your older Samsung devices to power it up directly.

The Note 7 also boasts a waterproof design. I dunked my review unit in the sink,
and I also used it (with the stylus, even) under running water with no ill
effects. I wouldn't make a habit of using it underwater - the phone displays a
warning if the power port gets wet - but you don't have to freak out if you drop
your phone in a puddle.

The retina scanner

One of the big new features on the Note 7 is a retina scanner. To activate it,
you  swipe up from the lock screen. When you scan your eyes, an LED light blinks
- but don't worry, it doesn't blind you. The phone still scanned fine with my
contacts and my glasses, although it took a little longer with the glasses.
Still, it was faster than typing a password - and the phone still asks you to
set up one as a backup.

Is the retina scanner any better than the fingerprint scanner? Honestly, not
really. The retina scanner works well, but so does the fingerprint scanner. This
is a big phone, so the retina scanner does make unlocking it feel a little more
stable, but if you're happy with using your fingerprint you probably won't see a
compelling reason to switch.

The pen

The standout feature of the Note line in general is the S Pen, or stylus, that
tucks neatly into the bottom of the smartphone. Samsung has made the pen more
and more useful over the years.

The pen is fast and fluid, and it's almost as good as taking notes by hand in
terms of responsiveness. I'm still faster with pen and paper, but it's hard to
deny the convenience of being able to jot down a note on your phone. The Note 7
(like its predecessor) also lets you take notes directly on the lock screen, in
case you have to write something down very quickly.

As com             pared to ...

Many reviews have hailed this as Samsung's most beautiful phone yet, and that's
a fair assessment. I'd agree that the Note 7 is, all around, better than the
Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge, just in terms of its features.

In terms of performance, the Note 7 is on par with the top smartphones out
there. There is a video going around showing the iPhone 6S beating the Note 7 in
a speed test. My own benchmarking gave the out-of-the-box Note 7 a slight edge
over my year-old iPhone. In practical terms, I noticed that the Note 7 opens
and, in particular, switches between programs with less snap than the iPhone or
the Galaxy S7 - but not enough to call it "lag."

Not to mention, a phone's worth isn't solely in its numbers. It's hardly enough
to discount what is an otherwise gorgeous phone. Its only real drawback? The
price. The Note 7 is up to $900 unlocked, although carriers are offering deals
of their own. At that price, you may reasonably expect it to blow past all other
competitors. And while it edges out other phones on the market, that price tag
could give you pause.

hayley.tsukayama@washpost.com

