

NEW DELHI: Mobile phone retailers and industry insiders reveal Samsung's Galaxy
S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge models have had massive success in India just after
launch, which can potentially catapult the South Korean company to the front of
the premium devices segment, outpacing rival and pack leader Apple.

Retail channels saidhas sold over 60,000 S7 models within a month of launch -
roughly twice the number of its predecessor S6 in the same time. Analysts said
the strong initial demand could well put Samsung in the lead in the April-June
quarter in the premium segment, outpacing current leader Apple Inc.

, which held the No 1 spot in the October-December quarter, launches a smaller
screen rival, iPhone SE, on April 8, but that hasn't generated any buzz among
consumers, retailers told ET.

"We believe S7 series, in the April-June quarter, will help Samsung strengthen
and occupy pole-position in the Indian premium smartphone market, looking into
the seasonality cycle of iPhone 6s series and lukewarm response to new Apple
iPhone SE," said Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at Counterpoint Research.

The research firm's initial estimates for sell-in (stocks going to distributors)
for initial two weeks suggest a 65% on-year increase for Galaxy S7 series in
India, compared with Galaxy S6 series last year.

According to some large format retailers,series has soared since launch, far
higher than what they saw for the S6, which was launched last year. Some said
their stocks have dried up due to high demand.

The sales spurt will help Samsung cement its position against Apple, and as a
result, the segment is expect to grow 60% on-year in the second quarter this
year, Pathak said.

Industry executives aware of the demand-supply gap said orders for about 20,000
phones are in the pipeline, and of the total sales so far, about 80% belong to
the higher quoting Galaxy S7 Edge.

"Galaxy S7 and S7 edge are receiving a great response from our customers with
pre-orders which are almost double than that of the Galaxy S6 and S6 edge," said
Manu Sharma, VP-product marketing at Samsung India Electronics.

The strong pre-order performance for the new Galaxy S7 and S7 edge illustrates
strong customer appetite for our premium smartphones in India, he added.

Industry executives, who did not wish to be named, said the company was doubling
shifts at its Noida plant to ramp up supplies. Samsung didn't comment on this.

"Demand for the Galaxy S7 has been very good and we don't have enough stock to
meet orders," said Subhash Chandra, managing director of Bengaluru-based
Sangeetha Mobiles.

Samsung launched the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge in India on March 18, priced
Rs 48,900 and Rs 56,900, respectively. The company has been bundling or giving
sharp discounts on VR headsets along with the devices.

On the other hand, sales of the iPhone SE are set to begin on April 8. The
models are priced at Rs 39,000 for 16 GB and Rs 49,000 for 64 GB.

Although Apple has started taking pre-orders, retailers in Delhi said the pace
at which inquiries were coming in indicated tepid demand. "The response has been
very lukewarm, unlike what we usually see," a Delhi-based retailer said, asking
not to be named.

Apple has not shared global sales numbers for the iPhone SE, which went on sale
on March 21. The iPhone maker is not planning a midnight launch for the iPhone
SE in India, a person aware of the company's plans said, pointing out that this
was not a flagship product of the company.

On a global level, Samsung has sold about 10 million S7 series units in its
launch month in 40 countries mapped by Counterpoint Research, which is 25%
higher than S6 series. In the US, sales are up 30%, Western Europe up 20% and
China 10% higher than the S6.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

