
DATELINE: New York



 Seoul/Sydney: Recovery in the smartphone business is likely to be short-lived
despite Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.'s (SEC, A+/Stable) stronger-than-expected
1Q16 results, and its semiconductor business will face challenges which may
pressure profitability over the long term, says Fitch Ratings.





 Strong sales of SEC's new flagship model - Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge -
boosted operating performance in 1Q16. The handset margin improved to 14%, the
widest since 2Q14. However, we think that a meaningful improvement in the
smartphone business over the long term is unlikely due to ever-increasing
competition and narrowing product differentiation as lower-cost competitors'
handsets improve. We expect handset margins to decline, reflecting greater
competition and weaker demand growth.



 The slowing market growth for both DRAM and NAND will gradually affect SEC's
semiconductor business over the long term, although we expect the company will
continue to maintain a leading position in the memory sector with its advanced
technology. SEC, the second-largest player in the global semiconductor industry,
is the only company which improved operating profit among the top manufacturers
in 1Q16, despite the seasonal weakness in demand and a decline in the price of
PC DRAM. Enhanced product mix, yield improvement in V-NAND and favourable
foreign-exchange impact helped SEC secure a solid EBIT margin of 23.6%
(1Q15:28.4%).



 Overall, SEC's 1Q16 revenue and operating profit increased to KRW49.8trn and
KRW6.7trn, respectively, from KRW47.1trn and KRW6trn in 1Q15. The EBIT margin
also improved to 13.4% compared with 12.7% in the previous quarter.



 We continue to believe that SEC will be the major beneficiary of the increasing
adoption of organic light-emitting diode (OLED) displays in smartphones, as the
company is a pioneer in this segment with technology leadership. The
first-quarter results revealed that its OLED business remained resilient amid a
structural decline in the liquid crystal display (LCD) industry, compensating
for operating losses in large-size LCD business. Possible use of OLED displays
by Apple Inc. could further boost demand for OLED panels. However, SEC's display
division turned in an operating loss in 1Q16, and revenue fell by 12% yoy.



 Samsung's 'A' category credit profile is clearly supported by its technology
leadership, respective dominant market positions, and a well-diversified
business portfolio, which help to mitigate earnings fluctuations to a certain
extent. However, risks to its ratings remain from the volatility inherent in its
core operations, particularly the cyclicality of its semiconductor and display
panel businesses - as well as the rapidly changing fortunes of global handset
manufacturers.

