

Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus have finally arrived in Malta and are
exclusively available at all Vodafone retail outlets. Vodafone is the official
Apple representative in Malta.

"We are extremely excited to offer our customers even more choice in the shape
of the new iconic iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus," said Luan Vella, Terminals Senior
Executive. "With our high speed and reliable network and our great value plans,
Vodafone customers can be assured of a great experience at great value. We are
also particularly pleased that the arrival of the iPhone 6 coincides with
Vodafone's roll-out of 4G to our prepaid and contractual customers, so they can
get full benefit from the iPhone 6 experience thanks to the much faster download
speeds that 4G offers"

Vodafone is pleased to offer the best prices on the market, with the iPhone 6
costing [#x20ac]739, or just [#x20ac]149 with Vodafone RED premium plans for the
16GB model, and the iPhone 6 Plus priced at [#x20ac]849 or just [#x20ac]199 with
Vodafone RED premium plans for the 16GB model.

The iPhone 6 is available in grey, gold and silver. It has a 4.7 inch display
that is the largest ever on offer and also features brilliant colour and higher
contrast at even wider viewing angles with its 1334 x 750 resolution. It runs on
iOS 8, the world's most advanced mobile operating system, and includes the all
new A8 chip that can sustain higher performance than the previous A7 chip. This
allows giving customers the luxury of playing graphics-intensive games and
enjoying video at higher frame rates for longer than ever.

The iPhone 6 Plus also comes in grey, gold and silver Â and features a 5.5 inch,
1920 x 1080 resolution screen. It operates on an A8 64-bit ARM with M8 motion
coprocessor, which is a remarkably small and efficient chip which is able to
deliver incredible performance with up to 50 per cent more energy efficient than
the A7 chip. Another feature is Metal, a new technology that lets developers
create highly immersive console-style games on iPhone and which is optimised to
allow the CPU and GPU to work together to deliver detailed graphics and complex
visual effects.

For further information on the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, visit one of
Vodafone's retail outlets across Malta and Gozo, call 247 from a Vodafone line
or 9999 9247 from any other line, visit www.vodafone.com .mt or log onto
Vodafone Malta's Facebook Page.

