

New Delhi: Redington India has announced it will offer iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus at leading retail outlets across India beginning October 17, 2014 at 12:01
am. Customers can pre-book both models at the leading retail outlets.

The iPhone 6 is priced at Rs. 53,500/- for the 16GB model, Rs. 62,500/- for 64GB
and Rs. 71,500/- for 128GB. The iPhone 6 Plus is priced at Rs. 62,500/- for the
16GB model, Rs. 71,500/- for 64GB and Rs. 80,500/- for 128GB.

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus features 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch Retina HD displays,
and are packed with innovative technologies in an all-new dramatically thin and
seamless design. The new iPhones feature a precision unibody enclosure of
anodized aluminum that conforms seamlessly with the shaped glass of the display,
resulting in a completely smooth and continuous surface.

Packed with innovative new technologies, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus include the
Apple-designed A8 chip with second generation 64-bit desktop-class architecture
for blazing fast performance and power efficiency; advanced iSightA and FaceTime
HD cameras; ultrafast wireless technologies; and Apple Paya, an easier way to
simply and securely make payments with just the touch of a finger. Both models
include iOS 8, the latest version of the world's most advanced mobile operating
system.

Redington provides end-to-end supply chain solutions for all categories of
Information Technology products (PCs, PC building blocks, networking, software
and enterprise solution products) and Consumer and Lifestyle products (Telecom,
Digital Lifestyle products, Entertainment products and Digital Printing
Machines) to over 100 international brands and relationship with major brands
have been for years.

With its corporate office in Chennai, it has 56 Sales locations, 70 owned
service centres and 292 partner service centres across India. In addition,
through its subsidiaries both in India and overseas, Redington has 78 Sales
offices, 104 warehouses and 109 own service centres and 310 partner centres. A
team comprising of over 2200 highly skilled and committed professionals helps
the Company deliver its products and services to every corner of the country.

