

Sept. 15--Apple's new pair of iPhones definitely got bigger, but whether they
got better is entirely up for debate.

When they hit stores on Sept. 19, the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will
certainly offer improvements over the generation of iPhone 5 models. The 6 and 6
Plus will respectively have 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch displays, larger than the
current 4-inch screen. Notably, both phones will be thinner than the iPhone 5,
with a rounded, more comfortable design. They'll also boast longer battery life.

Both also will have a brand-new 8-megapixel camera, which now has phase-detect
autofocus, a feature that's only recently come to digital cameras without
mirrors. The camera will perform far better in low light, and the iPhone 6 Plus
will shoot video at up to 240 frames per second for creating super slow-mo
shots. The front-facing camera was also given some major upgrades.

Of course, the reason many Apple lovers will make the upgrade is because the
iPhone will run on the clean and basic but advanced iOS 8.

Apple plans to sell the larger 5.5-inch model starting at $299 with a two-year
carrier contract, higher than the $199 price for its current high-end iPhone 5S.
The company says the 4.7-inch iPhone will start at $199 with a contract.

"Today, we are launching the biggest advancement in the history of iPhone,"
Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook said at the unveiling event on Sept. 9, in which
the Apple Watch smartwatch and the pay system Apple Pay also were announced.

Like any big Apple rollout, however, criticism didn't trail far behind. Many
felt that the iPhone 6 was merely playing catch-up with large smartphones like
the Samsung Galaxy Note 4. Some even joked that the new iPhone 6 had almost
identical specifications and features as LG's Google Nexus 4, which was released
nearly two years ago.

There was definitely some truth behind the snide remarks.

The lack of a large screen was becoming a liability for Apple as it tried to
keep its grip on the high-end smartphone market. According to market research
firm Canalys, phones with screens larger than 5 inches accounted for nearly 40
percent of global smartphone shipments in the second quarter of 2014, up 19
percent from a year earlier.

Apple's main smartphone rival, Samsung, pushed aggressively into larger-size
smartphones, using its bigger screens as a key differentiator from the iPhone.
According to Canalys, Samsung is the leading seller of smartphones with screens
of 5 inches or larger, grabbing 34 percent of the market.

So now we arrive at the billion-dollar question: Can the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus reach past the Apple loyalists and regain dominance in the smartphone
market? Here's a sample of what consumer technology experts have had to say.

David Pogue, Yahoo! Tech: "The Android/iPhone religious war will certainly
continue. Each of these ecosystems locks you in, making you grouchy about the
opposing camp's attractive features. But if it's too inflammatory to say that
the iPhone 6 looks fantastic, let's at least say this: Apple fans who'd been
looking longingly at the big-screen progress in Android phones will no longer
feel left behind."

Jean-Baptiste Su, Forbes: "'No one's going to buy a big phone,' mocked Steve
Jobs when asked about large smartphones at a press conference. ... Needless to
say, there's one thing I think we can all agree on: Steve Jobs is probably
rolling in his grave right now."

Rob Enderle, technology analyst: "The iPhone 6 is an attractive me-too product,
but nothing to pull you across. There's no revolution here and Apple is losing
its innovative soul chasing after Android and Windows rivals with bigger-sized
iPhones, while still lagging on fundamental features like screen and camera
resolutions and inductive charging."

Angela Watercutter, Wired: "Amidst all the hoopla over the new iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus and their motion processors, faster CPUs, and larger screens, it
was also announced that Apple's latest smartphones would have a much better
camera. And while that's great news for those looking to take less-wack selfies
at the bar, the new video features that come along with it mean something else:
a high-quality camera filmmakers -- and those who aspire to be -- can keep in
their pockets.

Jan Dawson, Jackdaw Research: "The new phones should dramatically expand the
size of the opportunity for the iPhone, which has been artificially limited by
its small screen size. The iPhone will now definitely have its largest quarter
ever."

Eugene Kim, PCMag.com: "Apple was obstinate in the face of market forces for
years, but with the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, it appears ready to admit that people
want bigger phones. Samsung had a healthy head start, and it certainly has a
winner in the Galaxy S5. We're not calling this one until we get the new iPhones
into our labs."

Shea Conner can be reached at shea.conner@newspressnow.com Follow him on
Twitter: @stjoelivedotcom.

___ (c)2014 the St. Joseph News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) Visit the St. Joseph
News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) at www.newspressnow.com/index.html Distributed by
MCT Information Services

