

Bloomberg

San Francisco

Apple has got the latest iPhones' global introduction back on track with a
rollout in 22 countries, a glitch-free software update and backing from Consumer
Reports magazine tests that show the handsets are hard to bend.

Stress tests on the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, along with comparable smartphones from
competitors, showed that it took "significant force" to damage any of the
devices, Consumer Reports magazine said in a study published on its website.

In a sign that consumers were ready to overlook the smartphone's rocky first
week, long lines formed at stores as Apple introduced the latest iPhones to a
second wave of markets, including Russia, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab
Emirates.

The new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are Apple's most important products to debut this
year, leading a wave of gadgets that will go on sale, including new iPads and
the Apple Watch.

While Apple touted record 10 million sales of iPhones during the opening
weekend, the celebration was cut short by an iOS mobile-software update that
disabled cellular services, causing Apple's engineers to pull it back. The
company also had to respond to a social-media firestorm over claims that the
large-screen iPhone was susceptible to bending if sat upon.

"Apple customers are probably some of the most demanding customers in the
world," Francis Sideco, an analyst at IHS, said in a telephone interview. He
said that no news was good news, because "if they weren't fixed or if there were
new issues that had cropped up, we would have seen it."

About 600 people lined up late last week outside Amsterdam's Apple Store, with
400 customers at the Barcelona shop, the Cupertino, California-based company
said.

Apple on September 25 released its second fix, iOS 8.0.2, for its mobile
operating system, which is included in the new iPhones and available as an
upgrade for recent models. Apple also said that it had only received nine
customer complaints about bent iPhone 6 Plus devices.

Stress tests showed the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are as "tough" as other
comparable phones including HTC's HTC One M8 and Samsung Electronics's Galaxy
Note 3, Consumer Reports magazine said on its website.

"Our tests show that both iPhones seem tougher than the Internet fracas
implies," the report said.

Apple chief executive officer Tim Cook is counting on the new handsets, which
generate more than half of Apple's annual $171 billion (Bt5.5 trillion) in
revenue, to fuel sales growth. He is using the iPhone 6, which has an
11.9-centimetre display and iPhone 6 Plus with a 13.9-centimetre screen to push
into Samsung, HTC and other manufacturers of smartphones turf with jumbo-sized
screens.

Demand for Apple's new handsets has the company poised to sell more than 61
million iPhones in the last three months of the year, surpassing last year's
record 51 million sold, according to Barclays.

"People who want an iPhone are going to buy one, regardless of what the news
says," said Carl Howe, an analyst at 451 Research. "Given that they are
backordered in every country in which they are available, they will have no
problem selling them if they don't want the phone."

Sales are also set to pick up as the new iPhones become available in more
countries. The list expanded to also include Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland,
Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Netherlands, New
Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Qatar, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan and Turkey.

In total, the iPhones will be in 115 countries by the end of the year, Apple has
said.

Apple apologised for the early iOS glitches and said that fewer than 40,000
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus devices were affected by the iOS 8.0.1 problem that caused
users to lose cellular reception.

Software developers, whose livelihood depends upon creating applications for
devices such as the new iPhone, took the glitches in stride, saying it was a
normal part of the process.

"Every time Apple does anything, people complain because they are so big," said
Collin Donnell, lead iOS developer at Lovely, an online apartment finder. "I
haven't seen anything out of the ordinary."

Still, others were frustrated by the glitches.

"Most of those 40,000 people were probably developers, these are the guys who
are waiting for this because they need to check against public releases," said
Slaven Radic, CEO of Vancouver-based Tapstream Network, which helps developers
market their apps. "I know a number of them who got this bug. Your phone not
having cellular connectivity was a major problem for a lot of them. They didn't
know what to do."

