

Cardholders to Enjoy an Easy, Secure and Private Mobile Payment Experience

Paying with mobile devices is about to become even more Priceless[TM]. Today,
Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) unveiled Apple Pay that will enable MasterCard cardholders
to use their iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple Watch for everyday purchases.
MasterCard built the foundation for secure mobile transactions, so consumers can
use their cards when, where and how they want.

MasterCard worked with Apple to deliver a seamless and secure payment
experience. For consumers and merchants alike, that means that every purchase
made with a MasterCard using iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple Watch will offer
the security, benefits and guarantees of any MasterCard transaction.

Apple Pay transforms mobile payments with an easy, secure, and private way to
make purchases. By integrating Apple hardware, software and services, Apple Pay
creates a unique and incredibly intuitive experience for iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
and Apple Watch users. Owners of the new iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple Watch
will be able to use their MasterCard credit or debit cards from participating
banks directly through Apple Pay.

At a store, consumers can simply pay by just holding their iPhone near a
contactless reader with their finger on Touch ID and their transaction will be
authenticated. For purchases within an app, consumers will simply touch to pay
and authenticate with their fingerprint or passcode for a seamless experience
without having to enter their card number or leave the app.

"Apple has a long tradition of introducing breakthrough products with features
that really matter to people. Apple Pay, combined with MasterCard's payments
technology, gives consumers an easy, secure and private way to shop," said Ed
McLaughlin, chief emerging payments officer, MasterCard. "We have been a pioneer
of mobile commerce innovation for years - including the world's first
contactless and mobile payment solutions. We're thrilled that MasterCard
cardholders will soon be able to make payments from their iPhone 6, iPhone 6
Plus and Apple Watch, knowing that every purchase is secure and offers all the
same guarantees and benefits they've come to expect from using their
MasterCard."

Apple Pay will be made available for U.S. consumers via a free update to iOS 8
this October. MasterCard cardholders will be able to make simple and secure
payments in the apps of top merchants, as well as contactless payments at some
of the most frequented U.S. locations including major stores, restaurants,
transit providers, fuel and convenience stores, and all Apple Store locations.
One of the first to accept Apple Pay via iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple Watch
will be MasterCard's long-time partner Major League Baseball.

