

Apple today announced iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, the biggest advancements in
iPhone history, featuring two new models with stunning 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch
Retina HD displays, and packed with innovative technologies in an all-new
dramatically thin and seamless design. The new iPhones feature a precision
unibody enclosure of anodized aluminum that conforms seamlessly with [...]
The post Apple Announces iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus appeared first on tbreak.ae.

Apple today announced iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, the biggest advancements in
iPhone history, featuring two new models with stunning 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch
Retina HD displays, and packed with innovative technologies in an all-new
dramatically thin and seamless design. The new iPhones feature a precision
unibody enclosure of anodized aluminum that conforms seamlessly with the shaped
glass of the display, resulting in a completely smooth and continuous surface.
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are engineered to be the thinnest ever, delivering a
bigger display in a design that is still comfortable to hold and easy to use.

Packed with innovative new technologies, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus include: the
Apple-designed A8 chip with second generation 64-bit desktop-class architecture
for blazing fast performance and power efficiency; advanced iSight® and
FaceTime® HD cameras; ultrafast wireless technologies; and Apple Pay[TM], an
easier way to simply and securely make payments with just the touch of a
finger.¹ Both models include iOS 8, the latest version of the world's most
advanced mobile operating system, featuring a simpler, faster and more intuitive
user experience with new Messages and Photos features, QuickType[TM] keyboard, a
new Health app, Family Sharing and iCloud Drive[#x2120].

"iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are the biggest advancements in iPhone history,"
said Tim Cook, Apple's CEO. "The iPhone is the most loved smartphone in the
world with the highest customer satisfaction in the industry and we are making
it much better in every way. Only Apple can combine the best hardware, software
and services at this unprecedented level and we think customers are going to
love it."

For the first time iPhone is available in two new sizes: iPhone 6 features a
stunning 4.7-inch Retina® HD display with 1334 x 750 resolution, providing 38
percent more viewing area than iPhone 5s, while iPhone 6 Plus features an even
bigger 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 1920 x 1080 resolution, providing 88
percent more viewing area and nearly three times the pixels than iPhone 5s. The
Retina HD displays offer advanced technologies including higher contrast for
deeper blacks and dual-domain pixels for more accurate colors at wider viewing
angles.

With second generation 64-bit desktop-class architecture, the all-new A8 chip
offers faster performance and is more energy efficient, delivering higher
sustained performance with great battery life. With Metal[TM], a new graphics
technology in iOS 8, developers can take performance of the A8 chip even further
to bring console-class 3D games to iPhone. The A8 chip also includes a new,
powerful Apple-designed image signal processor that enables advanced camera and
video features.
Both models include the M8 motion coprocessor that gathers motion data from the
accelerometer, gyroscope, compass and the new barometer, which senses air
pressure to provide relative elevation. The M8 motion coprocessor can
continuously measure your motion data, even when the device is asleep, saving
battery life for fitness apps that use the sensors all day. With iOS 8, motion
data from M8 appears in the Health app so you can see how many flights of stairs
you've climbed, or how far you've walked or run. Developers can use CoreMotion
APIs that take advantage of M8 and HealthKit to create apps that help you take
better care of your health and fitness.

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus introduce Apple Pay, an easy way to securely pay for
physical goods and services in stores or apps with just the touch of a finger.
Users can pay securely and conveniently in stores by simply holding the phone
near the contactless reader while keeping a finger on Touch ID[TM]; there is no
need to unlock your iPhone or launch an app. With Apple Pay, you can also make
one-touch purchases within apps, without having to enter credit card or shipping
information. All payment information is kept private, encrypted and stored
securely in the Secure Element, a chip inside the new iPhones.



The iSight camera gets even better with a new sensor featuring Focus Pixels for
faster autofocus, making it easier to quickly capture any moment. iPhone 6 Plus
users will also benefit from optical image stabilization technology that
compensates for hand shake in low light and works with iOS 8 to reduce subject
motion. High-definition video on iPhone improves with faster frame rates up to
60fps for 1080p video and 240fps for slo-mo, as well as continuous autofocus,
cinematic video stabilization and time-lapse video. The FaceTime HD camera now
captures over 80 percent more light with a new sensor, larger f/2.2 aperture and
advanced new features including burst mode and HDR video.

With faster LTE download speeds of up to 150 Mbps, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
users can browse, download and stream content faster. The new iPhones also
support high-quality voice calls over LTE (VoLTE) as well as Wi-Fi calling.²
With support for up to 20 LTE wireless bands--more than any other smartphone in
the world--the new models make it easier to experience high-speed networks
around the world. Both iPhones also include 802.11ac Wi-Fi with speeds up to 433
Mbps and Bluetooth 4.0.³

The new iPhones come with iOS 8, the biggest release since the launch of the App
Store[#x2120], delivering a simpler, faster and more intuitive user experience
and new features including QuickType keyboard, a new Health app, Family Sharing
and iCloud Drive. With more than 4,000 new APIs, iOS 8 allows developers to
further customize the user experience with major extensibility features and
robust frameworks such as HealthKit and HomeKit. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
users also have access to the revolutionary App Store, which offers more than
1.3 million apps to iPhone, iPad® and iPod touch® users in 155 countries around
the world.

The post Apple Announces iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus appeared first on tbreak.ae.

