
DATELINE: Kathmandu


Kathmandu, Oct. 4 -- The release of Apple's latest iteration in the iPhone line
has been all the hype these last few weeks. There have been contrasting reviews
: some like the faster processor while others hate the removal of the headphone
jack. Some even complai

that Apple is playing catch-up with Android with features like water-resistance
and processor performance, but I think comparing iPhone to Android phones is
like comparing apples to oranges. Primarily

because, while both of them are smartphones, they fill totally different
spectrums of the smartphone industry. Android is more open to different kinds of
hardware, third-party apps and user tweaks while iPhones are limited to specific
hardware and the Apple eco-system. So, in my review today, we look at the iPhone
7, unadulterated.

With the iPhone 7, there are a lot of new features that Apple brings to their
line of flagship phones but there are a lot of compromises as well. The main
question here would be whether the compromises are worth the new features
implemented by Apple: currently the answer is no. The iPhone 7 still feels like
a prototype since a lot of its new features aren't really fleshed out and, for
it to actually find a ground, Apple needs to loosen up the noose a little bit.
But iPhones have always been trendsetters in the smartphone industry and it's
likely that most of the iPhone 7's features will bleed into other devices as
well (if Apple doesn't threaten to sue on patient claims).

At first blush, the iPhone 7 and the 7 Plus look exactly like the older iPhone 6
and 6s. The only distinguishing aesthetical change here would be the slightly
invisible antenna lines. On the older iPhones, the antenna lines were stark and
obvious; for the latest offering, Apple has tried to hide them by them bleeding
them into the edges of the phone. This makes for a more seamless design by Apple
but if you snap on a cover on top of the iPhone 7, it'll hardly be
distinguishable from the older iPhone 6. And much like the popularisation of the
rose gold colour by Apple on its iPhone 6 line, Apple has introduced the new jet
black colour for their iPhone 7 line as well. Although the jet black colour
looks polished and refined, it's a fingerprint magnet and is highly receptive to
scratches and dents which make the use of cover essential. The home button is
also not a physical button anymore and the elongated button reacts like a sensor
and works with the Taptic Engine to simulate a vibration jolt every time the

button is pressed. This feels like an unnecessary change since the tactile
physical button response of the older iPhone felt a lot better. Apple claims to
have made this decision to make the home button more customisable but since the
engine has not yet been adopted by most third-party app developers, it seems
redundant for now and even the Taptic response of the engine makes it feel like
the whole lower bottom of the iPhone 7 is a sending out a click response rather
than the button.

Performance wise, Apple new A10 Fusion processor works great. It outperforms
both the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge and the One Plus 3. It follows the same
architecture that Qualcomm has implemented on most of their recent processors,
the BIG.LITTLE technology that works for low performing cores for everyday
activities and high powered core for more CPU intensive tasks. The A10 Fusion
chip is a quad-core processor and utilised two high-powered cores and two
low-powered cores. This would mean that the iPhone 7 would perform faster than
the iPhone 6 line and achieves better performance at a lower power consumption.
But again, the performance does not increase by leaps and rather the performance
increment can be taken as a small step forward in comparison to the iPhone 6.
The higher powered cores don't kick in until the apps demand which would mean
that fluidity of the iPhone 7 would seem on par to that of the iPhone 6 during
daily use.

Apart from the performance increment, the iPhone 7 has a better camera and the
iPhone 7 Plus features a dual camera set-up. iPhone have always set the standard
in mobile photography and although other companies have been pushing for higher
megapixel sensors, none of them have been able to match the quality of photos
taken by an iPhone. Recently, though, Samsung S7 line has been able to produce
excellent quality photos and could take on the iPhone 6 in terms of picture
quality but matching Apple's image quality took Samsung years. With the iPhone
7, Apple has managed to improve image quality by implementing a faster f/1.8
lens but here too, the quality increment is nominal when compared to the older
iPhone 6. The iPhone 7 Plus does increase image quality drastically because of
the dual lens setup but Apple has disappointed me here too. While the pictures
the iPhone 7 takes are phenomenal, having access to two lenses would mean a host
of features but with the iPhone 7 Plus, it only amounts to a better zoom.
Optical zoom is good and all but looking at what other companies like Huawei
have managed to do with dual

lenses, the iPhone 7 Plus' zoom ability is just sad. Huawei's Honor 8 lets you
play with all kinds of optical effects like depth of field and focus
adjustments. Some companies with dual lens cameras even let you focus after the
shot has been taken. To me, the full capabilities of the dual lenses have not
been adopted by Apple and puts the dual lens setup of the iPhone 7 Plus to
shame.

Apart from the faster processor and the dual lens camera, the feature (or rather
the lack of) that has been turning heads is the removal of the 3.5mm analogue
headphone jack. Apple's always been confident about setting trends but the
removal of the headphone jack might not be a good thing. This severely limits
the number of ports on a portable device and having to use the
lightning-to-3.5mm converter is a hassle. They're small and you can lose they
easily. Apple seems to be hinting at a completely wireless ecosystem but that
too is not properly fleshed out on the iPhone 7 because it does not feature
wireless charging. Even the enhanced Bluetooth support of the iPhone 7 is locked
into Apple's ecosystem. The company's new flashy pairing support is only limited
to their W1 compatible audio products which means that every other audio system
will have to suffer through the same snags that Bluetooth pairing entails. This
is very disappointing because Apple is taking away an industry standard port
claiming to pave the way for newer technologies but locking this new technology
only to the Apple ecosystem and not across the whole board just beats the whole
purpose. I would have defended Apple in this regard claiming that since
everything is going digital, getting rid of the analogue 3.5mm jack is zeitgeist
but seeing as how Apple has made a conscious decision to lock their new
technology to the Apple ecosystem just seems underhanded and wrong.

So, considering all of these claims, investing on an iPhone 7, especially at
this point in time, is not a very good idea. The phone looks like the iPhone 6
with additional cables and converters plugged into it and it does not bring
drastic performance increments to actually make the jump from an iPhone 6 to the
7. The loss of the headphone jack is also a big problem at this point of time
and would only mean that you'd have to keep track on one more (Bluetooth
headsets) device to charge up. Also using Bluetooth instead to cabled headphones
would mean quicker battery drain. The shortcoming of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone
7 Plus are just too stark for me to recommend it right not. The retina display
of the iPhone also seems pointless today since almost all flagships by other
manufactures come with 2k or 4k display resolutions at a higher pixel per inch
ratio. Currently, the iPhone 7 doesn't bring much to the table and even the new
feature that they have introduced feel rudimentary and impish at this stage.
Maybe waiting for the next iteration in the iPhone line would be a better call.

If your technological devices are giving you a hard time or if you're just
curious about certain technological questions, please drop us an email at
technopolis.tkp@gmail.com and we'll try to answer your questions as best we can.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from EKantipur.com. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

