

Sept. 19--A line of people snaked around Fayetteville's AT&T store counting down
until Friday morning when they got the first crack at purchasing the new iPhone
6 or iPhone 6 Plus.

"The only thing I didn't see was a gas grill," said Scott Legge, store manager,
who arrived at the store around 5 a.m. "People were lined up from the front door
to the back of the store."

Apple started selling the newest generation of the iPhone Friday morning. The
phones were launched in 10 countries Friday.

"There's a lot of excitement," Legge said. "Today, there's a significant number
of our customers interested in iPhones."

Legge said he anticipated lines, so he called in extra staff and had
refreshments waiting for the first customers in the door Friday.

Although the line had dwindled by lunchtime, several customers mingled in the
store testing the iPhones and talking to staff about tricks and tips for using
them.

Legge declined to say how many iPhones the store received or how many had been
sold Friday.

By noon, Tammy Tuttle said the iPhone 6 Plus model that she wanted was already
sold out. Instead, she opted for the iPhone 6.

The phone's larger screen was appealing to Tuttle, who takes photos of cakes she
creates for her business, T-Tuttlecakes, and posts them online. She researched
the phone for several days before stopping in AT&T.

"I'm a cake decorator and I take a lot of pictures," she said. "I have to edit
them and add the logo to give it a more professional look. I wanted the bigger
screen and more memory."

Brooke Sotero, of Fort Bragg, knew she wanted the new iPhone, but wasn't sure if
she wanted the Plus model, which has the larger, 5 1/2 inch display.

Sotero is usually holding a toddler on her hip and has to type and send text
messages using only her free hand, she said.

"I was looking online to order it, but I wanted to hold onto to see," she said.
"The Plus is too big, with all the kids stuff, it's hard."

Kerry Jenkins met his wife, Sherry, at the AT&T store on their lunch breaks
Friday to upgrade their phones. Jenkins said he has been a loyal Apple customer
since he purchased his first Mac computer in 1987.

He most recently had been using the iPhone 4, but wanted to take advantage of
AT&T's trade-in special, which gave him $200 credit toward the new iPhone if he
returned the iPhone 4.

Jenkins, who teaches graphic design at Methodist University, said Apple products
have always been standard in his industry. Aside from its business purpose,
Jenkins said he likes the ease of streaming music from his phone

"One of the reasons I like it is cause I've got iTunes, so my car can use my
phone to play my music," he said.

Earlier this week, Apple announced a record number of first day pre-orders of
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus with 4 million in the first 24 hours.

That's double the record set for iPhone 5, when Apple reported 2 million
pre-orders in its first 24 hours.

Staff writer Amanda Dolasinski can be reached at dolasinskia@fayobserver.com or
486-3528.

___ (c)2014 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

