

Apple's new varieties full of byte APPLE yesterday launched a war on three
fronts, with two big-screen iPhones to tackle the phablet threat, a
tap-and-touch payment system to kill your wallet and a wearable device it hopes
will rule them all.

Apple chief executive Tim Cook, who took over after the death of Steve Jobs
three years ago, used the words "one more thing" that Apple fans have craved
since first hearing it at the launch of the iPad in a presentation that the
Cupertino tech company sees as another potential turning point.

While the details of the new iPhones have been widely leaked, there were some
surprises including the name of the biggest phone in the Apple family: the
iPhone 6 Plus.

The iPhone 6 is a 4.7-inch phone and the iPhone 6 Plus is a 5.5-inch phone and
both allow Apple to follow the market trend of bigger is better.

The iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus will both have Near Field Communication, or
NFC, a wireless communication system that some Android phones embraced years ago
which enables people to pay for goods with a tap-and-touch of their phone at the
check-out of bricks and mortar stores.

The idea of using your phone at the check-out is not new but Apple is hoping the
deals it has made with American Express, Visa, and MasterCard, the major
American banks and a string of retailers will be enough for Apple Pay to take
off.

The payment system begins in America in October but there are no details yet
when it might be released in Australia.

Apple Pay puts Apple in direct competition with services like PayPal and Google
Wallet.

Users will pay by holding a phone close to a contactless reader with their
finger on the touch ID fingerprint system. It's also set to work with the Apple
Watch.

"Apple Pay will forever change the way we pay for things," said Mr Cook. After
years of rumours that Apple was working on a wearable device, the Apple Watch
was also unveiled yesterday.

The Watch will come in two sizes, a 38mm and a 42mm watchface, and three models,
all of which have interchangeable bands and will target consumers across a wide
range, from those wanting an activity tracker to those looking for an up-market
timepiece.

The iPhones will go on sale in Australia from September 17, with prices for the
iPhone 6 ranging from $869-$1129 for a 16GB to 128GB phone and to $999-$1249 for
a 16GB to 128GB iPhone 6 Plus.

The Watch will go on sale in the US early next year, with no word on Australian
availability and pricing.

5 THINGS APPLE DIDN'T TELL US - The Apple Watch has a battery that recharges at
night by touching a magnet to the back of it. Just how often it will need
recharging is anybody's guess. Our guess is every night.

- When does the Apple Watch come to Australia? It will be after Christmas but
how about early January? Nothing says Australia Day like a new smartwatch -
perhaps with an esky and thongs app.

- What will Apple Pay mean to Australians?

Apple has announced a bunch of US retailers and banks but no details of when it
will come to Australia and how it will work.

- Is an eight megapixel camera the ultimate in an iPhone camera? While the
iPhone 6 Plus, in particular, has some great new features, including a super
slow-mo rate and optical image stabilising, Apple is continuing to stick with an
eight megapixel camera. As Apple would say, it's not the size of your
megapixels, it's how you use them.

- While we were given stats on battery usage, one thing you can never learn in a
product launch is what battery use is like in real-world examples.The iPhone 6
and 6 Plus were said to have a battery life equal if not better than the iPhone
5S. Is that going to be good enough?

