

APPLE yesterday launched a war on three fronts, with two big-screen iPhones to
tackle the phablet threat, a tap-and-touch payment system to replace your wallet
and a wearable device it hopes will rule them all.

Apple chief executive Tim Cook, who took over after the death of Steve Jobs
three years ago, used the words "one more thing", which Apple fans have craved
since first hearing it at the launch of the iPad, in a presentation that the
Cupertino company sees as another potential turning point.

After years of rumours that Apple was working on a wearable device, the Apple
Watch was finally unveiled yesterday.

It will come in two sizes, a 38mm and a 42mm watchface, and three models, all of
which have interchangeable bands.

While the details of the new iPhones have been widely leaked, there were some
surprises including the name of the biggest phone in the Apple family: the
iPhone 6 Plus.

The iPhone 6 is a 4.7-inch (12cm) phone and the iPhone 6 Plus is a 5.5-inch
(14cm) phone and both allow Apple to follow the market trend of bigger is
better.

The iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus will both have Near Field Communication, or
NFC, a wireless communication system that some Android phones embraced years ago
which enables people to pay for goods with a tap-and-touch of their phone at
check-outs.

Apple hopes the deals it has made with American Express, Visa, and MasterCard,
the major US banks and a string of retailers will be enough for Apple Pay to
take off. The payment system begins in the US next month but there are no
details yet when it might be released in Australia and what banks, credit cards
and merchants will be involved.

After the unwanted media coverage of leaked naked celebrity photos - reportedly
stolen from iCloud - Apple was eager to point out that the payment details will
not be stored in the cloud.

Eddy Cue, Apple senior vice-president of internet software and services, said
that when you use Apply Pay, the person at the check-out won't get to see your
credit card number or security code, meaning your private information is more
secure than using a traditional card now.

Also, Mr Cue said, Apple would not receive information on your purchase. No
record would be sent to Apple about the purchase, the price or where you bought
it.

When shopping with the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus, you'll need
to log into the phone to prove your identity.

The iPhones will go on sale in Australia from September 17. Prices for the
iPhone 6 will range from $869-$1129 for a 16GB to 128GB phone and $999-$1249 for
a 16GB to 128GB iPhone 6 Plus.

They will also be available from Telstra, Optus and Vodafone with pre-orders
from tomorrow.The watch will go on sale in the US early next year, with no word
on Australian availability and pricing.

