
DATELINE: TAMPA



HIGHLIGHT:Â Hundreds line up to get the hottest new thing in their hands.


Twelve hours.

That's how long some people stood in line to buy the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus,
which hit store shelves Friday.

By 8 a.m. Friday, about 400 shoppers had lined up outside International Plaza
waiting for the Apple store to open. Lines also snaked around Verizon, AT&T and
other wireless stores across the region.

Many people hunkered down for the night in tents and folding chairs, dreaming
about the moment when the next-generation iPhone would be theirs.

"It's an energy drink day," said Dena Sehweil, a 19-year-old student from Hardee
County who arrived at International Plaza around midnight ready to spend $749,
plus tax, on the next big thing.

Demand for the iPhone 6 was as strong as, if not stronger than, it was for the
iPhone 5S in 2013, with stores drawing big crowds worldwide. Apple said Monday
that it presold a record 4 million new phones within 24 hours.

"This is Apple's Black Friday," said Amid Choueiri, 42, of Tampa, who spent the
night half-sleeping in a chair.

The new iPhones have bigger screens, thinner profiles and more-rounded corners
than previous models. "Wow, that's big" was the common refrain as Apple
employees offered guests in line sneak peeks of the phones, which have 4.7-inch
and 5.5-inch screens. Many compared it to that other phone, the Samsung Galaxy
Note 4.

Greg Rainha, 30, of Largo pre-ordered his phone on Sept. 12 and was first in
line to pick it up at Tampa's Apple store. He chose the smaller iPhone 6 because
he prefers to text and tap with one hand. He especially liked that it's
compatible with Apple's new mobile payment system, Apple Pay.

"It's so thin and comfortable in my pocket," he said.

Joel McGowan, 21, of Tampa came with his friends to buy an iPhone 6 Plus for
$399 with a two-year contract. He had been phoneless for a month after dropping
his iPhone in water and figured he would wait until the new one came out.

"I'm ready to get back on the grid," he said, calling life without a cellphone a
"First World problem."

Jim Thompson, 36, of Clearwater said waiting in line was worth it. The
big-screen iPhone 6 Plus will be perfect for his toddler daughter, who loves
watching Sesame Street on his phone through Netflix.

"I love the size and the weight, and the apps are so much faster," he said.
"It's an incredible phone."

Times staff writer Dan Sullivan contributed to this report. Contact Susan
Thurston at sthurston@tampabay.com or (813) 225-3110. Follow @susan_thurston.

* * *

PETER DORAN, 55, OF SPRING HILL

Favorite features on iPhone 6: "It's lighter, it's faster, it has a bigger
screen. The software is better with more bells and whistles, and Siri is a lot
more accurate and faster."

Least favorite feature: "Nothing. It's a huge step forward." Even waiting in
line for nearly 12 hours didn't bother him. "The time flew by. I met a whole
bunch of random people and kidded around. The camaraderie was awesome."

Grade: A+

* * *

AMID CHOUEIRI, 42, OF TAMPA

Favorite features on the iPhone 6 Plus: "When you turn it sideways, the apps
turn with it." He also likes the camera, with its 240-frames-per-second
slow-motion video capability.

Least favorite feature: The antenna lines on the back. "It's not on par with the
rest of the phone. It's not attractive."

Grade: B+

