

National telecom carrier, Globacom, has announced that over 2,000 subscribers
had so far pre-registered for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, Apple's two latest
devices that will soon be available for purchase at all GloWorld outlets
nationwide upon its formal launch in Nigeria this month.

The development followed the signing of an agreement between the telecom
operator and Apple's authorised distributor for Africa, Core Group.

According to a statement made available to journalists in Lagos yesterday,
Globacom is offering its customers the added advantage of bundling the devices
with the company's super fast Internet service, Glo Bolt.

The release from Globacom stated that buyers of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus from
any GloWorld outlet nationwide will enjoy the same after-sale support available
to buyers of the devices anywhere else in the world.

"When you purchase iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus from GloWorld outlets, you have
rest of mind, as you are sure of the genuineness and newness of the devices you
have bought," Globacom said in the statement. "In addition, you get the best
bargain possible for the devices and you don't have to worry about how to enable
their functionalities, as they come bundled with super fast Glo Bolt internet
service," the statement said. Globacom also said unlike the devices purchased
outside Nigeria or from the grey market in the country, the iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus obtained from GloWorld outlets have one year official Apple warranty, in
addition to other benefits accruable to original Apple products purchased from
authorised channels across the world.

"Nigerians will not have to travel to Dubai or the United States of America to
get genuine iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, thanks to Globacom. All you need to do
is to walk into any of our signature retail shops, GloWorld, our accredited
dealer outlets and Glo Zones in the country to get your genuine iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus," the statement said.

Globacom urged Nigerians to avail themselves of the opportunity and enjoy the
premium quality, reliability and speed of Globacom's robust 3G plus network, as
well as exciting data bundles.

