

Muscat: Apple fans in Oman will be able to lay their hands on the new iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus by the end of this month, according to traders.



"Apple fans will be able to experience the much-anticipated iPhones in a few
days. We have already received covers for both new iPhones. We have bulk
bookings for 150 pieces and are flooded with enquiries. Sales will be held
according to TRA guidelines," a trader at Smart Zone Trading in Qurum said.

"The anticipated price of iPhone 6 (16GB) is between OMR300 and OMR320," added
the trader.



Meanwhile, confirming the availability, Nawras, one of the telecom service
providers in Oman, tweeted that they are really excited about the iPhones and
customers will be able to get it from Nawras by the end of this month.

Apple unveiled two versions of the iPhones with bigger screens, improved
specifications and new features, overhauling its top-selling product, in an
event that gave the clearest sign of the company's product direction under Chief
Executive Officer Tim Cook on Tuesday.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, the thinnest iPhones ever made which support
long-term evolution (LTE) and voice over LTE across 200 carriers, will be
available in the US from September 19.

Pre-booking orders in that country will begin on September 12.

Meanwhile, traders in the UAE also confirmed that with the new iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus available in the UAE within this month, prices of the current
models are sinking, and sinking fast.

"We will be able to sell the iPhones by this month," said a UAE trader. As there
is only one premium seller in Oman, the rest of the sellers purchase the Apple
products from the UAE. We have booked hundreds of pieces with our UAE seller,
whom we are dealing with for the past eight years," said a trader in Muscat.

In Oman too, the prices of older iPhone models have dropped in anticipation of
the newer models coming into the market.

"The iPhone 5s (16GB) which was costing OMR242 on Tuesday has today (Wednesday)
come down to OMR234," said a trader in Muscat while adding that this usually
happens when a new iPhone is unveiled.

"It isn't so much that Apple drops it prices, but retailers, who are eager to
push out stocks of the previous version to make room for the newer devices," he
said.

Reporter can be reached at reji@timesofoman.com
 Muscat Press and Publishing House SAOC 2014

