

Apple's top-selling smartphone, the iPhone 6 Plus, is the must-have item in the
afterlife, too - and costs only 17 yuan (HK$21).

Realistic-looking paper versions of the phone were snapped up by young
mainlanders as offerings to the dead ahead of today's annual Ching Ming
festival.

One Shanghai trader, called Chen, said sales of paper versions of the iPhone 6
Plus had leapt tenfold as people prepared the offerings for the festival.

He said his online store, on the Taobao e-commerce website, offered many
different paper offerings that closely resembled real-life products, but the
paper iPhone 6 Plus was his bestseller.

Chen has sold 52 in the past few months, including 40 in the last couple of
weeks.

His white-paper iPhone 6 Plus, complete with paper USB charger cable and
adapter, costs 17 yuan. Other popular paper offerings include  a Mac laptop  for
40 yuan, and a Samsung Galaxy Note 4.

Chen also sells paper BMW cars, driving licences and - another "hot" item -
personalised paper car number plates.

"Personalised number plates are popular, too, as you must go to a Shanghai
auction to get one, so buyers are keen to give their ancestors a precious gift,"
he said.

A real personalised number plate can cost 90,000 yuan at an auction; Chen's is
just one yuan.

The burning of paper offerings, including fake money, is a traditional Chinese
ritual to honour the dead during the Ching Ming festival, when relatives visit
the graves of their ancestors.

Chen said the appeal of his offerings was that they looked just like the real
thing, and were made of high-quality paper. Traditional low-quality paper
offerings cost only a few yuan.

"People have grown tired of poorly made paper offerings and think that spending
a few yuan when paying respects to their ancestors is no big deal," he said.

Yet his products are not the most expensive on the market - not by a long way.

Han Dingyu, a consultant at Skea, a Taiwanese store making small, custom-made
paper offerings, said that this year there had been strong online demand from
mainlanders buying products, including paper apartments, cars - even golf clubs
- for the dead, which cost from NT$2,000 to NT$360,000 (HK$500 to HK$90,000).
Demand was so strong that his company hoped to open a store on the mainland, he
said.

Elsewhere, Henry Hong sells luxury paper offerings in shops in Guangdong and
Hong Kong, including a recycled-paper villa that costs just over 3,000 yuan.
Sales doubled in the leadup to weeks before  this year's  festival.

Hong said his customers were not necessarily the wealthiest people - rather
those intent on getting exactly what they wanted.

"A desire to fulfil the wishes of a loved one is the most important thing to
them," he said.

Yet all this realism has proved too much for some customers.

"Sometimes you feel quite upset as those costly items burn up in front of your
eyes, because they look so much like the real thing," one mainland microblogger
said.

