

It's been a tough week for Apple. After launching the iPhone 6, Plus and the
Apple Watch two weeks ago, selling 10 million handsets last week and being
announced as the UK's coolest brand, things were going great. And then things
suddenly went south.

First iOS8 bombed out, with many users complaining about the new operating
system, its many glitches and reports of dropped cellular service, prompting
Apple to pull iOS8. And then images of the iPhone 6 bending after being in
pockets, trended all over the world, so much so that #BendGate blew up all over
the internet, prompting numerous social media gags. There's even a fake campaign
about a new Apple product and other companies, like Kit Kat and competitors, LG,
which have a flex phone, have gleefully poked fun at Apple.

So, what causes the iPhone 6 Plus to bend? The iPhone 6 Plus is made out of
aluminium. Aluminium is a relatively soft metal and is fairly ductile and
flexible so, if enough pressure is applied, it will bend and move.

According to iMore, no part of either of the new iPhones has more than 0.64cm of
aluminium in any spot.

This means that, in areas of the phones that are weakest, it's possible it could
be susceptible to bending. This is noticeable in images, with many of the bends
occurring near the volume buttons and the SIM card slot.

But this is not a first for Apple and its iPhones. The iPhone 4, 5 and 5S were
met with similar complaints.

After days of silence, there might finally be a response from Apple sources
about BendGate. According to The Next Web, an Apple support employee told the
website during a web chat that there's a chance that iPhone 6 Plus phones may be
replaced. "That is 100 percent up to the Genius you speak with at the store.
There is a test called a Visual Mechanical Inspection that the device will have
to pass. If it is within the guidelines, they will be able to cover it. If not,
the replacement would be a paid one."

What a way for Apple's bubble to be burst, so soon after changing the tech
world, barely two weeks ago. - Daily Mail and Buhle Mbonambi

