

The new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus step up the smartphone game, writes Izwan Ismail

THE most anticipated smartphones in the market this year, the iPhone 7/7 Plus is
here. While the new phones may look identical to the iPhone 6/6 Plus, they are
actually different in many aspects, especially in the camera and performance
areas.

APPEARANCE

iPhone 7 and 7 Plus come with a 4.7 and a 5.5-inch screen respectively, same as
their predecessors.

The Retina HD display is now up to 25 per cent brighter and comes with the
cinema standard wide colour gamut. As a result, users can see more vibrant
true-to-life colours on the display.

As you may have noticed, the new phones do not have the 35mm audio jack and
antenna line.

When you hold the phones and start to use them, you may also realise that the
home button is no longer clickable. It is now replaced with a haptic button.
Initially, it may feel awkward to press the newly-designed button but you will
soon get used to it.

Users can also personalise the haptic feel of the home button by adjusting it at
the setting menu.

According to Apple, the haptic button is to enable the phones to be
water-and-splash resistant with IPV6 rating.

This is not the only area where the Cuppertino-based company has improved on.

The function buttons on both sides have also been redesigned with water-sealed
construction to make the whole phone water resistant. They also feel more solid
and durable now.

BIG ON CAMERA

The caera aspect is definitely the biggest improvement in the iPhone 7 series.

As rumoured, Apple has incorporated dual camera this time but only in the iPhone
7 Plus. The iPhone 7 still features one lens but both phones' cameras now have
been upgraded to a 12-megapixel sensor. The dual camera on the 7 Plus offers
users optical zoom and better depth of field. For example, if you're on camera
mode, you'll see a small "1x" symbol just above the shutter icon. By pressing
the symbol, the camera will give you 2x optical zoom. You'll also be offered a
further 10x digital zoom capability by swiping your thumb to the left.

LOW LIGHT CAPABILITY

The ability to take good clean shots, especially in low light conditions, is
also possible with a bright f/1.8 aperture compared to the previous f/2.2. This
is definitely a good news to those who love to take pictures and videos in this
condition. Apple has also included an optical image stabilisation and a six
-element lens to make it even better for shooting photos and videos in low
light. Pictures taken in low light conditions prove to be excellent.

Additionally, the use of Quad-LED True Tone flash on the phone create a more
natural look of the skin and with wide colour capture, photos and live photos
come with more detailed colour.

iPhone 7 also features an all-new 7-megapixel FaceTime HD camera for even better
selfies.

ADDITIONAL FEATURE

Another added bonus is the portrait feature, which is now available in Beta
version in iOS10.1 update. This feature enables users to separate the subject
and the background with bokeh, like those captured with a dSLR camera.

Although the camera capability of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus is good, I still feel
that Apple should allow users to control its camera in manual mode, by giving
them the freedom to adjust the settings of the camera, such as the apperture
value. This will allow more creativity.

PERFORMANCE

The use of quad-core A10 Fusion chip is handy when running graphically intensive
applications like games.

The high-performance cores are up to 40 per cent faster than the A9 in iPhone 6s
and up to twice faster than the A8 in iPhone 6.

With all the features, many may think that the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are
power-hungry devices.

However, that's not the case. With a full charge and normal daily usage like
social network access, surfing, taking pictures and video, I still have 50 per
cent battery life when I reach home from work. Basically, the battery can last
24 hours.

SOUND

The iPhone 7 comes with Apple EarPods, with a lightning connector since the 35mm
audio jack has been ditched. As for old headphones, you can still plug them in
using a 3.5 mm headphone jack adapter that comes with iPhone 7.

The iPhone 7 comes with stereo speakers, delivering two times the volume of
iPhone 6s and increased dynamic range.

Apple has also introduced AirPods as the wireless earphones. AirPods give users
the freedom that wireless headphones are meant to deliver.

CONCLUSION

Both phones come in three versions 32GB, 128GB and 256GB, with prices starting
from RM3,199 for iPhone 7 and RM3,799 for the 7 Plus.

There are five colours: Silver, gold, rose gold, black (new) and jet black
(new).

With all the features and new technologies, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are
definitely a good upgrade for Apple diehards.

( END )

