

NEW DELHI: Two iconic handset companies are set for a titanic clash on October
17, looking to cash in on festive demand ahead of Diwali. Samsung on Tuesday
unveiled its latest flagship Galaxy Note 4 device, which will go on sale from
Friday , when Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will also become available.

The Note 4 \xAD launched globally about a month ago is positioned to take on the
Apple iPhone 6 Plus on pricing, even as the Korean major's dominance of both the
overall phone market and the fast-growing smartphone segment faces a growing
threat from Indian handset makers.

The 5.7-inch screen Note 4 is priced at Rs 58,300, lower than the 16 GB variant
of the 5.5-inch screen iPhone 6 Plus, which is available at Rs 62,500 for
pre-order. The 16 GB variant of the iPhone 6 costs Rs 53,500 for pre-order.
"We're launching it at the briskest pace that we could get it to India, which
happens to be on October 17, which also brings in Diwali," said Asim Warsi, vice
president for mobile & IT at Samsung India, when asked if Samsung had
strategically decided to steal Apple's thunder in India in this premium segment.

"The Indian consumer is a very rational consumer. He will be a thrifty buyer
even if he has money, and will judge, compare and make a reasonably informed
decision," Warsi added.

Samsung will come out with 'affordability aids' such as EMI offerings, debit
card-based offers and non-banking finance options for consumers.

Analysts feel lack of innovation has been the Achilles' heel for Samsung in
recent times, which led to limited sales of its flagship Galaxy S5 smartphone,
although the company reiterates it met its internal expectations. The chaebol
expects an almost 60% decline in operating profit to $3.8 billion in the third
quarter of 2014, its fourth straight quarterly drop.

Samsung, though, is pegging the Note 4 as a huge technological advancement over
models launched in the past three years in the large-screen smartphone category.
It is also banking on loyalty and is expecting a majority of the over 1 million
Note users in India to upgrade, Warsi said.

The mobile phone maker has a 29% share of the smartphone market in India,
followed by Micromax with 18%. Samsung has 17% of the overall handset space in
India, while Micromax comes close with 14%, according to market research firm
Interna tional Data Corporation.

Samsung is looking forward to the October-December quarter, during which sales
of electronic and consumer products rise due to the festive season, gifting and
discounts. Warsi said Samsung is expected to clock sales exceeding the industry
growth of 2025% in this quarter because of devices launched in the entrylevel,
mid-range and high-end segments over the past few months. The company introduced
the Galaxy Alpha for Rs 39,990 last week.

About the war between online and offline retailers in India, especially in the
mobile phone space where websites offer bigger discounts than traditional
stores, Warsi said Samsung will sell from all platforms wherever consumers are
present.

"We've had engagements with online platforms since their inception, which will
continue.There is a visible growth in consumers shopping online, so we will be
available there. But we're not choosing channels," he said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

