

The one big problem with the enormous new iPhone

NEW YORK -- As I stood in line Friday at my local AT&T store, preparing to plunk
down $399 on Apple's next big thing, a fear crept into my thoughts: What if the
iPhone 6 Plus is too big to fit into my pants pocket? Am I going to have to
start carrying a purse?

This, of course, is not a novel problem. Half the smartphone-buying population
has been grappling with it stoically for years, because the pockets on women's
clothing tend to be Lilliputian. Only with the growing popularity of "phablets"
like the 6 Plus and the Samsung Galaxy Note, however, has the pocket-or-purse
dilemma begun to affect men. Predictably, we're freaking out.

As it turned out, however, I had no problem sliding the iPhone 6 Plus into the
pockets of my chinos. One of my colleagues, whose sartorial taste skews toward
elfin hipster jeans, had somewhat more difficulty when he tried my new phone on
for size. I'm guessing he'll opt for a smaller version.

Yet just as I began to rejoice that I hadn't wasted my money on a phone I
couldn't carry, a different drawback became apparent: There's no easy way to use
the device with just one hand.

Over the years, I've grown blithely accustomed to the notion that operating a
smartphone is a single-handed endeavor. Not only can I comfortably cradle the
iPhone 5 in my palm, but the tips of my fingers have no trouble reaching the
farthest corners of the screen. I've even mastered the art of swatting home runs
one-handed on my favorite little time-wasting mobile game, 9 Innings Pro
Baseball.

No more. Just typing in your passcode to unlock the 6 Plus requires either a
second hand or a feat of manual acrobatics. Reaching the top buttons on the home
screen-you know, trivial things like "messages" "photos," and "camera"-is out of
the question, unless you're NBA player Kawhi Leonard.

When Apple announced the 6 Plus, I noted that it had included a feature that
allows you to pull the top buttons halfway down the screen by double-tapping the
home button. I did not anticipate that I would quickly come to rely on this
feature for almost everything I need to do on the phone.

Opening my Gmail app and composing a message used to require just three actions:

* Tap to open the app

* Tap the "compose" button

* Start typing

Now it requires the following finger dance:

* Double-tap the home button to bring the Gmail app within reach

* Tap to open the app

* Double-tap the home button to bring the compose button within reach

* Tap the "compose" button

* Start typing

That might sound like a small difference. If you use your phone a lot, it isn't.
It nearly doubles the amount of time it takes to complete certain tasks. And
while the double-tap feature makes it relatively easy to reach the top of the
screen, it remains a struggle to reach the sides without dropping the device
altogether. Two of the people I to whom I briefly loaned the phone fumbled it
within the first 30 seconds.

The obvious solution is simply to use two hands at all times. I get that. The 6
Plus works beautifully in landscape mode, and its spacious screen shines when it
comes to reading articles, watching videos, or playing games. Its battery life,
reputed to be significantly longer than that of the iPhone 6, was a major
selling point for me. Like the Galaxy Note, this is a phone that some people
will love even as others mock and eschew it. I have a feeling that my father,
who happily sported a bulky Handspring Treo at a time when everyone else was
buying Motorola Razrs, will be a fan.

Unlike the Galaxy Note, however (or the Treo, for that matter), the 6 Plus
doesn't come with a stylus, and it wasn't explicitly marketed as a compromise
between a phone and a tablet. No Galaxy Note buyer should be surprised to find
that her device is ungainly. Apple addicts, on the other hand, may have been
lulled by the company's marketing to believe that it would never sell them a
phone that didn't feel Mama Bear's-chair perfect in their palms.

A device that requires two hands is a device that demands your full attention.
It's not a device you can whip out of your pocket and glance at quickly in
between other tasks. It's not a device you can use to quickly scan your email
while carrying a grocery bag or hanging onto a subway pole. And perhaps that was
Apple's intention all along: An awkwardly sized phone might be just the
incentive some people need to buy a $350 smartwatch.

I'm not ruling out the possibility that I'll eventually grow dexterous enough
with the 6 Plus that its virtues begin to overshadow its limitations. But at
this point, I'm also not ruling out the possibility that I'll be back in line at
that same AT&T store within two weeks to exchange it for something more
manageable.

* Video of Oremus, Slate's senior technology reporter, demonstrating the iPhone
6 is at http://www.slate.com/blogs/future_tense/2014/09/19/iphone_6_plus_size_v
s_iphone_6_why_i_might_return_apple_s_giant_new_iphone.html

