

Phones have gotten so good at taking photos that I rarely bring along a stand
alone camera anymore.

Of course, a phone is never going to replace a full bodied, single lens reflex
camera, otherwise known as an SLR. There's just no way to squeeze a powerful,
SLR type lens into the small body of a phone. But many smartphones now match and
even outperform point and shoot cameras. You'll get good pictures with any high
end phone, including LG's G3 and Google's Nexus 6. But a few phones go beyond
just good.

Apple's iPhone 6 (starts at $649 without a contract) and iPhone 6 Plus ($749):
Last year, I declared the iPhone 5s to be the best camera phone overall. This
year's 6 and 6 Plus models are even better, particularly with faster and more
accurate focusing. The iPhone can even make moving toddlers look still and
sharp.

For indoor and night shots, the iPhone often manages to avoid the image blur
that many other cameras produce when shutters stay open longer to let in more
light. The 6 Plus model also has anti shake technology to help reduce blur. I
noticed increased sharpness in some shots of statues inside a museum and the
city skyline at night, compared with shots taken with the regular iPhone 6. For
most shots, though, the iPhone 6 performs just as well. Go for the Plus only if
you want the larger viewing screen not for the camera.

The iPhone shines in a wide range of settings, making it an overall great choice
for capturing impromptu moments.

Samsung's Galaxy Note 4 ($700 to $826, depending on carrier) and Note Edge ($840
to $946): Images taken on the Note phones are rich in color. Friends say "wow"
when they see the shots. The Note's AMOLED screen technology contributes to
that, but the colors are still rich when viewing on a standard LCD laptop.

The problem is the colors sometimes look too rich, as though they've been
adjusted using software. Faces, for instance, often look overly orange,
especially for indoor shots (the yellow glow from artificial lighting
contributes to that). The iPhone doesn't win on colors, but images look more
natural. With the Note, you wind up with many images that look better but others
that look worse. The color can typically be fixed with editing software, but
that takes time.

The Note camera's 16 megapixels is among the highest in smartphones. Although
having more megapixels doesn't necessarily mean better pictures, I can make out
smaller text on Note images. The Note also excels with zoom. With most phones,
quality degrades as you zoom in because the lens itself doesn't move. Zooming is
essentially cropping. The Note compensates for that with anti shake technology,
similar to the 6 Plus, and with the merger of pixels from multiple exposures
taken in succession.

Microsoft's Lumia Icon ($499): Like other Lumia phones using the standard Nokia
Pro Cam app, the Icon camera is slow to snap and save the shot. Forget about
moving babies. Forget about multiple images in bursts, as iPhones and Note
phones allow.

Even as Lumia phones are known for their low light performance, rivals have
caught up. And the Icon's ability to take images of up to 19 megapixels no
longer is impressive.

Yet the manual controls in Lumia phones are unmatched. You can control shutter
speed, light sensitivity, white balance and other settings you typically only
get with an SLR. It's the camera for taking professional looking photos.

