
DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Apple Inc.'s new iPhones will take as many as four weeks to ship, a sign that
early demand for the smartphones is outstripping supply.

The iPhone 6 Plus, which has a larger display, will take three to four weeks for
shoppers who pre-ordered online as of Friday, according to Apple's website, as
people rushed to buy the smartphones hours after the company began taking
pre-orders. Certain models of the iPhone 6, which has a slightly smaller screen,
will take seven to 10 business days to arrive, though some versions are still
available for delivery on Sept. 19, when the devices are set to officially go on
sale in stores.

"Response to iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus has been incredible, with a record
number of pre-orders overnight," Trudy Muller, a spokeswoman with Cupertino,
Calif.-based Apple, said Friday.

Apple CEO Tim Cook is counting on the new devices to usher in demand for other
products he introduced this week, from the iPhone-compatible Apple Watch to the
credit card-substituting Apple Pay service. Demand for the latest iPhone is the
greatest ATT Inc. has seen in two years, Ralph de la Vega, CEO of its mobile
division, said Friday at a Goldman Sachs media conference.

This isn't the first time Apple and phone carriers have seen iPhone models
delayed well before they were available in stores. In 2012, the iPhone 5 was
delayed for shipment by a week after a rush of orders, and in 2011 the iPhone 4S
sold out at ATT, Verizon Wireless, and Sprint Nextel Corp. only five days after
pre-orders began.

The iPhone 6 has a 4.7-inch display and the iPhone 6 Plus has a 5.5-inch one,
while the previous iPhones have a four-inch screen.

Customers took to Twitter to complain of difficulties loading Apple's website to
place pre-orders early Friday morning.

While the company normally doesn't disclose figures for its production runs of
new products, it typically has a supply of its new devices in stores on the
first day.

Carriers, which typically offer deals when a new iPhone comes out aiming to
capitalize on sales of the device to lure more data-hungry smartphone users and
bolster their market share, are again offering incentives that may be bolstering
interest.

The iPhone remains the most important piece of Apple's business. The handset
accounted for about half of Apple's $171 billion in revenue in its last fiscal
year, and with sales of the iPad slowing, the company needs to keep the iPhone a
blockbuster to maintain growth.

