
DATELINE: Kansas


Sprint Corporation has issued the following Press release:


Ultimate iPhone & iPad Plan -- For only $100 per month and $0 down get an iPhone
6 with unlimited data, talk and text while on the Sprint network, and an iPad
Mini 3 with 2GB of data. Plus, no activation fees.


Once again, Sprint (NYSE: S) is delivering on its promise to simplify the
wireless purchasing experience while maintaining its tradition of providing
great value. With the Ultimate iPhone & iPad Plan, customers can now lease two
iconic devices, iPhone 6 16GB and iPad Mini 3 16GB, with service plans, for only
$100 a month1.

Boasting access to Sprint's 2.5GHz LTE network, iPhone 6 16GB pairs with an
unlimited data, text and talk service plan and the iPad Mini 3 16GB comes with a
2GB data service plan. Two devices. Both service plans. No activation fees. No
money down. All for $100 (excluding taxes and surcharges). All while on the
Sprint network.

 Pairing the two devices with two service plans saves a customer more than $200
annually.

"Sprint is making two of the hottest devices in the market available to
consumers for the best price, paired with great value service plans," said David
Owens, senior vice president-Marketing. "This is the first time Apple and Sprint
have offered virtually one low price for two great devices. The Ultimate iPhone
& iPad Plan is an extraordinary value for customers."

New qualified customers simply need to take advantage of iPhone for Life plan
and iPad for Life plan when choosing this limited time offer.

This is a breakdown of the pricing similar to how it will appear on a customer's
bill:


Customers also have the option to buy up to the iPhone 6 Plus and the iPad Air
2. Choosing the iPhone 6 Plus will add $5 per month to the iPhone for Life plan
and choosing the iPad Air 2 will add $3 per month to the iPad for Life plan.

About Sprint
Sprint (NYSE: S) is a communications services company that creates more and
better ways to connect its customers to the things they care about most. Sprint
served nearly 56 million connections as of Dec. 31, 2014, and is widely
recognized for developing, engineering and deploying innovative technologies,
including the first wireless 4G service from a national carrier in the United
States; leading no-contract brands including Virgin Mobile USA, Boost Mobile,
and Assurance Wireless; instant national and international push-to-talk
capabilities; and a global Tier 1 Internet backbone. Sprint has been named to
the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) North America for the past four years.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

