

Muscat: Apple fans in Oman who are planning to lay their hands on the new iPhone
series have to shell out between OMR500 and OMR900, said traders having the
price list.



"The price list we have got from dealers in Dubai shows that the iPhone 6 16GB
version will cost OMR540 and iPhone 6 Plus 16GB version will cost OMR680," said
a sales representative at Smart Zone.

Apple this week unveiled the two latest models in its iPhone series, both of
which boast a larger screen, in a bid to recapture its role as a technological
trend-setter and many in Oman are waiting to own the new handsets.

According to the trader, iPhone 6 16GB will cost OMR540, 64GB will cost OMR590
and 128GB will cost OMR640. The iPhone 6 Plus 16GB will cost OMR680, 64GB OMR790
and 128GB will cost OMR890.
"These are the initial prices sent by dealers in Dubai. Now, we have to get the
Telecom Regulatory Authority (TRA) permission for sale. Most probably, the new
iPhones will be available by the last week of this month," said the sales
representative.

"Apple products always have a high price during the launch. Depending on the
region and country the price varies. Even the iPhone 5s had a high price range.
The price of the starting model was nearly OMR500 when it was launched. But that
never deters Apple's ardent fans. Here too, Omanis are not bothered about the
price. Some want it at any cost," said the trader.

Price details
Meanwhile, after Times of Oman reported the price details first, the social
networking websites were abuzz with comments.

While many were surprised with the price, some even related the news story of a
salary hike survey prediction.

Apple's online store crashed under the weight of demand from eager customers
hoping to pre-order one of the new iPhone 6 models launched this week.

The company announced it would make pre-orders, but in minutes it had begun
displaying "We'll be back" messages in several languages.

Twitter users reported problems with sites around the world before services
appeared to have been restored after 30 minutes.

Meanwhile, people who were lucky enough to have secured pre-orders for the first
iPhone 6 shipments are now flogging their prizes on eBay in a bid to rake in
more than $1,000 in profits.

According to Apple's official website, the price of iPhone 6 16GB is $199 for US
customers while the iPhone 6 Plus 16GB will be at $299 with a two-year contract.


Reporter can be reached at reji@timesofoman.com   Muscat Press and Publishing
House SAOC 2014

