

For Apple the year 2015 has begun with good news of record profits. The company
organized the Q1 2015 financial year first quarter results conference call this
week, it which it announced record quarterly revenue of $74.6 billion and record
quarterly net profit of $18 billion.

The company posted a revenue of $51,182 million from the sale of iPhones which
is more than twice what it earned in Q4 2014.

The Steve Jobs company sold a stunning 74.5 million iPhones in its holiday
quarter, which is past analyst expectations of 69 million in sales. This helped
"drive the company to record profits of $18 billion", says WashingtonPost.

At the conference call, it also revealed the date of shipping for its first
wearable watch. The new wearable announced in September last year - the Apple
Watch - will start shipping in the month of April this year, said Apple.

We bring you 5 more things that were revealed in the Conference call.

1. Market position

This makes it move ahead from Microsoft and Google put together if we look at
their most recent earnings report says the report in WashingtonPost.

2. Chinese market, the helping hand

In Greater China, the margin has grown immensely. Here the sale was at $6,292
million in Q4 2014 and has grown to $16,144 million in Q1 2015. This was
somewhat expected since China is a new market for Apple. Towards the 2013 end,
Apple signed a deal with China Mobile to enter the Chinese market with iPhone 5S
and 5C. In 2014, the roll-out of 4G network in China seems to have helped Apple
a lot as the company noted good sales report in 2014 with iPhones. "China
Mobile's number of 4G subscribers rose from just 1.3 million at the end of
February to nearly 14 million in June," reported DailyTech  in July 2014.

In 2014 Apple did not delay the launch till December (like with iPhone 5S and
5C) and launched the new Iphone 6 and 6 Plus in October 2014 itself, with China
Mobile, China Telecom and China Unicom .

3. A comparison with sales in the last quarter

Compared to Q4 2014 the revenue increased to more than double in Q1 2015 as
Apple not only sold more iPhones, but more iPads were sold too. The sale of
Macintosh computers was almost unaffected.

Have a look at this table:


Product     Q1          Q1            Q4          Q4
            2015Units   2015Revenue   2014Units   2014Revenue
Apple       74,468      51,182        39,272      23,678
iPhone
Apple iPad  21,419      8,985         12,316      5,316
Apple iMac  5,519       6,944         5,520       6,625

(Note: Units in thousands, Revenue in millions; Q1 2015 Unaudited Summary Data)

4. What's the reason for this huge sale?

The sale of Iphone 6 and 6 Plus is the reasons why Apple registered huge
success. Apple went on to bigger display in 6 and 6 Plus and adopted 4.7 inch
and 5.5 inch instead of 4 inch which came in iPhone 5S and 5C. The company also
launched a new design profile with the iPhone 6 and 6 plus ditching the sharp
edge iPhone in favor of rounded corners and smooth-round-edged design.

Launch of Apple Pay with three major transaction gateways - Visa, American
Express and Mastercard is another factor that led to huge sales of bigger
iPhones in US too. Calling Apple Pay as a very strong start for Apple, Tim Cook
at the Conference call said this service "has accounted for two of every three
dollars spent through contactless payments on Visa, Mastercard, and American
Express," reports MacRumours.

"More devices with Apple Pay capabilities leads to greater retailer and merchant
interest, which in turn prompts more consumer satisfaction (more places it
works) and so on," Comments TechCrunch.

4. Launch date of the Watch

According to a news report from Mashable, Apple CEO, Tim Cook during a
conference call with analysts, has revealed that the Apple Watch will ship in
April.

Lance Ulanoff, Chief Correspondent and Editor-at-Large at Mashable, tweeted "Tim
Cook: Development of Apple Watch is right on schedule and we expect to begin
shipping in April" during Apple's earnings call this week.

The watch was earlier rumoured to be coming to stores in early 2015, that is in
March 2015. According to a news report in early January, the Cupertino giant was
planning to organize extensive testing program with a new product (expected to
be the Watch) for store representatives between February 9th and February 16th.

5. Did Apple increase its donations?

Apple donated a record-shattering $20 million this quarter, and with this the
company has donated over $100 million since partnering with (RED). Note that
during the holiday season App Store customers helped make history with their
support of Apps for (RED), a special initiative on the store with exclusive
content where all proceeds went to the Global Fund to fight AIDS.

