

Glitches in iOS 8.0.1 operating system bring frustrations to consumers, reports
Bloomberg.

Apple Inc Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook called the introduction of the iPhone
6 and 6 Plus over the weekend the "best launch ever." He may have spoken too
soon.

Just three days after announcing that Apple had sold a record 10 million new
iPhones over the opening weekend, Cook was faced with multiple snafus related to
the bigger-screen handsets. The company pulled a new mobile-software update,
dubbed iOS 8.0.1, after the program caused some people to lose cellular service.
It promised a fix soon.

Scores of consumers also took to social media to criticize the 6 Plus and how it
can bend under sufficient pressure.

The stumbles blemished what had been a carefully choreographed product unveiling
that was meant to put Cook's stamp on Apple. Executives at the California-based
company had for months teased the introduction of the new iPhones before finally
debuting them on Sept 9.

The devices had spurred a frenzy of demand, with pre-orders topping 4 million,
plus the record weekend sales and a thriving gray market for the smartphones in
China and elsewhere.

Now, Cook's rollout of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus is marred, recalling incidents
that the CEO has faced with other product debuts. Last year, Cook apologized for
the iPhone's warranty and repair policies in China after receiving criticism
from the media over customer service in the market. In 2012, Cook also said he
was sorry for Apple's malfunctioning mapping software, which was faulted for
misguided directions and inaccurate landmark locations.

"I just wish that Tim Cook had a better handle on things," said Jason Nochimson,
34, an iPhone 6 owner who spent more than two hours on Apple's customer support
line after downloading the software upgrade on Wednesday and finding it stopped
his cellular service. "I was worried that my daughter's school was going to call
me and I wasn't going to be able to get them."

Apple said in an e-mailed statement that it has devised a workaround for iPhone
6 users who lost voice service or other features. Users can reinstall the
previous version of iOS to restore past functionality and Apple plans to release
a new version of the operating system, iOS 8.0.2, in the next few days.

"We apologize for the great inconvenience experienced by users," Apple said in
the statement.

The new iPhones are crucial to Apple. The devices generate more than half of the
company's annual $171 billion in revenue and precede a swath of other products,
including new iPads, an Apple Watch and a mobile-payments system called Apple
Pay.


