

Apple has acknowledged that the higher pricing of iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in India
and some other markets due to foreign exchange fluctuations has had an impact on
their sales, but said it's investing for long term in the country.

"We've adjusted some prices around the world for the launch of iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus... Obviously when we increase prices around the world, it's normal to see
some impact on sales rates," Luca Maestri, Apple's senior vice-president and
CFO, said in response to a query about the currency movement and impact on
demand in terms of volume units and revenues in some regions like India, Japan,
and parts of Europe during the Cupertino-based company's fourth quarter earnings
call on Wednesday .

But Maestri also said it's too early to arrive at any conclusion. "...because
the phones have been out there just for four weeks, so it's bit early to tell.
But so far we were encouraged by the response."

ET was the first to report about lower-than-expected demand for the new iPhones
in the country due to high prices with consumers either buying from the grey
market at substantially lower prices or waiting for a price crash or online
discounts earlier this month.

The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are selling at ' '92,000 depending on . 62,000-.memory
and model, ' . 8,500-9,500 more than the last year's launch price of iPhone 6
and 6 Plus and also . 14,000-16,000 costlier than their ' prices in global
markets like the US, Middle East, Singapore and Hong Kong.

Apple's trade partners in India attributed the huge price difference of the new
iPhones between India and many global markets to two factors: depreciation of
the rupee against the dollar whereby Apple had hedged the currency exchange
rate, and higher tax, with imported

smartphones attracting 11.5% more tax than locally assembled ones while this
difference was just 5% last year.

But Apple remains optimistic about its long-term prospects in India. Its chief
executive officer Tim Cook, during Wednesday's earnings call, said the company
was investing for the long term in a few markets like In

dia where factors like currency were "transitional kind of thing".

"I was really impressed last quarter with our progress in Vietnam and Indonesia
and India among others," he said.

Apple said iPhone sales in South Asia, including India, during the
July-September quarter was up by 35%.

Analysts say sales during this quarter in India were driven by aggressive online
discount on iPhone's earlier models.

"In India the demand situation is still not vibrant for the new iPhones," the
chief executive officer of a leading cell phone retail chain said. "In fact,
there is sufficient stock in India compared with markets like the US and China
where demand is still more than supply," said the CEO requesting not to be
named.

Most big mobile and consumer electronics retail chains and even large ecommerce
firms said sales of the new iPhones were at best matching last year, while some
reported 20%-50% lower demand compared with last year's demand for iPhone 6 and
6 Plus.

Incidentally, Apple was targeting a two-to-three fold jump in sales of the new
iPhones leading up to Diwali.

Apple Inc on Wednesday reported 63% growth in revenues from emerging markets at
$79 billion, or about Rs 5,12,500 crore, for the fiscal year ended September
2015. Cook said the company achieved this despite "very strong headwinds" from
foreign exchange rates. Apple also posted largest absolute revenue growth ever,
growing by 28% at $234 billion, or about Rs 15,18,000 crore.

The company had last month announced that it sold more than 13 million units of
iPhones 6s and 6s Plus models in 12 markets including the US and China in just
three days after launch, setting a new record for the company.

The company management during the call on Wednesday also said the new iPhones
were selling more than last year's launch.

