

Customers of NatWest and Royal Bank of Scotland will no longer have to remember
their passwords and be able to access their bank accounts online with just a
touch of their fingerprint - but only if they have an Apple iPhone.

From 19 February, NatWest and RBS customers with an iPhone 5S, iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus will be able to access their bank account online using Apple's
Touch ID fingerprint sensor, in what the bank claims is a first in Britain.

Apple's fingerprint sensor - a detection ring built in to the home button - was
introduced in 2013, and has quickly proven to be one of the best fingerprint
scanning implementations available. Now present on the iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus,
iPad Air 2 and iPad Mini 3, Touch ID allows users to securely unlock their
devices and authenticate purchases via iTunes or the App Store with just their
finger or thumb, removing the need to constantly enter in their passwords.

The list of third-party apps adopting Touch ID to secure their contents or
authenticate purchases has expanded in recent months with apps including
Evernote and Dropbox, password managers such as LastPass and 1Password, and
shops such as Amazon all now supporting the fingerprint sensor.

A spokesman for RBS NatWest said: "Never has banking for UK customers been more
at their fingertips, or fingerprints. RBS and NatWest customers will be the
first of any UK-based bank to be able to log in to their mobile banking app
using only their fingerprint. The technology recognises customers' unique finger
print so they don't have to remember a tricky login passcode."

RBS said nearly half of its 15 million customers actively use online banking,
with more than 3 million customers using the mobile app every week. It estimates
that it has around 1.8 million active iPhone users, of which 880,000 use an
iPhone 5s, iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 plus. It says 167,000 customers use the banking
app each day on their way to work between 7am and 8am.

