

Asina Pornwasin

The Nation

The country's three leading mobile operators yesterday officially launched the
much-awaited iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smart-phone models in Thailand.

The companies had allowed people to pre-order the devices on their websites on
October 24.

Pakorn Pannachet, senior vice president, Market Division, at Total Access
Communication (DTAC), said the company was offering six promotions â[#x20ac]"
together dubbed the "Six Pack" â[#x20ac]" for customers who buy an iPhone 6 or
iPhone 6 Plus.

DTAC's highlight package is called the "Up Package", which allows customer who
buy one of the newly available iPhones on 12-month packages of Bt890, Bt1,499 or
Bt1,999 per month to receive huge discounts of between Bt19,000 and Bt28,500
when they exchange their device to buy a new smart phone after the period
expires.

"Customers can trade in for a new smart phone, either a new iPhone or another
brand, with DTAC," said Pakorn.

The iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus that they want to trade in in the future has to be
in good condition and complete with accessories, otherwise the discount will be
reduced.

"During two days, October 31 to November 1, some 1,700 customers will receive
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus from us â[#x20ac]" 1,200 people in Bangkok and about 100
each at our five centres in the provinces," he said yesterday.

More people have placed orders for the iPhone 6 due to its 64-gigabyte size,
with the 128GB and 16GB being the next most popular models.

The "Up Package" is expected to help raise DTAC's post-paid average revenue per
user from the current level of Bt600, with the positive impact being felt in the
next six to nine months," the executive added.

DTAC now has 3.5 million post-paid customers, of which 80 per cent use wireless
data service.

By the end of the year, he said, the company aimed to have sold the iPhone 6 and
6 Plus in the hundreds of thousands. "We got more than 20,000 pre orders in just
two hours on October 24," said Pakorn.

First and best 4G LTE service

True Move H, meanwhile, arranged an event for its official launch of the iPhone
6 and 6 Plus after midnight on Thursday.

Papon Ratanachaikanont, group executive director and executive assistant to the
CEO at True Corp, said TrueMove H was excited about bringing the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus to its customers, and enabling them to enjoy the best devices with
Thailand's "first and best 4G LTE service" in Bangkok and 14 major cities.

"With the unique combination of 4G LTE, the largest nationwide 3G and Wi-Fi
networks, exclusive apps and content for our subscribers, TrueMove H is ready to
offer users an unparalleled and optimum mobile Internet experience on the iPhone
6 and iPhone 6 Plus," he said.

In addition, the iPhone 5s will be available starting at Bt20,700, and the
iPhone 5c from Bt14,900.

True Move H unveiled its prices for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus â[#x20ac]"
device only, without package â[#x20ac]" as starting from Bt25,550 for the former
with 16GB, and Bt37,300 for the latter with 128GB.

The prices are a little higher than those available for the same models on
Apple's online store, which offers starting prices of Bt24,900 and Bt36,900.

Meanwhile, the same models from True Move H are Bt300 and Bt600 lower,
respectively, than Apple's online prices.

Advanced Info Service (AIS) yesterday also announced its promotions with the
official launch of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

The iPhone 6 is now available at AIS shops and authorised Telewiz outlets
nationwide at the starting price of Bt2,480 per month for the 16GB model, while
the iPhone 6 Plus will be available from Bt2,865 monthly for the 16GB model
â[#x20ac]" both on 10-month instalment packages.

Customers can pre-order both models now at www.ais.co.th/iphone6.

AIS customers will be able to connect the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus to its
reliable 3G network, said Titipong Khiewpaisal, senior vice president for
marketing.

AIS is pleased to bring the world-class iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus to Apple fans
all over Thailand, he said, adding that the new iPhones, combined with AIS's
high-quality network, customer service and valuable packages, will meet the
digital lifestyles and shifting demands of today's customers.

In addition, the iPhone 5s will be available starting at Bt2,010 per month, also
on a 10-month instalment basis.

