

Those who use Apple's iPad should feel right at home with the company's new
phones, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

The phones, which are significantly bigger than Apple's four-inch iPhone 5s and
5c, take design cues and some features from Apple's tablet line - further
blurring the distinction between the smartphone and the tablet.

Both phones are thinner and lighter than their predecessors, losing more in bulk
than they gain in overall size. But there's no doubt that both phones feel
noticeably bigger than the current line of iPhones, and it will probably take
longtime Apple users time to get used to handling larger devices. All that
fumbling around with the phones will no doubt lead to a lot of cracked screens.
Get ready, too, for new accessories (again) since this is Apple's first change
to the width of the iPhone.

For years, Apple has refused to make phones that were wider than the average
thumb could reach, saying that making phones any bigger was a disservice to
consumers. In some ways, the new phones feel like an admission from Apple that
it was wrong about fighting the big-screen revolution for so long.

But as consumers embrace phones to view more video and do more serious work, it
has become clear that big is in demand.  And by releasing phones with larger
screens - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus - Apple sets
itself more firmly against   competitors that make phones for the Android
platform, such as Samsung, LG and HTC.

Solely in terms of screen size, Apple has been behind the curve, with a screen
smaller than Samsung's latest model, the S5. It also has the same screen size as
the HTC One M8 and the Fire Phone from Amazon.com, whose chief executive, Jeff
Bezos, owns The Washington Post.

But in my brief time with the phones, it was clear that Apple was mainly drawing
from one source for inspiration: the iPad. With the iPhone 6 Plus in particular,
the similarities are striking. Thanks to its tall, thin proportions, the Plus
still feels more like a big phone than a small tablet. Apple has given Plus
users, for example, the option to view a lot of its apps in a horizontal
orientation that is pulled straight from the iPad. In Mail, for example, iPhone
users can look at a two-pane view - one to list the messages in the inbox and
one to preview messages. To deal with the thumb question, Apple also has
introduced a mode that pulls whatever is showing up at the top of the screen
halfway down the display, to get that upper corner within easy reach.

On both phones, Apple has moved the sleep button from the top of the phone to
the side, so the owner can use everything one-handed. Both also have crisp,
bright displays and the rounded corners that call back to earlier iPhone models.
Both also carry Apple's new camera sensor, an 8-megapixel sensor with   new
features that   let users focus more easily on their photo subjects. The phones
are so thin that the camera actually sticks out a bit from the back of the
phone.

The rounded corners and thin profiles should also help the new phones slide into
tight pockets.

For many people, bigger will feel better - clearer for photos, for video and for
work - but for those who have grown accustomed to Apple's standard iPhone size,
it will definitely take time to adjust.

hayley.tsukayama@washpost.com

Excerpted from the Switch, at washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-switch.

