

An iPhone 6s Plus, specced out with a full 128 gigabytes of storage, will set
you back $1529 at the Apple store when it comes out on September 25.

A Samsung Galaxy S6 edge, specced out with 128 gigabytes of storage, will set
you back $1449. The S6 edge+, with its maximum 64 gigabytes, is $1299.

When did phones get so expensive? Obviously the Australian dollar hasn't helped,
but $1500? Really? You can get a 13-inch MacBook Air for less than $1400, and
it's got a lot more stuff in it than an iPhone. Judging from its weight, an iPad
Air has got seven times as much stuff in it as an iPhone 6s Plus, to be precise.

You could spend that amount of money on a top-quality high-end phone, or you
could spend a little more than a third of that on a Chinese phone such as the
$599 Oppo R7 Plus, which has many, if not most, of the features of a top-quality
high-end phone, only with the price tag of a mid-tier phone.

Indeed, in some respects, the R7 Plus has better features than a top-quality
high-end phone. It's got a 6-inch screen, on it, which is big even by the
standards of plus-sized phones like the iPhone 6 Plus (5.5 inches) or the Galaxy
edge+ (5.7 inches).

It's a monstrous phone - a little too big for my tastes - but at least it's got
another feature that's better than other high-end phones: it's got a relatively
tiny bezel, and a screen-to-body ratio of 77 per cent, compared with 68 per cent
for the iPhone 6s Plus and 76 per cent for the Galaxy edge+, meaning the 6-inch
screen doesn't make the Oppo as huge as it might have.

Apart from the size, there is another respect in which the R7 Plus out-pluses
the plus-sized, plus-priced phones - the battery, one of the most critical
aspects of all phones. What the Oppo has isn't so much a brilliant battery life
as a brilliant battery charger. Using the Oppo R7 Plus for a week, I found it
got a day of usage on a single charge, which is fairly normal for a big-screened
phone but nowhere near the two or three days, I can get on a small phone like
Sony's Xperia Compact.

The charging is another matter. Where the battery in an iPhone 6 Plus can be
charged from completely flat to completely full in about 2 hours 40 minutes,
according to our tests using one of Apple's more powerful, 2.1-amp chargers, the
Oppo can go from zero to 100 in barely more than an hour. It's got a four-amp
charger, you see, which to our knowledge is the most powerful charger on the
market.

Perhaps of more interest to anyone who's had to do an emergency recharge on
their phone, you can get the R7 Plus back to about 15 or 20 per cent charged,
from empty, in just five minutes. Oppo says that's two hours of talk time,
though I'm not a big enough talker to have tested that.

It means you would only need a couple of minutes hugging the wall at an airport
to get yourself back in action with this phone. It's brilliant, and there have
been plenty of occasions when I have been so desperate for a fast charge, I
would have swapped my much more expensive Galaxy Note for an R7 Plus in a
heartbeat.

Under less stressful circumstances, I wouldn't do the swap, however. Like I
said, the phone is a little too big, and there are other things about the R7
Plus that mean it's not as good as a Note or an iPhone.

It's quite a lot slower than other high-end phones, though I should point out
the slowness show up far more in benchmark tests than in day-to-day operations,
where the R7 Plus runs pretty smoothly.

Like the iPhone and the Galaxy edge, the R7 Plus has a fingerprint scanner on
it, which lets you unlock your phone without having to enter a password. It
actually works pretty well, but unfortunately the scanner doesn't seem to work
with third-party apps such as LastPass. Worse than that, the fingerprint reader
is on the back rather than on the front as it is with the iPhone and Galaxy,
which means you have to pick up your phone to unlock it. I don't know what the
stats are for people unlocking their phones while the phone is still sitting on
their desk, but for me it's got to be 30 or 40 per cent, meaning the scanner is
only 60 or 70 per cent as useful as it could be.

Then again, it is 60 per cent cheaper, so what do you want? Everything?

The other thing I wasn't a fan of was the software. The R7 Plus runs a version
of Android tcalled ColorOS, which isn't too bad as far as heavy-handed Android
skins go, but which could do with being more like regular Android and a little
less like an iPhone clone. Where is the app drawer?

With its Find 7, Oppo releases a version of the firmware that is pure Android,
and it's a pity it doesn't do the same thing with the R7 Plus. Oppo is targeting
the R7 Plus at style-conscious consumers, rather than the more technically
minded consumers it has designed the Find 7 for, but we can't see why it can't
offer style-conscious consumers the option of pure Android too. Android is very
stylish nowadays, to our mind the best looking of all the various Android
incarnations.

With pure Android, the R7 Plus would be something. You'd need deep pockets to
carry one around, but you wouldn't need deep pockets to get one.

