

July 20 -- HSBC today brings Apple Pay to Hong Kong customers, offering a fast,
easy and secure way to pay. HSBC Visa and MasterCard cardholders can make
payments conveniently using Apple Pay in stores with Visa payWave or MasterCard
contactless payment terminals in Hong Kong and overseas.

Greg Hingston, Head of Retail Banking and Wealth Management, Hong Kong, HSBC
said, "We are pleased to enable our customers to be among the first to enjoy
Apple Pay in Hong Kong. It is a fast, easy and secure way for us to do our
everyday shopping. Digital is an integral part of our strategy as technology and
mobility are changing the way our customers access information, products and
services. This is re-shaping people's lifestyles, including how they do their
banking. The number of active Mobile Banking customers has increased almost 50%
over the past three years. We expect this to rise as customers continue to
migrate to digital banking and as we roll out innovative offerings such as Apple
Pay."

Security and privacy are at the core of Apple Pay. When you use a credit card
with Apple Pay, the actual card numbers are not stored on the device, nor on
Apple servers. Instead, a unique Device Account Number is assigned, encrypted
and securely stored in the Secure Element on your device. Each transaction is
authorised with a one-time unique dynamic security code.

Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will continue to receive all of the
rewards and benefits offered by HSBC credit cards, with access a wide range of
credit card offers and privileges such as enjoying extra RewardCash. From now
till 31 August 2016, HSBC cardholders can enjoy instant offers when conducting a
single contactless payment transaction of a specified spending amount at our
respective *participating merchants. In addition, HSBC Visa or MasterCard
cardholders will enjoy an extra $10 RewardCash upon conducting a single
transaction of HKD 30 or above with a Personal Credit Card via Apple Pay three
times.

Apple Pay works with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone
SE and Apple Watch in participating stores. For online shopping in apps
accepting Apple Pay, it is simple, without needing to repeatedly fill out
lengthy account forms or type in shipping and billing information. When paying
for goods and services within apps, Apple Pay is compatible with iPhone 6s,
iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone SE, iPad Air 2, iPad mini 3,
iPad mini 4 and iPad Pro.

For more information on Apple Pay, visit: www.apple.com/hk/en/apple-pay/

For more information on how to set HSBC credit card for Apple Pay, visit:
https://www.hsbc.com.hk/personal/credit-cards/apple-pay.html

Disclaimer: The table has been omitted (The document can be viewed at
http://www.about.hsbc.com.hk/~/media/hong-kong/en/news-and-media/160720-hsbc-app
le-pay-launch-en.pdf)

Source: HSBC Hong Kong

