

Monday, January 04, 2016: The iPhone recovery tool is now being introduced to
recover lost iPhone data for users

The aim of the company is to help all users in the fast recovery of a deleted
data brought by any unexpected incident.

Dr. Fone for iOS and iFonemate are the two of the iPhone data recovery
software's that can be found on the site. These are both functional in the
recovery of all lost data. The former is the most professional and most popular
one that enables the recovery of lost data from iPad, iPod Touch and iPhone.
This is also useful in the retrieval of lost data from iCloud backup or iTunes
backup. Almost seventeen types of data such as notes, contacts, photos, messages
and more are recovered by the software.

Among the key features of the tool include of the compatibility with iTunes
12.2.1, Windows 10, iPhone 6 Plus New Icon and iPhone 6, selectively recover and
preview data, recovery of data from iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, iPod Touch 4 and iPad
1, iMessage or Freely read recovered text and quick fix iPhone operating system.

As per the system requirements of the tool, these include of Windows 8.1, 8.7,
XP, Vista for thirty-two bit and sixty-four bit and Mac OS X 10.10, 10.9, 10.7,
10.6 and 10.8 for thirty-two bit and sixty-four bit. The recovery tool is easy
and convenient to use and has gone through a series of tests. The lost messages
from the Facebook Messenger are only recovered by the use of iOS device recovery
mode.

The recovery tool has its set of advantages such as a well-organized and simple
interface, fast recovery of lost data and preview of lost data.

The iFoneMate also belongs to the iPhone recovery tool and is capable of
recovering messages, notes, contacts, reminders, WeChat Messages, WeChat
Contacts, Notes, calendar messages, Safari Bookmark and WhatsApp. There is also
a chance to extract notes and contacts from iCloud backup or iTunes to iPad,
iPod Touch and iPhone.

As per the highlights of the recovery tool include of the retrieval of thirteen
types of data from the iCloud backup or iTunes, recovery of notes and contacts
to iPod Touch, iPad, iPhone, recovery of lost data due to virus infection,
deletion and any other circumstance, support of iOS devices such as iPhone 6s
Plus/6S, versatile file preview, file filter options and file search and
compatibility with iOS 9.

The advantages include of a free version available for users. This is also a
simple to useful recovery tool and this supports the most updated iOS 9 and
iPhone 6/6 Plus and iOS 9.

It is expected that more users will be interested in using the iPhone data
recovery software for their ease and convenience.

