

NEW DELHI: Just how much is too much for an Apple iPhone? Is nearly Rs 1 lakh
too high a tag for a smartphone in a price-sensitive market like India which
laps up affordable Rs 10,000-15,000 Android-powered phones by the tons?

The answer to both the questions is what will define world's top brand's
strategy to carve a bigger pie of the burgeoning Indian smartphone market. Apple
never took India seriously as the revenues were minuscule.

Until a few years ago, it used to launch iPhone in India months after global
launch, thereby giving rise to a flourishing grey market

The situation changed in last two years, and this year, Apple had the quickest
turnaround when it launched iPhone 6S and 6S Plus in India on October 16,
Friday. A lot of Apple fanboys amusingly quipped Apple was finally taking India
seriously after company CEO Tim Cook's recent meeting with Prime Minister
Narendra Modi.

Make no mistake. Apple only takes its business seriously and it is a fact that
despite stupendous demand growth, the price-sensitive Indian market still
doesn't constitute a very big chunk of Apple's global revenues. Yet, there are
signals Apple may have started taking India seriously in the past two-three
years with the appointment of additional distributors and reduction in launch
cycle.

But there are also signs that Apple hasn't got its strategy right in India and
the pricing of the latest iPhones indicates just that. Apple's outrageous Indian
pricing of iPhone 6S and 6S Plus puts the smartphones out of reach of most
middle class buyers.

Even those who can afford to buy an iPhone feel the iterative update may not be
worth the money. And the buzzword is that Apple may have over-priced its coveted
gadget this time, thus making it difficult to delight Tim Cook in terms of
sales.

Though Apple afficinadaos don't like comparisons with iPhone rivals like Samsung
and Sony, it is a fact that none of the flagships from both rivals are priced as
high. And none comes close to the asking price of Rs 92,000 for the top-end
128GB iPhone 6 Plus!

Here is a look at the top-end smartphones available in India today and the MRP
of their base models:

Apple iPhone 6S (16GB): Rs 62,000

Apple iPhone 6S Plus (16GB): Rs 72,000

Samsung Galaxy Note5 (32GB): Rs 53,900

Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ (32GB): Rs 57,900

Google Nexus 6P (32GB): Rs 39,999

Google Nexus 5X (16GB): Rs 31,999

LG G4 (32GB): Rs 40,000

HTC One M9+ (32GB): Rs 52,500

OnePlus 2 (64GB): Rs 24,999

Motorola Moto X Style (16GB): Rs 29,999

Sony Xperia Z3+ (32GB): Rs 55,990

Sony Xperia Z5 (32GB): (Expected price Rs 60,000)

Though Apple and its premium brand appeal sets it apart, Apple is the only one
to charge over Rs 60,000 for its smartphones. While iPhones have always
commanded a premium in India due to aspirational value and Apple's amazing hype
machinery, charging Rs 72,000 for the 64GB iPhone 6S and Rs 82,000 for 64GB
iPhone 6S Plus seems to indicate Apple may have bitten more than it can chew.

This pricing can fuel the grey market once again as a number of potential buyers
may end up owning the handsets that come in to the country through the smuggling
route, like it was not so long ago.

In fact, iPhone 6S and 6S Plus may be the costliest in India, pricier than
anywhere else in the world. A quick glance at iPhone's pricing across major
markets clearly indicates Indian pricing of iPhone 6S and 6S Plus is higher by
at least Rs 15,000.

This also means that the entry-level 16GB iPhone 6S model costs Rs 8,500 more
than the same storage version of last year's iPhone 6. But there has been no
price increment in markets like the US and the UK and even China, despite the
significant devaluation of yuan.

Here are a few countries where you can get iPhone 6S and 6S Plus much cheaper
compared to India:

Even though a simple currency exchange pricing is not the correct comparison
matrix, and minor additional sales tax is levied in some countries, it is
evident that iPhone 6S and 6S Plus have been priced much higher in India than in
other markets by Apple. Even in France, which has among the highest prices for
Apple products, the new iPhone 6S is sold for 749 euros or Rs 55,228 MRP, much
lower than what it costs in India.

Though the prices of iPhones usually do not go down in the first few months of
launch, there are indications Apple may again allow sellers to cut prices in
order to push sales sooner rather than waiting for many months.

Till then, it won't be a surprise if a number of buyers choose to purchase the
new iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus from other countries or grey market to save on
the exorbitant Indian prices.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

