

Today: Apple shares tumbled on Tuesday after an unsettling report from Wall
Street analyst Credit Suisse that suggested sales of the Cupertino tech giant's
iPhone 6 devices may be struggling. Also; Jive Software soars, Google Maps gets
new feature.

The lead: Apple slips on warnings of weak iPhone sales

Apple shares tumbled more than 3 percent on Tuesday after an unsettling report
from Wall Street analyst Credit Suisse that suggested sales of the Cupertino
tech giant's iPhone 6 devices may be struggling, but another investment firm,
FBR, stated that iPhone sales still look strong.

"Apple has lowered its component orders by as much as 10 percent, according to
our teams in Asia," a team led by Credit Suisse analyst Kulbinder Garcha wrote
in a research note Tuesday . "The cuts seem to be driven by weak demand for the
new iPhone 6s."

However, another Wall Street investment firm, FBR, disagreed with the Credit
Suisse assessment and stated that iPhone sales are just fine .

"We saw the same knife fight develop going into the much contentious September
quarter and Apple proved the skeptics wrong yet again," said Dan Ives, an
analyst with FBR. "We expect a very strong December quarter/holiday quarter on
healthy iPhone 6s demand and legacy iPhone 6 shipments."

The Credit Suisse analysts lowered their projections for calendar 2016 unit
builds for the iPhone 6 to 222 million units, down from the prior estimate of
242 million units. That would be 8.3 percent below the original estimate for
2016.

Credit Suisse also estimated that 2017 will bring iPhone build to 235 million
units, which would be 6 percent higher than the new 2016 prediction.

"In our view, the continued weak supply chain news could weigh on Apple shares
for the next few weeks or quarters," Credit Suisse stated in the note.

For all of calendar 2016, Apple should earn about $9.81 a share, which is about
6 percent below the prior estimate of $10.40, Credit Suisse predicted.

Both investment firms maintained an out-perform rating on Apple.

Among the reasons for future growth: Credit Suisse believes the installed base
for the iPhone will swell to 615 million over time, driven by its recent
expansion, which currently is growing by 24 percent a year. Plus, recently
launched installment plans to pay for the iPhone will drive unit sales long
term, the analysts stated.

"It is tempting to argue that this is now the beginning of the end of the iPhone
business' growth phase run. Indeed, with revenues now at around $155 billion, it
has clearly been a successful run. Despite this, we believe there is more to
come," Credit Suisse wrote in the note.

SV150 market report: Jive jumps on results, Google Maps gets new feature

Palo Alto-based Jive Software soared 9.2 percent higher in response to a
third-quarter report that beat expectations . The software company's loss was
smaller than predicted and revenue was stronger. Plus, Jive executives offered a
rosy outlook for the fourth quarter.

Mountain View-based Google is allowing people to use its Maps feature off-line
in circumstances when Internet service is spotty or non-existent. Google also
announced that its Chrome browser no longer will support Windows XP, Windows
Vista, and the Mac OS versions 10.6, 10.7 and 10.8 .

Menlo Park-based Facebook is offering photo recognition technology to its
Messenger app . The idea is to make it easier for people to send the photo to
other people in the image, or to groups of people.

Silicon Valley Big 10: Netflix up 2.6 percent, Facebook up 1.3 percent, Gilead
Sciences up 0.7 percent, Google owner Alphabet up 0.5 percent, saleforce.com up
0.04 percent, eBay down 0.1 percent, Intel down 0.4 percent, Oracle down 0.5
percent, Cisco Systems down 0.7 percent, Apple down 3.2 percent.

Silicon Valley tech stocks

Up: The biggest winners by percent change were Jive Software, Nektar
Therapeutics, Accuray, Depomed, Pandora Media.

Down: The biggest losers by percent change were Aemetis, SunPower, SolarCity,
Rocket Fuel, Gigamon.

The SV150 index of Silicon Valley's biggest companies: Down 2.45, or 0.14
percent, to 1,705.42.

The tech-focused Nasdaq composite index: Down 12.06, or 0.24 percent, to
5,083.24.

The blue chip Dow Jones industrial average: Up 27.73, or 0.16 percent, to
17,758.21.

And the broad-based Standard & Poor's 500 index: Up 3.14, or 0.15 percent, to
2,081.72.

Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com .

