

SAN FRANCISCO - Apple is projecting a happy holiday season.

New larger-screened iPhones are set to help boost sales by at least 10 per cent
during the crucial holiday quarter, the Cupertino, Calif.-based company said in
a statement on Monday. Revenue in the current period will be $63.5 billion to
$66.5 billion, just topping the $63.5 billion estimated on average by analysts,
according to data compiled by Bloomberg.

The October-through-December period is the biggest test yet of chief executive
officer Tim Cook's ability to roll out breakthrough new products since becoming
Apple's chief executive officer in 2011. He's counting on updated versions of
the iPhone and iPad to help revive sales while he pushes Apple into new
categories, including mobile payments with a service dubbed Apple Pay that
debuted Monday. A smartwatch called Apple Watch is also slated to arrive next
year.

"The stock still remains undervalued," Brian White, an analyst at Cantor
Fitzgerald, said Monday in a note to investors. "The market needs to start
thinking more boldly about Apple and appreciate the company's opportunity to
reinvent new product categories for years to come."

Investor optimism about the new products has boosted Apple's shares more than 24
per cent this year. The stock rose 2.1 per cent to $99.76 at the close in New
York.

For the fiscal fourth quarter ended Sept. 27, Apple's net income rose to $8.47
billion, or $1.42 a share, from $7.51 billion, or $1.18 a share, a year ago.
Sales were $42.1 billion, up 12 per cent from $37.5 billion a year earlier.
Analysts had projected profit of $1.30 a share on sales of $39.91 billion.

"Our fiscal 2014 was one for the record books, including the biggest iPhone
launch ever with iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus," Cook said Monday in a statement.

The results give a peek into how the introduction of the new bigger-screen
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have gone after becoming available on Sept. 19. Apple has
said it sold more than 10 million of the devices in their debut weekend, yet the
rollout was marred by snafus with updates to the iOS 8 mobile-operating system
and some user complaints that the 6 Plus would bend when sat upon.

IPhone sales for the fourth quarter, including more than a week of the new
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus on store shelves, were 39.3 million, up 16 per cent from a
year ago and more than the 38 million predicted by analysts on average in a
Bloomberg survey.

The company sold 12.3 million iPads, below an estimated 13 million units
projected by analysts and down 13 per cent from a year ago, according to data
compiled by Bloomberg. It was the third consecutive quarter that iPad sales
declined.

The quarter included the closing of Apple's $3-billion acquisition of Beats
Electronics, which makes headphones and has a music-streaming service.

Following the unveiling of the new iPhones last month, investor expectations for
Apple have only grown. Activist investor Carl Icahn is also turning up the
pressure on Cook, saying Apple's shares should be trading at more than twice
their current value and indicating he believes the world's most valuable company
should be worth more than $1 trillion based upon the potential for the new
iPhones, iPads and other products in the near future.

"Expectations for Apple always are high," said Tim Bajarin, president of
Creative Strategies, who's bullish about the potential for the new iPhones to
give the company a record quarter. "As long as they can deliver, they'll sell as
many as they can make in this quarter."

Having new iPhones and iPads on store shelves is crucial for Apple. During the
holiday season, consumer spending on electronics in the U.S. is anticipated to
increase 2.5 per cent to $33.8 billion, the highest level since the Consumer
Electronics Association began tracking it in 1994. The top items on technology
wish lists, according to the group's annual Holiday Purchase Pattern Study, are
tablets.

