

Wall Street expected Apple to report a huge holiday quarter, and it didn't
disappoint. The iPhone maker's earnings and sales smashed even the most
optimistic expectations, sending shares higher late Tuesday.

For its fiscal first quarter ended Dec. 27, Apple earned $3.06 a share on sales
of $74.6 billion. EPS leaped 48% from a year earlier and sales 30% -- both the
best gains in 11 quarters. It was the third straight quarter of accelerating
revenue growth.

Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters forecast Apple to earn $2.60 a share on sales
of $67.69 billion.

Apple sold 74.5 million iPhones in Q1, up 46% vs. a year earlier. The consensus
was about 68 million, with the most bullish analysts targeting just over 70
million units.

Gross profit margin was 39.9% vs. 37.9% a year earlier, defying forecasts for a
dip to 37.7%.

Apple stock jumped 5% in after-hours trading. During the regular session, shares
fell 3.5% to 109.13.

"Demand for iPhone has been staggering, shattering our high expectations, with
sales of over 74 million units driven by the unprecedented popularity of the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus," Apple CEO Tim Cook said on a conference call with
analysts. "This volume is hard to comprehend. On average, we sold over 34,000
iPhones every hour, 24 hours a day, every day of the quarter."

Cook said Q1 results would have been even stronger "absent fierce foreign
exchange volatility."

For the March quarter, Apple expects sales of $52 billion to $55 billion, or
$53.5 billion at the midpoint, which is a hair below Wall Street's target. Apple
tends to give conservative guidance.

Apple didn't provide an EPS forecast, but said its gross margin should be 38.5%
to 39.5%.

Wall Street was modeling for Q2 EPS of $2.01, up 21%, on sales of $53.79
billion, up 18%.

"It was a fantastic quarter," said BGC Partners analyst Colin Gillis.

But it shows Apple's heavy reliance on the iPhone, he told IBD. It's hard to
believe that Apple could sustain these sorts of sales figures and upgrade rates,
he said.

The iPhone accounted for 69% of total sales, or $51.18 billion. The iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus models went on sale on Sept. 19, in the waning days of fiscal Q4.

The iPad business was Apple's second largest, with $8.99 billion in sales, or
12% of the total. It sold 21.4 million iPad tablets in Q1, down 18% vs. a year
earlier and below the consensus for 22.7 million. Apple's iPad sales have been
hurt by longer-than-expected upgrade cycles and cannibalization from the
big-screen iPhone 6 Plus.

Apple also sold 5.5 million Mac computers, up 14% from a year earlier.

Greater China sales leaped 70% to $16.14 billion.

Investor focus now shifts to the March quarter, which won't include the Apple
Watch. Cook said the smartwatch will begin shipping in April.

"Developers are hard at work on (Apple Watch) apps, notifications and
information summaries that we call Glances, all designed specifically for the
watch's user interface," Cook said. "The creativity and software innovation
going on around Apple Watch is incredibly exciting. And we can't wait for our
customers to experience them when Apple Watch becomes available."

Analysts expect Apple to sell about 55 million iPhones in the March quarter, up
from prior expectations for 50 million.

On the analyst call, Cook touted the Apple Pay mobile e-payment solution. He
said Apple Pay continues to attract retailers and is dominating financial
activity in the contactless payments market.

"Apple Pay is off to a very strong start and the feedback we are getting from
both individuals and institutions is extremely positive," Cook said. "Today
about 750 banks and credit unions have signed on to bring Apple Pay to their
customers, and in just three months after launch Apple Pay makes up more than $2
out $3 spent on purchases using contactless payment across the three major U.S.
card networks."

Cook said he is convinced that "2015 will be the year of Apple Pay."

Apple also has high expectations for its alliance with IBM to develop an
enterprise mobile app ecosystem for Apple iPads.

Shares of iPhone suppliers also rose late, including Skyworks Solutions, Avago
Technologies and NXP Semiconductors.

