
                             501 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday

Samsung Galaxy Note 5 gets a 'price cut' after Note 7 launch

BYLINE: Debashis Sarkar

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 384 words


NEW DELHI: Soon after Samsung introduced its latest flagship Galaxy Note 7
phablet on Tuesday, the price of older Galaxy Note 5 has seen a drop. The Galaxy
Note 5 is now available for as low as Rs 39,999 on e-commerce websites like
Flipkart and Amazon. The older Galaxy Note 5 was selling at a price of around Rs
53,000 before the official launch of the latest Galaxy Note 7.The new Galaxy
Note 7 phablet will launch on August 19 in the US.

The company has not revealed details about India launch so far. Also, though the
company has not revealed the the smartphone's pricing, it is expected to be
priced upwards of Rs 63,000 in India. Read also: Samsung Galaxy Note 7
smartphone: 8 big features The main highlight of Galaxy Note smartphones has
been their S Pen stylus. With Galaxy Note 7, Samsung has retained the Pen-like
locking mechanism which was introduced in the Galaxy Note 5, but has improved
its pressure sensitivity and has included a smaller 0.7mm tip. Other than the
stylus, the Galaxy Note 7 also brings several other enhancements and features to
the device versus Galaxy Note 5.Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is both IP68 dust and
waterproof, similar to the company's other two flagship devices -- Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 edge. This is the first Galaxy Note phablet to come with an iris
scanner. It also has a fingerprint scanner for added security.The Galaxy Note 7
is also the first Note phablet from Samsung to feature a dual-edge screen. It is
similar to the one found in the flagship Galaxy S7 edge. Compared to Galaxy Note
5, Samsung has doubled the internal memory of the Note 7 to 64GB along with
support for microSD cards of up to 256GB.The phone sports a 5.7-inch Quad HD
dual- edge Super Amoled display of 1440x2560 pixel resolution protected with
Corning Gorilla Glass 5. Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is powered by an octa-core
processor clubbed with 4GB RAM. For imaging duties, the premium phablet has a
12MP dual-pixel rear-camera with Optical Image Stabilization, along with a 5MP
front-facing shooter.The connectivity options in the device include 4G LTE, NFC,
Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS and USB Type-C. There's also a whole array of sensors
on-board, including barometer, gyro sensor, geomagnetic sensor, hall sensor,
proximity sensor and RGB light sensor.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             502 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

A galaxy of choices to swop for the Samsung Note7;
Now that Samsung has stopped production of and future support for the Note7,
users can look at these alternatives instead

BYLINE: Vincent Chang

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 903 words


From today, Samsung Galaxy Note7 owners can indicate on Samsung's website
(www.samsung.com/sg/ note7exchange) whether they prefer a full refund ($1,168)
or an exchange of their Note7 for the Galaxy S7 edge (valued at $1,098) and get
a cheque for $250 on top of that.

In addition, those who have bought original Note7 accessories can get a full
refund if they return the equipment.

But, if you are still tempted to hold onto the Note7 despite its propensity to
burst into flames, you should know that the phone is already banned by airlines
around the world.

Samsung has also stopped producing the Note7, so there won't be any software
updates in the future.

In other words, it is time to get a new smartphone. Here are some of our top
picks, assuming you chose the Note7 because you wanted a flagship phablet or a
stylus.

Samsung Galaxy S7 edge

$1,098

The Samsung Galaxy S7 edge is probably the closest thing you'll get to the
Note7.

Samsung has also stopped producing the Note7, so there won't be any software
updates in the future. In other words, it is time to get a new smartphone.

There is also the $250 sweetener that Samsung throws in to persuade consumers to
stick with its phones. This works out to an extra $180 after accounting for the
differences in retail value between the S7 edge and the Note7.

The S7 edge lacks a stylus and its 5.5-inch screen is slightly smaller than the
5.7-inch Note7.

However, it has a similar industrial design. Like the Note7, it supports
wireless charging, has a microSD card slot, and is IP68-certified to be
dust-proof and water-resistant.

The S7 edge even has a larger 3,600mAh battery than the Note7's 3,500mAh one.

More importantly, it uses the same TouchWiz software as the Note7, so users do
not need to adapt to a different interface.

In fact, some S7 edge users have reported Samsung pushing certain Note7 software
features to their phones, such as its Always-On Display, which lets users
display a photo, clock or notifications on the standby screen.

Apple iPhone 7 Plus

From $1,248 (32GB)

I know ex-iPhone users who have switched to the Samsung Galaxy Note phablets
because of their bigger screens. Of course, this was before Apple launched its
own plus-sized iPhones.

For these folks, the new 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus would seem like an ideal
replacement for the Note7.

Unless you are a die-hard Android user, Apple's iOS platform arguably offers a
more polished user experience.

In terms of water-resistance, the iPhone 7 Plus (rated at IP67) loses out to the
Note7 (IP68). But its ability to survive unscathed at down to a depth of 1m for
up to 30 mins (compared with 1.5m for the Note7) is still handy.

But the iPhone lacks wireless charging and there is no microSD expansion option.

On the other hand, the Apple device has a dual-lens camera system that gives it
a 2x optical zoom feature and the ability to easily create a bokeh, or out of
focus, effect.

The iPhone's new A10 processor is also faster than anything you'd find on an
Android smartphone.

However, the removal of the 3.5mm audio jack from the new iPhone may cause some
inconvenience for users.

LG V20

$998 (64GB), available from Nov 5

The LG V20 is the first Android smartphone to come with the Android 7.0 Nougat
operating system pre-installed. Based on what I have seen, LG has restrained
itself from excessively tweaking the software and interface, so users should
enjoy a mostly stock Android experience.

Its hardware is impressive, from a 5.7-inch quad-HD IPS display to a 32-bit
Hi-Fi DAC for lower noise and distortion. The V20 also has a second screen at
the top for app shortcuts and notifications.

There is support for a microSD card, but the V20 lacks the Note7's water
resistance. There is no stylus either.

On the other hand, the V20 has a removable 3,200mAh battery and a dual-lens
camera system.

Huawei P9 Plus

$998 (64GB only)

Huawei's flagship phablet has a different take on the dual-lens camera system.
Its second camera has a monochrome image sensor instead of a colour one.

This lets it capture more detail because the monochrome sensor absorbs more
light.

The camera, co-developed with Leica, is not the only unique feature on this
5.5-inch device. The P9 Plus has a pressure-sensitive touchscreen that, like the
3D Touch feature introduced with the iPhone 6s, adds another dimension to the
user experience.

However, it has a full-HD screen resolution compared with the Note7's quad-HD
display.

It also lacks the wireless charging or water resistance of the Note7.

The P9 Plus looks like a premium smartphone, with a metallic unibody chassis.
This also means that the battery is non-removable, though the 3,400mAh capacity
is comparable to the Note7's battery.

Samsung Galaxy Note 5

From $988 (32GB)

Unfortunately, Samsung has cornered the market on stylus-toting phablets. There
is simply no good alternative to the S Pen stylus out there.

If you can't live without a stylus, last year's Galaxy Note 5 is your only
option. The Note 5 has a similar 5.7-inch display, but its hardware is obviously
a year older than the Note7's.

It has a smaller 3,000mAh battery, a less powerful processor, no
water-resistance capability and it lacks a microSD card slot. Its rear camera is
also not as good as the one on Samsung's current flagship phones.

However, if you can get a second-hand Note 5 at a good price, this phone may
tide you over till Samsung releases a new stylus-equipped flagship phablet.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A Samsung representative serving a customer at The Crescent at the
Suntec Singapore Convention and Exhibition Centre during the exchange
arrangement for the Samsung Galaxy Note7 last month.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             503 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (Nigeria)

                             April 12, 2016 Tuesday

ICT, knowledge economy can become sustainable alternative to oil - Stakeholders

BYLINE: Uche Atuma

LENGTH: 742 words


Stories by Olabisi Olaleye bisiolaleye@gmail.com 08094000013, 08111813040
Nigeria is over-dependent on


Stories by Olabisi Olaleye
bisiolaleye@gmail.com
08094000013, 08111813040

Nigeria is over-dependent on oil as revenue and several attempts by previous and
current administrations to chart another way to increase the Gross Domestic
Product (GDP) of the country is being met with brickwalls.
In the next few years, Information and Communication Technology (ICT) and the
knowledge economy will make oil insignificant, especially with the global ICT
trend.


Just like the defunct Bank PHB's advert, 'One day, cars will run on water', that
was predicted years ago, today, a new technology is assisting cars to run on
either sugarcane ethanol or  biofuel (organic and digestable waste), not
necessarily oil.
Stakeholders in the ICT industry said though Nigeria is currently the fastest
growing telecoms market in the world but if she didn't brace up to happenings
around her, the fate of the dinosaur may await her.
They noted during the third Nigeria Digital Agenda Breakfast forum, themed:
'Beyond oil-ICT a veritable alternative', that Nigeria should leverage more on
smart ways of doing things and harness the benefits of the industry rather than
its over-dependence on oil.
Managing Director, Teledom Group, Dr. Emmanuel Ekuwem, disclosed that slavery,
colonialism and new colonialism are economic constraints to the Nigerian
ecosystem and that government should be emphatic on local production.
In his words: "There can't be innovation without knowledge, we need to
re-engineer our education system, and a situation where there is 70 per cent
against 30 per cent science students is not acceptable. There should be need to
train our children in mathematics and in another 15 to 20 years, Nigeria begins
to benefit."
Ekuwem noted that Nigeria had huge potentials and great talents but lamented
that Nigerians don't patronise themselves but believe more in expatriate, which
shouldn't be.
Buttressing Ekuwem's point, Co-Founder/CEO, Hotsauce Ltd, Mr. Dayo Adefila,
added that there was need for the implementation of science and technology
across board.
"There is an incredible growth in e-commerce, which is an element of adaptation
and being able to do something differently. We can't wait for government all the
time. We need to use ICT tools to turn around the economy for good," he said.
In his own words, President of the Association of Telecommunications Companies
of Nigeria (ATCON), Mr. Lanre Ajayi, reiterated that with appropriate government
policies, things could change and as a matter of urgency, government should
deregulate the oil and gas sector. "With deregulation, the miracle in the
telecoms sector will be duplicated in the oil and gas sector. If the sector is
deregulated, Nigerians can fix their own prices and the country will be better
for it."
President of the Nigeria Internet Registration Association (NIRA), Rev. Sunday
Afolayan also noted that Small and Medium Enterprises should be given
opportunity to showcase what they are doing, saying, "Policy is derived from
effective information and there is need for data to be taken quite seriously,
analyse and plan."

Development beyond oil forum holds today

With a glide from the third generation (3G) to 4 Generation technology, Samsung
Electronics West Africa has introduced the most advanced smartphones, the Galaxy
S7 Edge and S7 to the Nigerian market.
According to the Managing Director of Samsung Electronics West Africa, Mr. Paul
Lee, Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge highlight the most refined phone experience ever by
combining the latest technology that users expect from Samsung's Galaxy series.
Lee reiterated the company's commitment to fulfilling its brand promise of
inspiring the world and the future by bringing new and outstanding innovations
to the doorstep of consumers. "Our innovative technology has adequately captured
customers' aspirations and desires," he said.
The Galaxy S7 has a 5.1-inch display screen, while the Galaxy S7 Edge has a
5.5-inch screen. They both feature Super AMOLED display, allowing for clearer
videos and images with a resolution of 2560 x 1440 (Quad HD).
Both devices have 200GB expendable memory augmenting their 32GB of internal
storage. The devices also feature IP68 water and dust resistance, which prevent
the devices from damage when submerged in up to 1.5 meters of water for 30
minutes at a time. The S7's waterproofing includes sealed ports.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1228


                   Copyright 2016 The Sun Publishing Limited
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             504 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Sunday Tribune (South Africa)

                                 April 10, 2016
                                   E1 Edition

Edge of perfection

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 1020 words


Now they're available in South Africa and I've had a chance to spend some
quality time with the more pricey and, in my opinion, better looking of the two,
the Edge.

Did familiarity breed contempt, or did my initial love-at-first-sight blossom
into a full-blown romance?

You be the judge as I detail six reasons you'll fall hard for the Samsung Galaxy
S7 Edge.

l Beauty and brains

When its predecessor, the Galaxy S6 Edge, was launched last year, I declared
that work of high tech-art, crafted from steel and curved glass, the most
beautiful phone in the world. That title now goes to the S7 Edge which is, if
possible, even more stunning.

It now also feels great in the hand, thanks to the design wizards at Samsung
smoothing out the sharp edges and adding a subtle, but reassuringly palm-fitting
curve to the back.

This goes beyond aesthetics and ergonomics. Thanks to the extra space afforded
by the rear curve, there's room to squeeze in new components that make the S7
Edge arguably the most powerful smartphone on the market, starting with...

l A bigger battery

One of the big disappointments of the S6 line was its mediocre battery life, a
problem exacerbated by the fact that Samsung had done away with the removable
battery Galaxy power users had come to know and love over the years, eliminating
the option of popping in a fresh one when caught short between charges.

While it didn't re-introduce this feature with the S7 line, it did endow them
with bigger, better batteries. The S7 comes with a 3000mAh battery, up from the
S6's 2550mAh, while the S7 Edge, a bigger phone, boasts a beefy 3600mAh battery,
a full 1000mAh bigger than the one in last year's Edge.

I battled to get through a busy work day with its predecessor, but the S7 Edge
easily achieved this with enough juice to spare for watching videos and browsing
the web well into the wee hours - a delightful experience thanks to the 5.5-inch
quad HD Super AMOLED display.

If that's not enough, there's a range of aftermarket battery packs and wireless
charging attachments available.

l Expandable storage

Another feature absent in the S6 that makes a welcome return in the S7 is the
Micro SD card slot.

The Edge comes with either 32GB or 64GB of onboard storage (the 32GB version is
the one most widely available in SA).

Thanks to the SD card slot, that's now expandable by up to 200GB (the size of
the biggest cards currently on the market), great news if you're someone who
likes to carry their collection of favourite movies and music around with them.

l Water and dust-proof

One of the things I really liked about Samsung's long-discontinued Galaxy S5 was
its water resistance.

Although its ingress protection level of IP67 meant it was only guaranteed to
guard against brief immersion, it was enough to save the phone from a temporary
dunking like a drop in the loo or a poolside fumble.

I wasn't alone in my disappointment when Samsung removed even this mild level of
protection with the S6 line. But now it's back and better than ever.

With an IP68 rating, the S7 and S7 Edge are now both totally dust tight and will
withstand submersion in a meter-and-a-half of water for 30 minutes.

I tested this in a variety of ways with my Edge review phone, in rock pools,
under a running tap, in the shallow end of a swimming pool and in the shower,
all without incident.

Impressively, Samsung's managed to achieve this level of protection without
having to resort to fiddly flaps to cover the charging port and headphone jack.

l Better low-light pictures

Samsung's done an at-first-glance puzzling thing with the main camera on the S7
range, dropping the megapixel count from 16MP on the S6 to 12MP. It's billed
this as an upgrade because they've upped the pixel size, allowing more light
into each snap.

I've long believed raw megapixel count isn't a reliable gauge of a digital
camera's capabilities and Samsung may just have achieved the perfect balance
with the S7 and S7 Edge.

Daytime pics were crisp and clear, if not quite as detailed when zoomed in close
as those snapped with the older S6.

But low light pics were a revelation, rich, warm and surprisingly clear in
conditions that produced only fuzzy smudges from the selection of high-end
competitors I compared them with, thanks to the large f/1.7 aperture lens.

The 5MP front-facing has the same lens, so selfie fans can snap on well into the
night.

l Virtual reality

If you were one of the thousands who ordered the S7 or S7 Edge before March 20,
you'll have received a free GearVR virtual reality headset. If not, buy one for
around R1 600.

Unlike the more expensive Oculus Rift and HTC Vive which need to be paired with
a PC, to use the GearVR you simply slot a recent model, high-end Samsung
smartphone into the headset.

For now these are the S7, S7 Edge, S6, S6 Edge, S6 Edge+ and Note 5, although
Samsung has hinted that it may soon bring some of its more affordable phones
into the VR fold.

There's already a good selection of video content and games available with more
being added all the time, including the cult open world game, Minecraft.

Watch this space for a full review of the GearVR.

A few niggles

All smartphones, however impressive, have their flaws and the S7 Edge is no
exception. While the curved glass screen makes it beautiful to behold, it made
the phone a little tricky to use one-handed. I regularly found myself touching
the screen accidentally with my palm while shifting my grip and activating one
feature |or another, a minor irritation but one nevertheless.

More serious are reports I've had from various people, fellow tech journalists
among them, that S7 Edge, with curved glass on the back and front, is prone to
cracks, even from relatively minor drops. My advice would be to buy a cover,
though it seems a real pity to hide something as pretty as this away.

It's pricey, around R16 000 on prepaid, but then so are other high-end handsets,
thanks to our battered rand.

These quibbles aside, if you're in the market for a premium smartphone and
nothing but the best will do, both in terms of looks and performance, look no
further than the S7 Edge.

l Follow Alan Cooper on Twitter @alanqcooper.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NT


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             505 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                      January 29, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

5 Hot Upcoming Smartphone Launches Of 2016

BYLINE: FnF Correspondent

LENGTH: 431  words


Here are top 5 smartphones that will be launched in coming months.

Friday, January 29, 2016: 2015 was a big buzz in smartphone industry. The year
set many trends for smartphone users. Budget Android phones became smarter than
the high end devices. We have much more expectations from 2016. We will witness
many more launches and new trends in 2016. Today we have listed top 6
smartphones of 2016.

1. Blackberry Priv

Priv is Blackberry's most buzzed Android smartphone. The device is already
available in USA. The smartphone is finally coming to India this month.
Blackberry Priv sports 5.4-inch QHD display. The device is powered by Qualcomm
Snapdragon 808 SoC and 3GB RAM. Blackberry has packed 18MP of primary camera and
2MP of front facing camera in Priv. The 3410 mAh battery promises to last for a
day-long usage. Blackberry Priv comes with 32GB on board storage.

2. Samsung Galaxy S7/S7 Edge

Samsung is all set to launch Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge flagship smartphones at
MWC2016. The device will soon be launched in India. Samsung has used two
processors in S7 line: Exynos and Snapdragon. The company will launch two
versions of these devices: 5.2-inch flat screen version and 5.5-inch curved
screen version. S7 will sport 12MP primary camera. Reports claim that, the
devices will be dust and waterproof.

3. LG G5

LG will unveil its next generation flagship smarpthone, G5 much before MWC2016.
The next generation flagship device by LG will feature 5.6-inch score size and
4K display. The G5 will have somewhere between 3-6GB RAM and three storage
options- 32, 64 and 128GB. LG has packed Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor in
G5. The smartphone will sport 20MP primary snapper and 8MP selfie camera. The
device is powered by 4000 mAh battery.

4. Microsoft Surface Phone

The company is expected to launch the new series of phones at MWC. The surface
phones will feature 5.5-inch AMOLED display of 1440X2560 px resolution. The
devices will be powered by Intel Atom x3 (SoFIA) CPU and 4GB RAM. Microsoft may
pack 64GB of internal storage and external storage support up to 128GB. The
devices might sport high end 21MP primary camera and 8MP front facing wide angle
camera.

5. OnePlus 3

Smartphones from OnePlus created the great media buzz in 2015. The early stage
startup has managed to create legendary devices. OnePlus is all set to release
the next generation of its flagship smartphone. The handset will be powered by
64-bit Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 SoC and 4GB RAM. OnePlus 3 will sport full HD
AMOLED display and 4000mAh battery. The smartphone will run on Cyanogen OS with
Android Marshmallow.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2016 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             506 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           October 12, 2016 Wednesday

The best Samsung Galaxy Note 7 alternatives

BYLINE: From PCMag.com

SECTION: NATION_; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 497 words


If you have a Samsung Galaxy Note 7, you need to stop using it now.

Back up all your data to Google and Samsung accounts, factory reset the phone,
and return your phone to where you purchased it for a full refund or exchange.
There's no new unit coming. The Note 7 is done.

But now what? It's not like you can work without a phone.

G's V20 is another big Android phone, this one with a removable battery. It's
coming out on Oct. 28. Google's Pixel reportedly lands on Oct. 20.

Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge

The absolute closest thing to a Note 7 out there--minus the spontaneous
combustion--is the Galaxy S7 Edge. It's made by the same people and has many of
the same components--same processor, same modem, same cameras. The screen is
only slightly smaller. We've loved it for months. All you really lose is the S
Pen.

Apple iPhone 7 Plus

Is it time to go to the other side? Depends on how much you have invested in
Android. Apple's iPhones hit carrier stores on Friday. The 7 Plus has a lower
screen resolution than the Note 7, but looks like it has great cameras, a
terrific array of apps, and a CPU that just can't be beaten.

LG V10

LG's V20 is about to hit the market, but if you can't wait (or you can negotiate
a swap), LG V devices are the leading large phones with removable batteries.

That can really contribute to peace of mind if you're scared of batteries now.

The V10 is still an excellent phone, with a big quad-HD screen and dual selfie
cameras (a year before

Moto Z Force Droid

If you're a Verizon user, the Force is a real treat. Unlike the Note 7, the
Force has a nearly unbreakable screen, eliminating one major worry about your
phone.

It also has a terrific processor and can be expanded with magnetic accessories
including a larger battery, projector, and high-quality zoom camera.

Samsung Galaxy Note 5 There is no other phone on the market with the Samsung
Galaxy Note line's stylus capabilities. While some LG phones sell with a stylus,
they're essentially red herrings. The styli are standard capacitive units that
can work with any smartphone. Only the Galaxy Note line has had the S Pen's
pressure-sensitive technology.

So if you're addicted to the S Pen and don't want to mess around with a
third-party Bluetooth stylus like the Adonit Snap, that leaves you with the
Samsung Galaxy Note 5. This is last year's phone, and it hasn't had the habit of
exploding. Compared to the Galaxy Note 7, you're left with a smaller battery, no
MicroSD card slot and no waterproofing on a slightly larger phone. But if the S
Pen is your killer app, this is what you go with.

ZTE Axon 7 If you want to save some dough, the ZTE Axon 7 is an Editors' Choice
for providing nearly Galaxy S7-like performance at a price $250 less than
Samsung charges for the Galaxy S7. The Axon 7 has a 5.5-inch screen, all metal
body, MicroSD card slot and Snapdragon 820 processor, and it'll let you save a
good chunk of your Note 7 refund for cases, accessories, and service fees.

This article originally appeared on.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             507 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                              May 30, 2016 Monday

S7, semiconductors to lift Samsung profits in Q2

BYLINE: By Kim Yoo-chul

LENGTH: 570 words


Solid sales of Samsung Galaxy S7 and demand for flash memory chips will offset
the effects of a downturn in DRAM memory chips, boosting Samsung Electronics in
the second quarter of this year.

'Samsung Electronics is expected to report its second quarter profits above
market expectations due to good sales of the S7, improvements to its flash
memory chip business and lower Smartphone inventory,' said Shinhan Investment in
a report, Monday.

The local brokerage expects Samsung Electronics to reap more than 7 trillion won
in operating profits during the April-June period.

If the electronics giant breaks the 7 trillion won level in quarterly operating
profits, it will be a first in nine months since the firm reported 7.39 trillion
won in the third quarter of last year.

'Operating profits of Samsung's mobile business during the latest quarter will
reach 3.6 trillion won, up 12.4 percent, year-on-year. Samsung is forecast to
have shipped more than 14 million S7 smartphones for the three-month period
ended June 30, up 40 percent a quarter earlier,' said So Hyun-chul at Shinhan in
the report.

Samsung has recently been aggressive on sales of the S7 in its key target
markets, launching campaigns such as its 'one plus one' event, in which
consumers buy one S7 and get another free.

Such view is in line with Samsung officials who have said smartphone margins
will be higher than the previous quarter as low-end smartphones such as Galaxy A
and Galaxy J models are contributing more in profits.

Shinhan said the production yields for 48 layers of 3D flash memory chips have
been improving, significantly, helping its device solutions unit to reap
increased profits.

'Samsung's device solutions unit, which mainly handles the memory chip business,
is expected to report 2.6 trillion won in operating profits,' So said. 'We
believe display results will turn to the black.'

Alongside Shinhan, Korea Investment, Mirae Asset-Daewoo, LIG Investment, E-Best
Investment and Eugene Investment all expect Samsung to report an operating
profit of over 7 trillion won in the current quarter.

E-Best and LIG, which earlier both presented a 5 trillion won level of guidance
in profits, revised their estimates upwards to 7.19 trillion won and 7.06
trillion won.

'The correction is due to strong S7 traction,' LIG Investment analyst Shin
Hyun-joon said, adding their checks on Samsung's memory chip business have shown
that a weak DRAM price won't deteriorate its semiconductor business much.

'Looking forward to 2016, estimates will need to come down for the DRAM chip
business as Samsung's DRAM operating profit margins will likely drift further
down,' said Bernstein Research. 'Margins in the flash memory chips, on the other
hand, are trending better than expected. Despite the strong handset performance,
we believe Samsung will struggle to increase operating margins, year-on-year,
for the handset division this year.'

Like smartphones, Samsung is the world's top supplier in DRAM chips, the
components to be used in writing and reading the data in digital devices, with
its global share reaching over 45 percent. In the flash memory chip market,
Samsung is also the frontrunner ahead of its chief Japanese rivals.

'The consumer electronics division should perform very well in 2016 due to the
Olympics, but the division is too small to move the needle,' Bernstein added.
'Display numbers are likely to be pressured due to pricing headwinds.'

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             508 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                              May 30, 2016 Monday

S7, semiconductors to lift Samsung profits in Q2

BYLINE: By Kim Yoo-chul

LENGTH: 570 words


Solid sales of Samsung Galaxy S7 and demand for flash memory chips will offset
the effects of a downturn in DRAM memory chips, boosting Samsung Electronics in
the second quarter of this year.

'Samsung Electronics is expected to report its second quarter profits above
market expectations due to good sales of the S7, improvements to its flash
memory chip business and lower Smartphone inventory,' said Shinhan Investment in
a report, Monday.

The local brokerage expects Samsung Electronics to reap more than 7 trillion won
in operating profits during the April-June period.

If the electronics giant breaks the 7 trillion won level in quarterly operating
profits, it will be a first in nine months since the firm reported 7.39 trillion
won in the third quarter of last year.

'Operating profits of Samsung's mobile business during the latest quarter will
reach 3.6 trillion won, up 12.4 percent, year-on-year. Samsung is forecast to
have shipped more than 14 million S7 smartphones for the three-month period
ended June 30, up 40 percent a quarter earlier,' said So Hyun-chul at Shinhan in
the report.

Samsung has recently been aggressive on sales of the S7 in its key target
markets, launching campaigns such as its 'one plus one' event, in which
consumers buy one S7 and get another free.

Such view is in line with Samsung officials who have said smartphone margins
will be higher than the previous quarter as low-end smartphones such as Galaxy A
and Galaxy J models are contributing more in profits.

Shinhan said the production yields for 48 layers of 3D flash memory chips have
been improving, significantly, helping its device solutions unit to reap
increased profits.

'Samsung's device solutions unit, which mainly handles the memory chip business,
is expected to report 2.6 trillion won in operating profits,' So said. 'We
believe display results will turn to the black.'

Alongside Shinhan, Korea Investment, Mirae Asset-Daewoo, LIG Investment, E-Best
Investment and Eugene Investment all expect Samsung to report an operating
profit of over 7 trillion won in the current quarter.

E-Best and LIG, which earlier both presented a 5 trillion won level of guidance
in profits, revised their estimates upwards to 7.19 trillion won and 7.06
trillion won.

'The correction is due to strong S7 traction,' LIG Investment analyst Shin
Hyun-joon said, adding their checks on Samsung's memory chip business have shown
that a weak DRAM price won't deteriorate its semiconductor business much.

'Looking forward to 2016, estimates will need to come down for the DRAM chip
business as Samsung's DRAM operating profit margins will likely drift further
down,' said Bernstein Research. 'Margins in the flash memory chips, on the other
hand, are trending better than expected. Despite the strong handset performance,
we believe Samsung will struggle to increase operating margins, year-on-year,
for the handset division this year.'

Like smartphones, Samsung is the world's top supplier in DRAM chips, the
components to be used in writing and reading the data in digital devices, with
its global share reaching over 45 percent. In the flash memory chip market,
Samsung is also the frontrunner ahead of its chief Japanese rivals.

'The consumer electronics division should perform very well in 2016 due to the
Olympics, but the division is too small to move the needle,' Bernstein added.
'Display numbers are likely to be pressured due to pricing headwinds.'

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             509 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                        July 11, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Rumors about likely features and specs of Samsung's upcoming Galaxy Note 7
making rounds

BYLINE: Herb Ryder

LENGTH: 613  words


Samsung's upcoming Galaxy Note 7 is likely to be unveiled in the coming month,
and rumors have already been widespread about the probable features and specs of
the device. There isn't any official information so far about the handset.

A version of the device, allegedly restricted for the US carrier Verizon, has
been seen on the Geekbench benchmark database.

The device apparently a test unit has model number SM-N930V. It possesses the
Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor with 4GB RAM. The mentioned specs aren't the
same as the previously rumored details, according to which the Galaxy Note 7 is
going to be powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor and Samsung's Exynos
8893 processor in specific variants of the device, carrying 6GB RAM.

Thus according to SamMobile, the Geekbench device may just be under testing on
Verizon's network without containing the actual specifications.

It seems like the same variant of the Galaxy Note 7 was present on the AnTuTu
benchmark site, mentioning that the device has been powered by the Snapdragon
820 SoC, carries a quad-core CPU and boasts the Adreno 530 GPU.

Past week, there was another Galaxy Note 7 version which was present on
Geekbench as well, suggesting that the handset is going to have the all new
Android 7 build, also known as the Android Nougat, out of the box.

This specific Galaxy S7 variant wasn't like the alleged Verizon-bound version,
and carried the model number SM-N930F. It sported the Exynos 7420 chipset,
rather than the rumored Exynos 8893 processor.

According to a report in IBTimes by  Kukil Bora, "Rumors are rife about the
likely features and specs of Samsung's upcoming Galaxy Note 7, which is
widely-expected to be unveiled next month. While there is no official
information available about the handset, a version of the device - allegedly
bound for U.S. carrier Verizon - has been spotted on the Geekbench benchmark
database."

The device, which appears to be a test unit, carries the model number SM-N930V
and features the Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor with 4GB of RAM. These specs
don't match the previously rumored details, which suggested that the Galaxy Note
7 will be powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor and Samsung's Exynos
8893 processor in certain variants of the device, along with 6GB of RAM.

Another version of the Galaxy Note 7 appeared on Geekbench last week as well,
indicating that the handset will come with the latest Android 7 build, also
referred to as Android Nougat, out of the box. Unlike the alleged Verizon-bound
version, this particular Galaxy S7 variant was carrying the model number
SM-N930F and was sporting the Exynos 7420 chipset, instead of the rumored Exynos
8893 processor.

"Just recently, the Galaxy Note 7 popped up on Geekbench with model number
SM-930F, revealing some tidbits of information regarding its specifications. The
new AnTuTu listing shows some differences in purported specifications,"
according to a news report published by Tech Times.

Previous leaks, meanwhile, have revealed that the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 will be
rocking an advanced iris scanner for extra security, a dual-edged display
similar to that of the Galaxy S7 edge flagship and a new S Pen stylus with Air
Command features. The phablet is further expected to feature a powerful 3,600
mAh battery to fire up that high-end display, purportedly lasting for up to 20
hours of video playback.

Lastly, the Galaxy Note 7 will come as the successor to last year's Galaxy Note
5, skipping a numeral to be more in line with the Galaxy S7 series. The company
reportedly fears that launching the phablet as the Galaxy Note 6 would confuse
potential customers into thinking it was an older model.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             510 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                      February 2, 2016 Tuesday 4:12 PM GMT

Gear 360: Samsung could unveil 360-degree camera alongside the Galaxy S7

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 355 words


We already know that Samsung is going to unveil the Galaxy S7 smartphone on 21
February, but they could be revealing a 360-degree camera at the same time.

Samsung fan website SamMobile claims to have confirmed that the company is
getting ready to launch the Gear 360, a video camera that can capture 360
degrees of footage at once, allowing viewers to see different angles within a
single video, or even watch it through a virtual reality (VR) headset.

The disc-shaped camera works by using a number of fisheye lenses to film all of
the area around it at once, before stitching these different videos together
into a single 360-degree image.

SamMobile claims it will be compatible with the S7 via Bluetooth, potentially
allowing 360-degree video streaming and phone controls.

The camera reportedly has a built-in power supply, so there's no need for long
cables, and boasts many of the variables and video customisation options that
you'd find in a high-end video camera.

Samsung helped bring VR technology to the masses with their Gear VR headset, a
low-cost device that uses an ordinary Samsung phone to give users a surprisingly
good VR experience.

Read more

Samsung Galaxy S7 to be unveiled at 'Unpacked' event on 21 February

If the Gear 360 camera really is due for an imminent unveiling, Samsung could do
the same for 360-degree filmmaking.

Most 360-degree cameras currently cost hundreds and even thousands of pounds.
The models available to ordinary consumers are a bit cheaper, but they're all
fairly limited in image resolution and how long they can record for.

Whether the Gear 360 will take off or not depends heavily on the price, which
hasn't been revealed yet.

SamMobile said they expect the new camera to make its debut alongside the Galaxy
S7, at the pre-Mobile World Congress announcement in Barcelona on 21 February.

Samsung did make a lot of hints about its VR operation in a teaser trailer for
the event, but only time will tell if we'll see the Gear 360 this month.

Independent

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             511 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                      February 2, 2016 Tuesday 3:14 PM GMT

Gear 360: Samsung could be unveil 360-degree camera alongside the Galaxy S7

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 355 words


We already know that Samsung is going to unveil the Galaxy S7 smartphone on 21
February, but they could be revealing a 360-degree camera at the same time.

Samsung fan website SamMobile claims to have confirmed that the company is
getting ready to launch the Gear 360, a video camera that can capture 360
degrees of footage at once, allowing viewers to see different angles within a
single video, or even watch it through a virtual reality (VR) headset.

The disc-shaped camera works by using a number of fisheye lenses to film all of
the area around it at once, before stitching these different videos together
into a single 360-degree image.

SamMobile claims it will be compatible with the S7 via Bluetooth, potentially
allowing 360-degree video streaming and phone controls.

The camera reportedly has a built-in power supply, so there's no need for long
cables, and boasts many of the variables and video customisation options that
you'd find in a high-end video camera.

Samsung helped bring VR technology to the masses with their Gear VR headset, a
low-cost device that uses an ordinary Samsung phone to give users a surprisingly
good VR experience.

Read more

Samsung Galaxy S7 to be unveiled at 'Unpacked' event on 21 February

If the Gear 360 camera really is due for an imminent unveiling, Samsung could do
the same for 360-degree filmmaking.

Most 360-degree cameras currently cost hundreds and even thousands of pounds.
The models available to ordinary consumers are a bit cheaper, but they're all
fairly limited in image resolution and how long they can record for.

Whether the Gear 360 will take off or not depends heavily on the price, which
hasn't been revealed yet.

SamMobile said they expect the new camera to make its debut alongside the Galaxy
S7, at the pre-Mobile World Congress announcement in Barcelona on 21 February.

Samsung did make a lot of hints about its VR operation in a teaser trailer for
the event, but only time will tell if we'll see the Gear 360 this month.

Independent

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             512 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           August 24, 2016 Wednesday

Xiaomi's costliest ever smartphone in India, Mi 5, gets a price cut

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 231 words


NEW DELHI: Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi has slashed the price of its flagship
smartphone Mi 5 in India. Launched at Rs 24,999, the smartphone is now available
at Rs 22,999 (post a discount of Rs 2,000).

Xiaomi India head Manu Jain tweeted that the smartphone has got a price cut and
is now available on Flipkart and on the company's official website mi.com at the
new price.

Xiaomi launched the Mi 5 in March this year. The smartphone is the company's
most expensive handset launched in India so far.

As for specifications, Xiaomi Mi 5 flaunts a 5.15-inch full HD display with
1920x1080 pixels resolution. The handset runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow
operating system and is powered by a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820
processor. The device offers 3GB of RAM and 32GB of internal storage.

The connectivity options of the device include 4G, LTE, 3G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth,
GPS, NFC, USB Type C and packs a 3,000 mAh battery with Qualcomm Quick Charge
support.

Recently, Samsung also slashed the prices of its flagship smartphone Galaxy S7
and Galaxy S7 Edge. Both the devices have received a price cut of Rs 5,000,
according to Mumbai-based retailer Mahesh Telecom.

Samsung Galaxy S7, which was launched at a price of Rs 48,900, is now available
at Rs 43,400. On the other hand, the Galaxy S7 Edge is now available at Rs
50,900, which was launched at Rs 56,900.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             513 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           August 24, 2016 Wednesday

Xiaomi's costliest ever smartphone in India, Mi 5, gets a price cut

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 231 words


NEW DELHI: Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi has slashed the price of its flagship
smartphone Mi 5 in India. Launched at Rs 24,999, the smartphone is now available
at Rs 22,999 (post a discount of Rs 2,000).

Xiaomi India head Manu Jain tweeted that the smartphone has got a price cut and
is now available on Flipkart and on the company's official website mi.com at the
new price.

Xiaomi launched the Mi 5 in March this year. The smartphone is the company's
most expensive handset launched in India so far.

As for specifications, Xiaomi Mi 5 flaunts a 5.15-inch full HD display with
1920x1080 pixels resolution. The handset runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow
operating system and is powered by a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820
processor. The device offers 3GB of RAM and 32GB of internal storage.

The connectivity options of the device include 4G, LTE, 3G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth,
GPS, NFC, USB Type C and packs a 3,000 mAh battery with Qualcomm Quick Charge
support.

Recently, Samsung also slashed the prices of its flagship smartphone Galaxy S7
and Galaxy S7 Edge. Both the devices have received a price cut of Rs 5,000,
according to Mumbai-based retailer Mahesh Telecom.

Samsung Galaxy S7, which was launched at a price of Rs 48,900, is now available
at Rs 43,400. On the other hand, the Galaxy S7 Edge is now available at Rs
50,900, which was launched at Rs 56,900.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             514 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                              May 27, 2016 Friday

HTC 10: 7 reasons you should consider buying it

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 453 words


HTC is trying hard to make a comeback and its latest flagship - HTC 10 , seems
to be a step towards that only. The smartphone has the right combination of
power and aesthetics. For HTC loyalists, the flagship launched in India within a
month of its global launch, so it wasn't that long of a wait either.The
smartphone has all the right features to compete with the likes of Samsung
Galaxy S7 , S7 Edge, LG G5 and Apple iPhone 6s. The HTC 10 will be available
starting June 5.The market for flagship smartphones still continues to exist, as
cheap Chinese devices aren't to everyone's liking.

That said, here are seven reasons why you should consider buying the latest HTC
10.1) Full metal designHTC 10 is among the best devices the Taiwanese smartphone
maker has ever designed. The phone's design is a combination of One A9 and M9,
having a full metal unibody with a curved back. Build quality is extremely good
and the device looks premium and stylish.2) Great displayHTC has put the best
possible display to its flagship HTC 10. The phone sports a 5.2-inch QHD super
LCD (5th generation) display with a resolution of 1440x2560 pixel and Gorilla
Glass protection. It is at par with Samsung's Super AMOLED panels, found on
flagships such as the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge.3) India gets the global
versionWhile Samsung launched the Exynos processor toting variant of its
flagship Galaxy S7 in India, HTC has ensured that India gets the Snapdragon 820
powered version of the HTC 10. Built to perform, the device boasts an AnTuTu
Benchmark score of over 1,30,000.4) Virtually unlimited storageHTC 10 comes with
4GB of RAM and is available in 32GB and 64GB internal storage variants. Not just
that, the device supports microSD cards of up to 2TB ensuring users don't face
any storage issues.5) Nexus-like user experienceHTC 10 has a very clean user
interface. That's because the latest version of the company's new sense UI is
very similar to stock Android, and delivers an almost Nexus-like experience. It
also includes some handy extras. For instance, a new preloaded app called Boost+
clears up junk files and frees up memory. It can also be used to lock individual
apps with fingerprint. This means that everything from WhatsApp to photo gallery
can be secured by fingerprints.6) High resolution audioWith the HTC 10, the
company has ensured that its flagships offers great audio via the external
speakers. The BoomSound enhanced speakers are loud and and support high
resolution audio. HTC has even included hi-res certified earbuds with the
flagship.7) Competitive pricingHTC 10 is priced quite competitively. At a price
of Rs 52,990, it is cheaper than the Samsung Galaxy S7 and LG G5.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             515 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Saudi Gazette

                          February 24, 2016 Wednesday

With its new S7 phone, Samsung looks even more like Apple

LENGTH: 851  words


NEW YORK - Apple and Samsung phones, which have been looking more and more alike
over the past few years, are much closer to virtual twins with Samsung's latest
Galaxy S7.

The convergence began two years ago when iPhones got larger, mimicking Samsung's
once-innovative, plus-sized "phablets."

Last spring, Samsung started emphasizing higher quality materials and
sophisticated design, just as Apple had for years. And last fall, Apple boosted
the resolution on the iPhone camera, narrowing one of the major gaps it had with
Samsung.

With the S7, Samsung is lowering its camera's resolution - you read that right -
to match the iPhone's 12 megapixels.

To be sure, there are key differences. Only the latest iPhones have special
features you activate by pressing harder on an icon or link, while Samsung is
among the biggest boosters of virtual reality.

It's too early to say which phone is better. Though Samsung announced the S7 on
Sunday at a wireless show in Barcelona, Spain, the phone isn't coming out until
March 11. My hands-on time has been limited to controlled settings.

And for most users it may end up being a draw - Samsung leads the pack among
Android phones, while Apple has its own self-contained ecosystem, iOS. For many,
a choice between the two could come down to preference for one system or another
- and the apps available for each.

For now, here's how Apple and Samsung phones stack up:

CAMERA

For both, the rear cameras are now at 12 megapixels - up from 8 for iPhones and
down from 18 for Samsung. That doesn't mean Samsung photos are getting worse,
though.

In making the change, Samsung adopted the iPhone's 4-by-3 dimension, ditching
the widescreen format it had long used.

Widescreen produces vertical shots that are awkwardly tall, such that I've had
to crop them to 4-by-3 anyway. The 6 megapixel reduction is equivalent to
chopping off the excess.

The front cameras are both at 5 megapixels, after Apple boosted its resolution
in the iPhone last fall. Apple also turned the screen into a flash for selfies.
Samsung, ever the fast follower, is now doing the same with the S7.

Samsung is promising improvements in low-light shots, borrowing techniques from
full-bodied, SLR cameras, though it'll require extensive tests to see how well
the camera performs.

Even with last year's models, Samsung cameras tend to produce brighter night
shots than the iPhone. But I've also seen more distortion when those shots are
blown up. We'll see if that's been fixed with the S7.

SIZE

Samsung's 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 is slightly larger and heavier than the 4.7-inch
iPhone 6s, but not much so.

There's a premium version of the S7 called the S7 Edge; both sides curve like a
waterfall, such that the screen flows over the side to the back of the phone.

The Edge screen is 5.5 inches, but much of that comes from the curvature. The
phone itself is taller, but just a tad wider and heavier.

Compared with the 5.5-inch iPhone 6s Plus, though, the S7 Edge is smaller.

EXTRAS

Neither the iPhone nor the S7 phone lets you replace the battery with a spare.
But the S7 does let you add storage. And the base model is 32 gigabytes, double
what the iPhone offers for starters.

Unlike the iPhone, the S7 is waterproof. There's no need to keep USB and other
ports sealed, as past waterproof phones did. T

he S7 also offers wireless charging; you simply lay the phone flat on a charging
base. However, wireless charging is typically slower than plugging in a USB
charger.

Apple and Samsung both let you unlock phones with your fingerprint rather than a
passcode. And both let you make payments with a tap at some retail stores.

The Samsung Pay service works with a greater range of merchants, but with credit
cards from fewer banks and in fewer countries for now than Apple Pay.

SHORTCUTS

The latest iPhones and the S7 Edge have shortcuts to common tasks, such as
taking selfies. With the iPhone, you hard press on an app icon. With the Edge,
you swipe from the right edge. That swipe also gets you headlines, frequent
contacts and favorite apps.

Apple lets third-party app makers create their own shortcuts, while Samsung does
not.

VIRTUAL REALITY

Samsung is ahead of Apple, though it faces competition from other Android
manufacturers, including LG.

Samsung already has its own VR headset, while LG is coming out with one. They
won't work with each other's phones or any other Android phone.

Both companies will soon sell 360-degree cameras for taking VR video. Apps on
the phone will ease sharing with friends and viewing on the VR devices.

AVAILABILITY

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus have been available since September. There has been
speculation that Apple is coming out with a smaller model soon, but it's not
expected to have all of the advanced features found in the 6S phones.

Advance orders for the S7 phones started this week. March 11 is the release date
in the U.S. and several other markets.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/511/1526/8/145632384575.jpg

A table of Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge mobile phones and smartwatches line a
table in Samsung's flagship store, Samsung 837, in New York's Meatpacking
District on Monday, Feb 22, 2016. - AP

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1526


                       Copyright 2016 The Saudi Gazette.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             516 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Voice & Data

                                October 23, 2016

Samsung to launch only 4G devices in India

BYLINE: Sanjeeb Kumar Sahoo

LENGTH: 271  words


NEW DELHI: After the fiasco of high-end Samsung Galaxy Note 7, the South-Korean
tech giant is facing a major loss of market share across the globe. However,
Samsung Electronic India isn't giving up and is ready to strike back and bring
its lost glory with 4G devices.

Hoping to recover from the fall, Samsung announced that it will make all the
future launches in India with 4G facilities, including entry level smartphones.

Manu Sharma, Vice President, Mobile Business, Samsung India said, "There is huge
conversion happening from feature phones to smartphones at the entry level. This
migration will continue. All the future launches, including entry level segment,
will have 4G facilities and we will sell 4G devices. But at the same time, there
will be a certain set of feature phones users because of price points."

The company has already started making changes with the pre-book orders. Sharma
further said, "We have converted the Note 7 pre-booked customers in India to S7
and S7 Edge. We are humbled by the loyalty of the consumers towards the brand.
There is now a strong sales momentum on S7 and S7 Edge. By virtue of being a
full-range player with 25 models across segments, we are confident to grow our
share and sales this quarter."

According to latest data, in the smartphone market, the mobile maker at present
has 48.7 percent share in terms of value. Specifically, the sales of Galaxy S7
and S7 Edge raked up from 20 percent to 40 percent within the last 10 days.

The company also mentioned that if consumers don't want to replace the pre-order
for S7, they can go to the service center and get the amount refunded.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


            Copyright 2016 Voice & Data, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             517 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

All the latest launches from Mobile World Congress 2016

BYLINE: Karan Bajaj

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 967 words


It's the time of the year when we get to see the best Android smartphones - and
these should all be coming to India soon. ET reports from the Mobile World
Congress in Barcelona.

Samsung S7, S7 Edge - The Galaxy S6, S6 Edge and S6 Edge Plus were widely
regarded as the best Samsung phones ever. There were a lot of expectations from
the next Galaxy S series and Samsung didn't disappoint. Both the S7 and S7 Edge
feature top of the line processors (quad core/octa core depending on region),
4GB RAM, 32GB storage, 3000mAh battery (S7), 3,600mAh battery (S7 Edge) and
expandable storage thanks to a hybrid SIM slot. Both phones also have an updated
camera module - primary 12MP dual pixel sensor and front 5MP camera - both with
f1.7 aperture which is the best available on any smartphone today.

S7 and S7 Edge both have super amoled displays with 2560 x 1440 pixel
resolution. While S7 has a 5.1-inch screen, the S7 Edge is a dual curved
5.5-inch. Samsung focused on the software side too with features like an 'always
on' display, game optimization and game tools. The design is similar, but the
changes make the S7 and S7 Edge great successors to the S6 and S6 Edge Plus.
Expected to launch in India mid-march

LG G5 - LG's 2016 flagship was high on innovation thanks to the unique modular
design. The base can be popped out and replaced with other modules like a camera
grip or a Hi-Fi DAC for better sound. The 5.3-inch qHD display is an IPS panel
but LG has still included an always - on display which consumes very little
power.

It boasts of a dual camera setup: a 16MP primary lens and an 8MP secondary wide
angle lens with optical image stabilization, laser autofocus and 4k video
recording. Hardware specifications are top of the line - Snapdragon 820
processor, 4GB RAM, 32GB storage (expandable) and a 2,800mAh battery. The phone
runs Android 6.0 with a completely overhauled user interface by LG.

Lenovo Vibe K5/ Vibe K5 Plus - Lenovo teased its fans for a few weeks with
glimpses of their upcoming smartphone and it was finally launched at MWC 2016.
Called the Lenovo Vibe K5 and K5 plus, both phones are budget offerings priced
between $129 to $150.

While the Vibe K5 has a 5-inch HD display, K5 plus has a 5-inch full HD display.
Hardware on both devices includes 2GB RAM, 16GB storage, 13MP primary camera, a
5MP front camera, expandable storage and a 2,750mAh battery. The difference is
that the K5 has a Snapdragon 415 while the K5 Plus features the more powerful
Snapdragon 616 processor.

Obi MV1 - Obi announced just one smartphone at their launch party: the MV1.
Unusually for a big MWC announcement, this is a budget smartphone with a 5-inch
raised glass HD display, Snapdragon 212 processor, 1/2GB RAM, 16GB storage and a
2,500mAh battery. You also get an 8MP primary camera, 2MP front camera, dual SIM
slots, a microSD slot for expansion and integrated DTS audio technology. It is
priced at $149 and is expected to arrive in India by April this year.

Sony Xperia X and XA - Both new Sony phones have a new metal design and feature
a 5-inch displays (720p on XA, 1080p on X). The Xperia XA is the more affordable
device with a Mediatek processor, 2GB RAM, 16GB storage, 2,300mAh battery, a
13MP primary camera and 8MP front camera. The Xperia X, on the other hand, has a
Snapdragon 650 processor, 3GB RAM, 32GB storage and a 2,620mAh battery.

Other impressive features of the Xperia X include 23MP primary camera, 13MP
front facing camera, fingerprint scanner and expandable storage. Sony also
showed off a variant of the Xperia X called the Sony Xperia X performance - it
has the latest Snapdragon 820 processor for improved performance and is IP68
certified for dust and water resistance.

Huawei Mate Book - Huawei's ultraportable 2-in-1 comes with a fancy keyboard
case. Inside the lightweight (630 grams) metal body is a 12-inch display (2160 x
1440 pixels). Specifications include an Intel Core M processor, up to 8GB RAM,
up to 512GB SSD storage and a 4,430mAh battery with a 9 hour battery life. The
keyboard cover is included in the tablet's starting price of $699.

Samsung Gear 360 - Samsung's 360-degree camera was a surprise launch. It has
dual 15MP wide angle lens on each side for and a tripod socket mount to prop it
up. Images are stored on the microSD slot while the built-in battery is good for
140 minutes of recording. Although content is on the microSD, it requires an app
to convert and join together the 360 photos.

Gionee Elife S8 - Apart from a change in their brand logo, Gionee announced a
new flagship called the Elife S8. The S8 is the first smartphone (after iPhone
6S) to come with 3D touch technology. It has a 5.5-inch amoled full HD display
and inside the phone is a Mediatek Helio P10 processor, 4GB RAM, 32GB storage,
hybrid SIM slot and a 3,000mAh battery.

Gionee boasted of this being the first all-metal smartphone with invisible
antennas (the usual lines /bands for the antennas were not visible anywhere).
You get a 16MP f1.8 rear camera, 8MP front camera and a fingerprint scanner in
the home button along with the usual 4G, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connectivity. This
is also the company's first smartphone to come with AmigoUI based on Android 6.0

HP Elite X3 - HP surprised everyone with a new Windows 10 Phablet that uses
Continuum to convert to a Windows 10 desktop computer. However, instead of the
usual dock, the Elite X3 has its own cradle type dock to connect to a TV. It is
also the most powerful Windows 10 Mobile available today: Snapdragon 820, 4GB
RAM, 64GB storageand a massive 4,150mAh battery. The 6-inch display has a
resolution of 2560 x 1440 pixels and you also get expandable storage, a
fingerprint scanner and an iris scanner.

Disclaimer: The author's trip to MWC 2016 was sponsored by Samsung Electronics

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             518 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Central Asian News Service (English language)

                              June 17, 2016 Friday

Samsung to start producing Galaxy Note 7 next month

LENGTH: 276  words


Samsung may ramp up a hefty supply of its Galaxy Note 7 for an August rollout,
says CNET.

The South Korea-based electronics maker will reportedly manufacture 5 million
units of its next stylus-based phablet for its initial supply, an anonymous
industry source said.



For last year's Galaxy Note 5, Samsung produced 5 million units for an entire
quarter. A larger initial supply of the Note 7 would indicate that the company
expects better sales of this year's model.

In recent years, Samsung has struggled with weaker smartphone sales. But heavy
demand for the Galaxy S7 smartphone helped revive Samsung's fortunes, triggering
a 12 percent jump in earnings last quarter. The company may be counting on that
same mojo to carry over to its next Galaxy Note device.

Samsung will outfit the Galaxy Note 7 with a dual-edge display. The company has
already adopted curved displays on both sides of its Galaxy S6 Edge and Galaxy
S7 Edge phones. The Galaxy Note Edge sported a curved display but just on one
side. This would be the first time a Galaxy Note device may include two curved
edges. The device, a hybrid of a phone and a tablet, is also rumored to sport a
5.8-inch screen and an iris scanner.

The new Galaxy Note could be unveiled on August 2, at least according to an
image leaked earlier this week, as shown by blog site Sammobile and other sites.
The tagline on the alleged image states: "The next edge is just around the
corner." The Galaxy Note 5 is Samsung's current Note model. But rumors suggest
that the company will bypass the Note 6 name to bring the Note's numbering in
line with its flagship Galaxy lineup, which currently stands at S7.AKIpress

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 894


                            Copyright 2016 AKIpress
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             519 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                             October 2, 2015 Friday

Samsung Electronics to use Qualcomm chips for some Galaxy S7 phones: Electronic
Times

LENGTH: 174  words


Samsung Electronics Co Ltd will use Qualcomm Inc's mobile processors for some of
its upcoming flagship Galaxy S smartphones, South Korea's Electronic Times
reported on Friday citing unnamed industry sources.

The paper said Samsung will use Qualcomm's Snapdragon 820 chips for the Galaxy
S7 phones, which are expected to launch early next year and which will be sold
in the United States and China. Galaxy S7 phones sold in other markets will be
powered by Samsung's own Exynos processors, the paper said.

A Samsung spokeswoman said the firm does not comment on rumors or speculation.
Qualcomm could not be immediately reached for comment.

The South Korean firm used only its Exynos processors for the flagship Galaxy S6
smartphones this year, dealing a major blow to the U.S. chipmaker. But Samsung
said earlier this year that it could opt to use Qualcomm chips in the future.

Samsung has previously sourced mobile processors from both Qualcomm and through
its own chips division for its premium devices including its Galaxy S and Galaxy
Note series.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             520 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                     February 23, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Samsung Announces The Enterprise Device Program to Further Business
Transformation

LENGTH: 536  words


Tuesday, February 23, 2016: Samsung today announced a series of initiatives
targeting enterprise mobility, focused on security, productivity and choice.
Samsung is committed to helping businesses with their mobility and productivity
needs, ranging from hardware to business applications as well as creating a set
of unique solutions secured by Samsung's KNOX platform. These solutions will be
available starting with the Samsung Galaxy S7.

An Expanded Commitment to Secure Mobility

Android is a secure and trusted platform ready for enterprises to deploy robust
business solutions now. Samsung delivers the industry leading mobile security
platform and starting with the Galaxy S7, Samsung extends this leadership by
delivering Android for Work (AfW) hardened by Samsung KNOX. This allows AfW
customers to realize the same core elements of hardware-backed protection that
Government and other highly regulated industries receive when they use Samsung
KNOX. Customers continue to preserve their investments and automatically benefit
from the KNOX security platform.

"Samsung is giving enterprises and professionals the most productive and secure
mobility experience available on the market today," said Dr. Injong Rhee,
Executive Vice President and Head of R&D, Software and Services, Mobile
Communications Business at Samsung Electronics. "You gain next-generation
innovation that can help bring you and your business to a new level of growth.
The robustness of Android, the award winning security benefits of KNOX cannot be
matched."

Enterprise Device Program

Starting with the Galaxy S7, Samsung is also announcing the Enterprise Device
Program (EDP). This multi-faceted program is designed to give businesses
confidence in the purchase decision with respect to security and availability of
the devices. There are two core components of the EDP:

Monthly Security Updates

In 2015, Samsung began working with industry partners and operators to
distribute monthly Android security updates on Samsung Galaxy devices. Samsung
has extended their security commitments to now include over 100 countries. These
critical security updates include both Android core and Samsung specific
security patches. This gives the global customer base assurances they will
receive security updates in a timely manner to maximize device security and
productivity.

"With Android for Work, we've invested a lot to make Android a trusted platform
for people to use in the workplace. With Samsung further reinforcing the
platform with KNOX and committing to monthly security updates, the Samsung
Galaxy S7 will be one of the best choices on the market today for enterprises,"
said Hiroshi Lockheimer, SVP of Android, Chrome OS & Chromecast at Google.

Two-year Device Purchase Program

Samsung recognizes the need for enterprises to have a complete device lifecycle
management program in place. Enterprise customers are now able to take advantage
of a two-year purchase assurance program for select device models, starting with
the Galaxy S7, giving them the ability to purchase the same device model up to
two years from the device's market availability. This program will simplify how
customers define their fleet of devices and manage their refresh cycles.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2016 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             521 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                             July 14, 2016 Thursday

Samsung Galaxy outsells Apple iPhone in US

BYLINE: By Kim Yoo-chul

LENGTH: 527 words


Company plans to promote ¡®Samsung Pay' in US

The latest figures on smartphone sales in the U.S. show Samsung Electronics
beating out its rival Apple there between March and May.

Data from Kantar WorldPanel showed that Samsung's Galaxy S7 smartphone outsold
Apple's iPhone 6S and 6S Plus between March and May this year.

The research firm said Samsung Electronics was the top player with a share of 37
percent, followed by Apple with 29 percent.

In terms of shares for their flagship products, the Galaxy S7 grabbed 16
percent, while that of Apple's iPhone 6S and 6S Plus line remained at 14.6
percent, according to Kantar.

Samsung Electronics has expanded its product lineup to more than a dozen models
on the back of its in-house manufacturing capability, compared to Apple's nine
iPhones.

But Apple had stronger brand loyalty than Samsung, as 88 percent of current
Apple device users responded that they will continue to use Apple products,
compared to 86 percent of Samsung Galaxy users.

Five percent of Apple users moved to Samsung Galaxy, while the portion moving
from Galaxy to the iPhone was 14 percent.

Samsung officials and analysts say the latest results don't necessarily mean
that Samsung is a 'firm leader' in the U.S. smartphone market. But they say the
analysis is indicative that Apple is losing its luster on its home ground.

'The question is will consumers want to buy iPhones at a time when Samsung
phones and even phones from other companies are getting better and more
sophisticated in terms of software and hardware. This is why Apple will be
releasing its curved iPhones using much brighter OLED panels late next year
which Samsung Display will be handling,' said an official.

Samsung Pay in US

A senior executive said the company plans to jointly promote its mobile payment
system, Samsung Pay, with U.S. carriers.

'Talks with major U.S. carriers were successful. Samsung plans to launch
campaigns to promote Samsung Pay in the U.S.,' said Samsung Electronics
President Ko Dong-jin, who also oversees the company's handset business.

The executive added the company hopes for upcoming promotional campaigns to win
over more U.S. customers to the Samsung-developed mobile payment system.

'Initial response of Samsung Pay was quite impressive and solid. The response
from markets where Samsung Pay has already been available is also good. If U.S.
consumers are satisfied with Samsung Pay, then they will buy Samsung phones,' Ko
said in a meeting with local reporters.

'Samsung is hoping to enjoy more lock-in effects by expanding Samsung Pay in the
U.S. Whether or not we will see an increase of Samsung phone sales will depend
on the expansion of Samsung Pay,' said Kwon Seong-ryeol, an analyst at Dongbu
Securities.

Samsung Pay was introduced there last October. Galaxy S6, S6 Edge, Edge Plus,
S7, S7 Edge, Galaxy Note 5, Galaxy A9 and Galaxy A7, support the Pay system.

Ko remained confident on the outlook for Samsung's upcoming Galaxy Note 7.

Samsung sent an invitation letter to industry officials, press and developers
for a company event to release the Note 7 in New York, Aug. 2. The 'Unpacked'
event will be broadcast live in London and Rio de Janeiro.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             522 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                            October 24, 2016 Monday

Samsung's new Note 7 update programme lets customers get Galaxy S8

LENGTH: 93  words


Samsung Electronics Co Ltd said on Monday it is offering an upgrade programme to
Galaxy Note 7 customers in South Korea who trade in their recalled device for a
Galaxy S7 phone.In a statement, Samsung said customers who trade in their Note 7
phone for either a flat-screen or curved-screen version of the Galaxy S7 can
trade up for a Galaxy S8 or Note 8 smartphone launching next year through an
upgrade programme.

Users in the upgrade programme will have to pay half of the price of a Galaxy S7
device before exchanging to the S8 or the Note 8, Samsung said.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             523 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                      March 30, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Xiaomi Mi 5: Wait for It

BYLINE: Lila Ray

LENGTH: 459  words


The next 'flagship' handset from the Chinese firm is getting many Indians
excited

There's one smartphone causing a big stir--and it's not even here yet. Xiaomi's
Mi 5. It's launching in India tomorrow.

One reason is that Xiaomi knows how to create a stir. The other is that the Mi 5
is packed with all sorts of stuff for an affordable price. When it starts
shipping in April, the Mi 5 will be some nice competition for the OnePlus 2.

Right now, however, people are comparing the Mi 5, which will be sort of
Xiaomi's flagship, with Samsung's flagship Galaxy S7. It isn't anywhere near as
beautiful as the S7 but it does have a lot of high-end features at half the
cost.

The Mi 5 isn't a huge phone, for a change. It's 5.1 inches and reportedly is
very nice to hold, if not behold. The Verge called it an "alarmingly good
phone." The competition will certainly think so.

The biggest specification of all, coming with the the Mi 5, is the Qualcomm
Snapdragon 820 chipset. That's what the non-Indian version of the Galaxy S7 has,
though Samsung's Exynos processor is faster on the Indian S7. But whatever --
it'll be one fast device.

There's three versions of the Mi 5 in China -- 32GB, 64GB and 128GB, with 3GB on
the low and 4GB RAM on the high end model. No MicroSD card slot on any of them,
but dual-SIM slots and support for 4G on bands used in India.

The Mi 5 also seems to be available in a "3D glass" model, which is really all
about a slight curve to the glass and metal, and a ceramic back model. It's said
to be light and great to hold.

Some may be pleased to see a USB Type C port on the Mi 5. That's nice because
it's so much easier to use, but I'd be terrified of losing the cable and then
having a tough time replacing it because they're not yet as common as regular
ones. Also connecting anything else to the phone becomes a nuisance.

The phone has fast charging 3.0, which I tell you, should become mandatory for
all. People are hoping there'll be some new power banks launched as well.

The 16MP camera on the Mi 5 is touted to be flagship level. I've seen tests
comparing that closely with the Galaxy S7's 12MP camera. Both have Phase
Detection Auto Focus or PDAF. It's not reported to be as good as the S7's
camera, but it may well turn out to be better than any in its price category.
The front facing shooter is a 4MP ultra pixel with lots of beauty filters which
you can use while video conferencing.

The Mi 5 also has a fingerprint sensor, NFC, and infra-red.

It launches tomorrow, March 31, but availability will be sometime in
April-likely through the flash sales Xiaomi is notorious for. Mi fans are
waiting for it. Are you?

Lila Ray is a corporate consultant who likes her gadgets almost more than her
shoes. Write to her at raylila@outlook.com

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             524 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                            August 11, 2016 Thursday

Now you can write a Note underwater

LENGTH: 816  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Aug. 11 -- Should you find yourself in the unenviable position of
having to write something down while underwater, you should take your Galaxy
Note 7 along because this is about the one device that will let you do it.
Samsung has taken its category-starting 'phablet' up a notch with IP68 rating
water resistance and a host of other tricks. The Note 7, launched in India
today, will be available at a price of Rs 59,900 from September 2.


 But what does it look like?
 Hold a Galaxy S7 Edge in one hand and a Note 7 in the other and you'll be hard
put to to find any major differences. The Note 7 has a slightly bigger screen at
5.7 inches to the S7's 5.5-inch display. The Note's display is dual-edged,
rounded both for beauty and ergonomics, and there are some small differences
such as the upper and lower bezel size. Samsung has obviously seen fit not to
interfere with a design that has worked since the Galaxy S6 and although there
are groans that there's no adventurous new design, the pre-orders are pouring
in, at least in South Korea. It does, after all, come with some innovations.
 Easy on the iris
 The much talked-of iris scanner is indeed present on the new Note 7, launched
today in India and to be available sometime early September.
 The feature works very well too. It takes little time to register the user's
irises and once that's done, very little time to unlock the phone when raised to
eye level. Wearers of thick glasses may have a little trouble.
 This security feature is also meant to come into play when unlocking secured
content and using Samsung Pay.
 A mightier pen
 Samsung has improved what makes the Note the Note, the stylus or S-Pen. It's
easier to hold because of its new material and edges and has a finer tip making
handwriting even closer to the real thing than before. As with the Note 5, you
can write on the sleeping screen but this time, you can write more and pin the
note to the lock screen - just in case you don't trust yourself to remember
something.
 The S-Pen goes beyond writing by getting along better with more apps via its
command menu, triggered by withdrawing the pen from its slot or clicking its
little button. Among the clever things the S-Pen now does is to let you hover
over a word and translate it into over 60 languages - though there are probably
faster ways.
 It smart-selects objects such as a portion of a video for you to write on and
share as an animation on social networks, and if none of this is your cup of
tea, it lets you paint with oil effects.
 Add-on accessories
 Samsung fully means to tempt users to pick up optional accessories to go with
the Note 7. To begin with there are some fancy cases such as the LED View case
which magically lights up to show information on the cover. There's a standing
cover, for those who plan to set the phone down to watch a video. The Gear VR,
the virtual reality headset launched earlier, has been improved with a wider
view and there's always the wireless charger. But now, add to that a wireless
pair of earphones meant, not really for music, but for those who want to workout
with music and instructions. For high quality music you still have to plug in
headphones, but to workout, you could opt for the earbuds - and hope they fit
your ears well.
 Samsung's Gear Fit has also been upgraded to version 2 and is now larger and a
tracker of specific exercise types, including yoga and Pilates. Related apps
will let Indian users track their calorie intake.
 Everything else
 The specs on the Note 7 are similar to those of the S7 and Edge. India will see
a dual-sim device.
 Quad HD 2560x1440 pixel AMOLED display
 4GB RAM
 518ppi density Octa-core Samsung Exynos 8 processor with 4GB LPDDRA RAM.
 All models have 64GB storage expandable by 256 GB
 3,500mAh battery with fast and wireless charging USB Type-C port
 12MP Dual Pixel sensor with F1.7 lens
 Iris scanner, fingerprint sensor, Knox security
 The display, thought by reviewers to be the best in the business, and camera
are the same as on the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge but with some enhancements. For
example, on the Note 7 you can view (but not capture) HDR video and zoom into
the details.
 Samsung has been riding high on its recovery from a decline in mobile sales for
the past two quarters. The Galaxy S7 has seen good sales and Samsung hopes the
trend will continue with the Note 7. For those who already happen to own either
the S7 or S7 Edge, for which they will have paid a tidy sum, the Note 7 may not
be enough of an upgrade unless there is a specific need for the stylus. For
anyone with an older version of the Note, not including the Note 5, the new
version may be compelling enough, considering the significant improvement to the
S-Pen, the best-in-class camera and features like the iris scanner.
 For first-time buyers of the Note series, it's an expensive buy but one that
brings the most capable Android phone so far.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             525 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  My Republica

                            October 24, 2016 Monday

Samsung's new Note 7 update program lets customers get Galaxy S8

LENGTH: 128 words

DATELINE: Nepal


Nepal, Oct. 24 -- Samsung Electronics Co Ltd said on Monday it is offering an
upgrade programme to Galaxy Note 7 customers in South Korea who trade in their
recalled device for a Galaxy S7 phone.

In a statement, Samsung said customers who trade in their Note 7 phone for
either a flat-screen or curved-screen version of the Galaxy S7 can trade up for
a Galaxy S8 or Note 8 smartphone launching next year through an upgrade
programme.

Users in the upgrade programme will have to pay half of the price of a Galaxy S7
device before exchanging to the S8 or the Note 8, Samsung said.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Republica. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Nepal Republic Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             526 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               New York Observer

                             August 2, 2016 Tuesday

These Features Prove Samsung's New Phone Is Straight Out of a Sci-Fi Movie

BYLINE: Sage Lazzaro

LENGTH: 541 words


Samsung just unveiled its latest phone-the Galaxy Note 7.

You may have noticed that the last Note was number 5, meaning the Note 6 was
skipped. Well, there's a good reason for that. Basically, the new Note has the
capabilities of its line while borrowing the best features from the Galaxy S7.
This phone boasts top-notch technology and some never-before-seen features,
which the Observer got a sneak peek of last week. The phone is set for release
on August 19th, but you can pre-order it as early as tomorrow.

Here's what you need to know about Samsung's new Galaxy Note 7:



The iris scanner is the future More security.
#GalaxyNote7pic.twitter.com/rGQ7Y9mumX - Samsung Mobile US (@SamsungMobileUS)
August 2, 2016

Straight out of a science fiction movie, the new Galaxy Note 7 allows you to
unlock your phone with your eye. It's extremely fast and accurate, making it as
quick as your fingerprint and making it possible to open your phone even faster
than you can with a passcode. And the best part? The iris scanner is simply
activated when you pick up your phone and look towards it, so you won't be
struggling to stare into the right place. It even works with glasses! (But not
sunglasses).



It's water-resistant Don't worry about getting it wet. The #GalaxyNote7 is water
resistant. pic.twitter.com/Pe4H72OWXB - Samsung Mobile US (@SamsungMobileUS)
August 2, 2016

For the first time, a note phone is water resistant. The Galaxy Note 7 can be
submerged in up to five feet of water for up to 30 minutes and still make it out
alive. This is what we were talking about when we said the phone is borrowing
the best features from the Galaxy S7.

The camera is amazing

Another feature borrowed, the Galaxy Note 7 features the same 2-megapixel camera
as the S7 line, which is considered one of the best (if not the best) cameras on
a smart phone. I've tested it against many, and it beats the iPhone's by a mile.

A brand new color is available

In addition to black and gold, the Galaxy Note 7 also comes in a new color
Samsung calls "coral blue," which features rose pink border. While the idea of
colored phones may, at first, bring our minds back to the days of the hot pink
Motorola Razr, we promise these colors are cool and sleek.

The edges are curved

The curved glass of the Galaxy S7 Edge has made its way onto the new Note,
helping the larger work-ready phone stay sleek and easier to hold and use.



Productivity is in full-force Tackle every to-do.
#GalaxyNote7pic.twitter.com/I1V9qVjxlV - Samsung Mobile US (@SamsungMobileUS)
August 2, 2016

Like every Note before it, the Galaxy Note 7 will help you get things done.
Obviously there are more tips and tricks this time around. The S Pen has a
thinner tip, giving you a more accurate tap. You can also write and save notes
on the screen while it's locked. One truly time-saving feature is that you can
now hover over anything to zoom, which is perfect for shopping, working and
general Internet browsing.

It's powerful Make room for more. Expandable storage for the #GalaxyNote7 is
here. pic.twitter.com/Wd1aOp0G8j - Samsung Mobile US (@SamsungMobileUS) August
2, 2016

With a large 14400 5.7-inch AMOLED screen, 4GB of RAM, a powerful quad-core
processor and expandable storage, you won't even need your laptop.


LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Observer, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             527 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                             March 18, 2016 Friday

Improving a Samsung smartphone by pruning the bad apps;
Tech Fix

BYLINE: BRIAN X. CHEN

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 1235 words

ABSTRACT

Unlike its rival iPhone, Samsung burdens its devices with carrier bloatware and
inferior apps. This is easily remedied, just in time for the new Galaxy S7
models.

FULL TEXT

Pity the poor Samsung smartphone.

Since the company's Galaxy smartphones were introduced seven years ago, Samsung
has tried its mightiest to make the devices stand out. The company has invested
an enormous amount to market the phones, and it has innovated on Google's
Android operating system used in the devices by adding quirky software features.
Many Galaxy phones have sold briskly, catapulting Samsung to the top spot in the
worldwide handset market.

But try as Samsung might, its smartphones always run into the same criticisms.
The gadgets are inferior to Apple's iPhones, which work seamlessly with the iOS
mobile software, some critics say. And while the hardware design of the Galaxy
phones - featuring large, vivid screens and high-quality cameras - wins
plaudits, the devices keep getting thumbs down for some of their junky software.

With two new flagship phones - the Galaxy S7 and the Galaxy S7 Edge, which were
released last week - Samsung is hoping to overcome those criticisms. The phones,
which cost roughly $700 to $800, are water-resistant, equipped with fast cameras
and capable of displaying virtual-reality apps and games through Samsung's
headset, the Gear VR. Samsung also loaded the new phones with about a third less
software than previous versions.

''We know that one thing that our users want is a little bit less software, and
we've made a serious effort with this device to include less,'' said Philip
Berne, a Samsung marketing manager.

I tested the new devices to come up with a few rules of thumb for how to get the
most out of Samsung's smartphones. In my tests, I still found the software on
the S7 phones to be a negative to what is otherwise superb hardware.

To get the most out of these fancy phones, consider disabling most of the
included software. Here are four easy steps for improving Samsung phones, which
I put together with the help of Florence Ion, a writer for Greenbot, a website
about Android-based products.

Disable phone carrier apps  Probably the most annoying aspect of Samsung devices
is their inclusion of inferior apps made by mobile carriers like Verizon
Wireless and AT&T, known in tech industry parlance as carrier bloatware. These
include apps like mapping or music services provided by the carriers, which are
generally unpopular.

Fortunately, most of the carrier-installed apps on Samsung phones can be
disabled. The apps included will differ from carrier to carrier, but generally
bloatware can be turned off and better alternatives downloaded.

Using the Verizon version of the S7 as an example, open the Apps folder and then
open the Verizon folder. Verizon apps one may want to disable include the
football app NFL Mobile, the music app Slacker Radio, the mapping app Verizon
Navigator and the messaging app Message+. Just press and hold down on these apps
and drag them to the button labeled ''Turn off.''

Ms. Ion said carrier-installed software was what annoyed her the most on the
Samsung phones because it detracts from the appeal of Android, an operating
system made for customization.

''It's all about the ability to have the choice to do whatever the heck you want
with your phone,'' she said of the Android system. ''That's why I get so angry
about carrier bloat.''

After disabling those apps, replace them with better ones. In the Google Play
store, download these superior free apps: for messaging, the Messenger app by
Google; for mapping, the Waze app by Google; and for music, pick a favorite
music service, like Spotify or Pandora.

Install a launcher  On Android, the aesthetic of the interface - or the way the
home screen, folders and apps look - is called a launcher. Samsung's version is
named TouchWiz, and while the S7's version of TouchWiz looks a bit better than
previous ones, there are plenty of more attractive launchers.

Getting a new launcher is just like downloading an app. In the Google Play app
store, look up a launcher, download and install it. Ms. Ion named a few popular
launchers including Action, which makes it easy to create shortcuts that
activate different functions inside apps; Nova, which enables deeper
customizations; and Google Now, which makes Android look the way Google
intended.

In my testing, I preferred the Google Now launcher. It makes the app icons look
clean and vibrant, and swiping to the left of the main screen displays a list of
cards containing Google account information, including calendar, recent Amazon
purchases and the weather. It's a convenient way to take a quick peek at useful
personalized data.

Replace some key apps  Apart from apps included by carriers on the Galaxy
phones, Samsung also loads some of its custom-made software, like its calendar,
voice assistant and email app, on the devices. It also includes some software
from partners like Amazon and Google. (Believe it or not, the Verizon version of
the S7 includes four music apps, one each from Samsung, Google, Verizon and
Amazon.)

The Samsung apps aren't terrible, but because most Android users are tied to
Google services, consumers would benefit from installing the superior
Google-made alternatives for those apps: Google Calendar, Gmail and Google's
voice assistant.

For voice controls, Google's excellent voice assistant is built into the Google
app, which is included on the Samsung phones, and can be configured to respond
to the command ''O.K. Google'' from any screen.

To use it, first disable Samsung's voice assistant. Inside the Samsung apps
folder, press and hold on the SVoice app, then select ''turn off.'' Inside the
Google app, tap the rectangular tab in the upper-left corner, then Settings,
then ''O.K. Google'' detection and swipe right on the option for ''From any
screen.'' From here, users can say ''O.K. Google'' and speak a command, like
''create a calendar event,'' and the voice assistant will react.

For the email and calendar apps, simply download Google's versions through its
Play app store. They are far better designed and more tightly integrated with
Google services than Samsung's apps.

Swap out the keyboard  In my testing, I found Samsung's digital keyboard to be
imprecise and awkward for typing. There are plenty of better alternatives to
download through the Google Play app store.

Here again I would recommend Google's keyboard, which has auto-prediction, or
the ability to quickly predict intended words after a few keystrokes. It also
allows typing by swiping around the keyboard.

There's a downside to de-Samsungifying the Samsung phones. While most of the
included software from both Samsung and mobile carriers can be deactivated, some
apps cannot be removed without taking extreme measures to wipe out all the
software on the phone and replace it with a fresh install of Android, a method
called rooting or flashing. That process is complicated, so it's not for the
faint of heart.

That means a lot of apps included on the Samsung phones will linger inside
folders even after alternatives have been installed. Duplicates of some apps
will probably remain.

But the Samsung software is easy enough to ignore by creating shortcuts to the
ones you actually want. In the main apps folder, just drag and drop desired apps
onto the home screen.

In the end, you will have a great Samsung phone with excellent software.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             528 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Thinking of buying iPhone7? Consider these value-for-money options first

BYLINE: Devansh Sharma

SECTION: SPEND

LENGTH: 725 words


Is the iPhone 7 value for money at Rs 60,000? If you cut the hype, there are
some decent options. Compare and evaluate before buying. These 6 android
smartphones offer great utility. So, why burn a hole in your pocket if a lesser
priced smartphone solves the purpose?

1. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge

The new Galaxy S7 Edge boasts of a Dual Pixel 12MP primary camera and 5 MP rear
camera with F1.7 lens that allows you to click sharp and detailed images even in
low light. The device is powered by a Snapdragon 820 processor, 4GB RAM and
comes packed with a non-removable 3,600mAh battery, which has built-in fast
charging capability.

Galaxy S7 Edge features wireless charging, 5.5 inch display backed by a Corning
Gorilla Glass 4 back panel. The device runs on the latest Android v6.0
(Marshmallow) operating system and sports dual SIM connectivity. From the two
SIM card trays that device has, one can be used to place a microSD memory card
to extend the phone memory.

The USP of S7 edge is its water- and dust-resistant feature. You can carry on
using it even after dropping it in water. The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge has bagged
the IP (Ingress Protection) rating of 68. Which means it can be immersed in 1.5
m water for up to 30 minutes.

On ecommerce websites, Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is available INR 49,000 onward.

2. Google Nexus 6P

Nexus 6P comes with 5.7 inch high-resolution display, front-facing stereo
speakers packed in aluminum body. Manufactured by Huawei, Nexus 6P runs on
latest Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system and is powered by Octa-core
Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor clocked at 2.0 GHz.

Nexus 6P features 12MP rear camera with f/2.0 aperture which is apt for clicking
wide angle and detailed photographs even in dim light. The 8MP primary camera
empowers you to record 30 fps HD videos. Nexus 6P is backed by a 3GB RAM and
comes packed with a 3450 mAh battery. The built-in fast charging capability of
this device is its USP. Arguably the you can use the device for up to 7 hours
only after 10 minutes of charging.

On Google store, Nexus 6P is priced at INR 39,999.

3. MI5

Powered by Snapdragon 820 processor, Mi 5 features 4MP front camera and a rear
16MP 4-axis Optical Image Stabilization (OIS) camera with f/2.0 aperture. The
4-axis OIS, which is common feature of professional camera, is an upgrade from
the regular 2-axis OIS in MI5. It comes packed with a 3GB LPDDR4 RAM which make
it suitable for multitasking.

MI5 features 5.15 inch display and runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating
system. It offers dual SIM connectivity and is backed by a 3000 mAh
non-removable battery.

MI5 is listed at INR 22,999 on the company website.

4. OnePlus 3

OnePlus 3 comes with a 5.50-inch display. The device is powered by quad-core
Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor clocked at 1.6GHz. The highlight of OnePlus 3
is 6GB RAM.

The phone packs 64GB of internal storage which cannot be expanded. OnePlus 3
features a 16MP rear camera and a 8-megapixel front shooter.

The OnePlus 3 runs Android 6.0.1 and is powered by a 3000mAh non removable
battery. The online price of 64GB variant of OnePlus 3 starts at INR 27,999.

5. Samsung Galaxy Note 5

The Samsung Galaxy Note 5 is powered by 1.5GHz octa-core Exynos 7420 processor
and it comes with 4GB of RAM. Note 5 has 32 GB non-expandable storage and runs
on Android 5.1.1 which is upgradable to 6.0 Marshmallow operating system. The
device boasts of a 16MP rear shooter and a 5MP front camera. Note 5 is a single
SIM smartphone and comes equipped with NFC connectivity. The highlight of this
devise is its S Pen, a writing instrument, which makes accessing various others
features of Note 5 easier.

On ecommerce websites, price of Samsung Galaxy Note 5 starts INR 39,990 onward.

6. Asus Zenfone 3 deluxe (zs570kl)

Highlight of Asus Zenfone 3 deluxe (zs570kl) is its robust 6GB LPDDR4 RAM
powered by a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor. The device features
5.7 inch display packed in full metal body with a 3000 mAh battery.

As far as the cameras are concerned, Asus ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) comes with
a 23-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 8-megapixel front shooter. The
device runs on Android 6.0 OD with brand-new ASUS ZenUI 3.0.

The smartphone is yet to make its Indian debut and the expected price is around
Rs 50,000 once it becomes available in India.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             529 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Thinking of buying iPhone7? Consider these value-for-money options first

BYLINE: Devansh Sharma

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 725 words


Is the iPhone 7 value for money at Rs 60,000? If you cut the hype, there are
some decent options. Compare and evaluate before buying. These 6 android
smartphones offer great utility. So, why burn a hole in your pocket if a lesser
priced smartphone solves the purpose?

1. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge

The new Galaxy S7 Edge boasts of a Dual Pixel 12MP primary camera and 5 MP rear
camera with F1.7 lens that allows you to click sharp and detailed images even in
low light. The device is powered by a Snapdragon 820 processor, 4GB RAM and
comes packed with a non-removable 3,600mAh battery, which has built-in fast
charging capability.

Galaxy S7 Edge features wireless charging, 5.5 inch display backed by a Corning
Gorilla Glass 4 back panel. The device runs on the latest Android v6.0
(Marshmallow) operating system and sports dual SIM connectivity. From the two
SIM card trays that device has, one can be used to place a microSD memory card
to extend the phone memory.

The USP of S7 edge is its water- and dust-resistant feature. You can carry on
using it even after dropping it in water. The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge has bagged
the IP (Ingress Protection) rating of 68. Which means it can be immersed in 1.5
m water for up to 30 minutes.

On ecommerce websites, Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is available INR 49,000 onward.

2. Google Nexus 6P

Nexus 6P comes with 5.7 inch high-resolution display, front-facing stereo
speakers packed in aluminum body. Manufactured by Huawei, Nexus 6P runs on
latest Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system and is powered by Octa-core
Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor clocked at 2.0 GHz.

Nexus 6P features 12MP rear camera with f/2.0 aperture which is apt for clicking
wide angle and detailed photographs even in dim light. The 8MP primary camera
empowers you to record 30 fps HD videos. Nexus 6P is backed by a 3GB RAM and
comes packed with a 3450 mAh battery. The built-in fast charging capability of
this device is its USP. Arguably the you can use the device for up to 7 hours
only after 10 minutes of charging.

On Google store, Nexus 6P is priced at INR 39,999.

3. MI5

Powered by Snapdragon 820 processor, Mi 5 features 4MP front camera and a rear
16MP 4-axis Optical Image Stabilization (OIS) camera with f/2.0 aperture. The
4-axis OIS, which is common feature of professional camera, is an upgrade from
the regular 2-axis OIS in MI5. It comes packed with a 3GB LPDDR4 RAM which make
it suitable for multitasking.

MI5 features 5.15 inch display and runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating
system. It offers dual SIM connectivity and is backed by a 3000 mAh
non-removable battery.

MI5 is listed at INR 22,999 on the company website.

4. OnePlus 3

OnePlus 3 comes with a 5.50-inch display. The device is powered by quad-core
Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor clocked at 1.6GHz. The highlight of OnePlus 3
is 6GB RAM.

The phone packs 64GB of internal storage which cannot be expanded. OnePlus 3
features a 16MP rear camera and a 8-megapixel front shooter.

The OnePlus 3 runs Android 6.0.1 and is powered by a 3000mAh non removable
battery. The online price of 64GB variant of OnePlus 3 starts at INR 27,999.

5. Samsung Galaxy Note 5

The Samsung Galaxy Note 5 is powered by 1.5GHz octa-core Exynos 7420 processor
and it comes with 4GB of RAM. Note 5 has 32 GB non-expandable storage and runs
on Android 5.1.1 which is upgradable to 6.0 Marshmallow operating system. The
device boasts of a 16MP rear shooter and a 5MP front camera. Note 5 is a single
SIM smartphone and comes equipped with NFC connectivity. The highlight of this
devise is its S Pen, a writing instrument, which makes accessing various others
features of Note 5 easier.

On ecommerce websites, price of Samsung Galaxy Note 5 starts INR 39,990 onward.

6. Asus Zenfone 3 deluxe (zs570kl)

Highlight of Asus Zenfone 3 deluxe (zs570kl) is its robust 6GB LPDDR4 RAM
powered by a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor. The device features
5.7 inch display packed in full metal body with a 3000 mAh battery.

As far as the cameras are concerned, Asus ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) comes with
a 23-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 8-megapixel front shooter. The
device runs on Android 6.0 OD with brand-new ASUS ZenUI 3.0.

The smartphone is yet to make its Indian debut and the expected price is around
Rs 50,000 once it becomes available in India.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             530 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Galaxy S7: How Samsung is taking on Apple in the business mobile market

SECTION: DEVICES; News

LENGTH: 691 words



HIGHLIGHT: News: Security enhancements aim to place Android as an enterprise
mobility competitor to Apple.


As expected, Samsung has announced the new Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge at
Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, slated for a mid-March launch.

Some of the features are par for the course. A better Dual Pixel camera, a new
more ergonomic design and the inclusion of Qualcomm's more powerful Snapdragon
820 chip mean that in general performance terms the new device is ahead of its
predecessor.

The devices run on Android 6.0, have octa core and quad core processors, with
4GB RAM and 32 or 64GB storage. Samsung has obviously heard the complaints of
S6-owners over its lack of expandable storage and has introduced a 200GB microSD
card slot.

Other features are closer to step-changes in the industry. There has been much
focus on the VR capabilities of the phone. The introductions of 'fast-wired' and
wireless charging technology come as no surprise, but are aiming to address a
long-standing consumer frustration with mobile devices; as the power of devices
increases the battery life has to fall down.

Samsung is ahead of its rival Apple here, which has yet to introduce wireless
charging, although there are signs that Apple is trying to perfect the
technology before it is introduced. According to a recent Bloomberg report,
Apple is developing wireless charging technology that will allow its devices to
be charged from further away than the mats currently necessitate.

The focus on durability shows a move towards addressing the basics rather than
adding flashy new features. The device has IP68 water and dust resistance.

New software additions include Edge UX in the edge model, which provides
shortcuts to most used functions. There are also some add-ons specifically for
the growing mobile gamer market.

While the S7 are primarily consumer devices, Samsung is making its boldest grab
yet for the enterprise market, which has traditionally been dominated by Apple.

Android is often looked over in the enterprise environment because of its
reputation for having worse security. The devices are coming pre-equipped with
McAfee virus scan and anti-malware technology.

However, Samsung is attempting to expand its care-taker role beyond simply
selling devices with its Enterprise Device Program and other initiatives.

The new devices will feature Android for Work hardened by Samsung KNOX.

"We believe that the robustness of Android, along with the award winning
security benefits of Samsung KNOX will help bring a new level of productivity
for businesses that cannot be matched," said Dr. Injong Rhee, Executive Vice
President of mobile communications at Samsung.

It has also taken a step towards Apple's more carefully controlled security
environment by extending its monthly security updates.

Generally Android updates have been issued at the whim of mobile network
operators, but with a cavalcade of Android vulnerabilities making the news in
2015 vendors are moving to exercise tighter control over the system.

The other key aspect of this is the two-year device purchase programme, which
will allow enterprise customers to purchase the same device model up to two
years from its market availability. It aims to simplify how customers manage
device lifecycles.

Nick McQuire, Vice President of Enterprise at CCS Insight, said that the device
showed good signs of greater alignment with Google over security.

However, he added that the S7 and S7 edge are "still premium devices and
enterprise still needs a mid-tier device that does these things."

The standard S7 costs £569 outright while the S7 edge costs £639.

"You are not going to see this deployed in big roll-outs to thousands of
employees," said McQuire, "but the improvements are a big step forward for
enterprises."

Adam Mayer, Android Team Leader at mobile consultancy and enterprise app
developer, Mubaloo, said: "It's no surprise that Samsung's B2B unit will be
offering services, custom apps and other products to surround its devices. This
is reinforcing the fact that no company today can be competitive, without having
a mobile equipped workforce."

Mayer said that the security updates will "add reassurance to business customers
that data on Samsung's enterprise programme devices are secure."

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             531 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            August 3, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung unveils Galaxy Note 7 with Iris Scanner, HDR content and Gorilla Glass 5

LENGTH: 734  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Aug. 3 -- Zee Media Bureau
 As expected, Samsung Electronics on Tuesday unveiled the Galaxy Note 7.
However, it came with interesting features such as Iris Scanner, HDR content and
Gorilla Glass, firsts in any smartphones.
 DJ Koh, President, Mobile Communications unveiled the Galaxy Note 7 and as
romoured had it, it's a 5.7-inch device and comes in four interesting colours of
Black Onyx, Gold Platinum, Silver Titanium and all-new Blue Coral.


 The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 also comes with a HDR and 64GB of internal memory as
against the rumoured 32GB. It is also expandable up to 256GB via a microSD card.

 MUST READ
 Samsung Galaxy Note 7: Iris Scanner, S Pen and other features
 With the Note 7, Samsung has skipped a number in its Note series - i.e. the
Note 6.
 Clarifying on this, Samsung had earlier reasoned saying, "First, the Galaxy
Note7 will complement our Galaxy S7 and S7 edge, and unify our product
portfolio. Second, the Galaxy Note7 will minimize confusion about the latest
mobile technology from Samsung, and provide full alignment with Galaxy S
smartphone."
 "Galaxy Note7 will help people do more in work, at home and everywhere in
between. We can't wait to tell you more about it," Samsung added.
 BELOW IS A LIVE COVERAGE OF THE EVENT:
================================================================================
==========================
 - Well! That's all from us here at Zee Business. A rather unexpected short Key
Note event from Samsung. Thanks for joining us.
 - The Galaxy Note 7 also comes with Samsung Pay which can be used as early as
during the upcoming Rio Olympics
 - The Galaxy Note 7 is the first with USB Type-C for fast data transfer.
 - It's VR time gain.. The video was created using Gear VR 360 camera
 - The Note 7 opens up a galaxy of possibilities, she says.
 - Suzanne De Silva, Senior Manager, Planning is on stage
 - Good News! It's coming to the market on August 19 with the pre-orders to
begin in a few days
 - It took us 5 years to perfect the Iris Scanner, the Samsung strategy officer
says.
 - The Samsung Note comes with an Iris Scanner.
 - The Galaxy Note 7 will come with 15GB of free space on Samsung Cloud.
 - "You know what else it comes with? An audio jack,", Dennison says, probably a
dig at iPhone 7 that might do away with the audio jack
 - It comes with 3,500 mAh battery though slightly smaller than S7's 3,600mAh
battery
 - That over 7,000 songs and over 1 week of continous play, Dennison says.
 - The Galaxy Note 7 comes with internal memory of 64GB, expandable upto 256GB
 - The Galaxy Note 7 also comes with HDR content to mobile for the first time
 - And oh! The Galaxy Note 7 is the first smartphone to come with Gorilla Glass
5
 - The S Pen is a multi-purpose device - a translator, screen magnifier, screen
locker, a GIF maker.
 - The S Pen is also a translator.. How cool is that.. Portuguese to English in
just a sec.
 - The tip size of the S Pen has been reduced from 1.6 mm to just 0.7 mm.
 - Comes in four beautiful colours - Black Onyx, Gold Platinum, Silver Titanium
and all-new Blue Coral. It also has a curve like the S7 Edge
 - It's 5.7-inch, but you won't feel it, he says.
 - Samsung strategy officer Justin Dennison is on stage. He is talking about how
the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 will help users.
 - DJ Koh finally introduces the Galaxy Note 7
 - That was a fine video
 - Okay.. It's VR time..
 - More interestingly, the Pen will be able to write on the Note 7 even in a
rainstorm
 - The Galaxy Note 7 will be water and dust resistant
 - The Iris Scanner is official.. Hurray!!
 - Our commitment to listening customers remain the same
 - Big screen phones are the fastest growing segment of the smartphone market.
The Galaxy Note was created for men and women who wants creativeness and
innovation
 - Despite various criticisms, we have survived, he says
 - He is talking about the Samsung being connected to Olympics for the past 20
years
 - Wishes people watching it Live in London. 'Had lunch?' Koh askes them.
 - Good morning. I feel like George Clooney, he says. Feels good to be in New
York
 - DJ Koh, President, Mobile communications, Samsung is on stage
 - A video the Samsung anthem from various countries is being played. It's
interesting to hear one song being sung in so many languages
 - So, it begins
 - They telling us that the show will begin in a short while
 - The theme song's been on for sometime
 Well! The event is about to begin..

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             532 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Samsung Prices Galaxy S7 at a Competitive Rs 48,990

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 417 words


Samsung Electronics introduced the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge Tuesday in one
of the quickest launches of a flagship model in India, where it is battling
global rival Apple for the pole position in the premium segment, which offers
the highest value share.

The South Korean smartphone maker not only priced the S7 and S7 Edge at what
analysts termed a competitive ' . 48,900 and '. 56,900, respectively, it also
introduced free, lifetime privilege concierge services exclusively for customers
of these devices. It is offering a virtual reality headset for free to those who
book the devices till March 17, a day before the phones go on sale.

"We are confident we will consolidate our market share from 48.2% by volume in
January 2016, as per GfK, in the '. ,000-and-above segment with these devices,"
said Manu Sharma, director mobile at Samsung India.

Two research agencies \xAD Counterpoint Technology Market Research and
Cybermedia Research \xAD pegged Apple as the leader in the premium segment by
volume in the October-December quarter, which Samsung disputed, citing GfK
figures.

"The pricing will arrest the decline of market share as it may prevent people
from going to Apple, which in turn should further strengthen their position in
traditionally strong second and third quarters (April to September)," said Tarun
Pathak, a senior analyst at Counterpoint Research."Additional storage (200 GB)
and VR headset bundled should also aid in this increase."

India is the fastest-growing smartphone market in the world and No. 2 by unique
users \xAD surpassing the US \xAD making the South Asian nation critical for
global handset makers. This is why companies including Apple and Xiaomi are
closing the gap between their global and India device launches.

Cupertino-based Apple started selling the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in India within
a month of the US launch in September and China's No. 1 smartphone vendor Xiaomi
may bring the Mi 5 to India in April, less than a month after opening bookings
in China. Samsung's first global announcement of the S7 devices was made at the
Mobile World Congress in Barcelona on February 21.

"India is seen as a priority market and a strong market globally...Since we make
in India, we can do a parallel launch in India without waiting," Sharma said,
adding that all its phones and tablets were made locally, giving it another
advantage besides pricing.

According to International Data Corporation, smartphone shipments in India
climbed 28.8% to 103.6 million units in 2015.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             533 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                           February 20, 2016 Saturday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

What to expect from Mobile World Congress 2016

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 393 words


All the biggest names in the world of mobile telecoms and internet technology --
with the exception of Apple -- will be heading to Barcelona, Spain, February
22-25, for the 2016 Mobile World Congress (MWC). New-generation flagship
smartphones from Samsung, LG, Huawei and Sony are expected at the event, as well
as appearances from prestigious special guests.

Stars of the show: Samsung Galaxy S7, LG G5

New versions of some of the most innovative and high-performance smartphones on
the market are being lined up for the Barcelona trade show, with replacements
for the Samsung Galaxy S6, the LG G4 and the Huawei P8 expected at MWC 2016.

Samsung is likely to grab the most column inches with the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy
S7 Edge, which brings curved edges to the handset's display. These new models
should be up for release from March, while a "Premium" version with a 4K screen
and a 14-core processor could be heading for the Asian market.

As well as unveiling its flagship G5, South Korean manufacturer LG is expected
to launch two models in a specialist new mobile phone range. The LG X Cam
handset gets twin 13- and 5-Megapixel rear-facing cameras, while the X Screen
comes with a dual-display design.
Although new handsets are likely from Huawei, in the form of the P9, and Sony,
other innovative models could steal some of the limelight. The Cat S60, for
example, is a waterproof, high-resistance handset that's billed as the world's
first smartphone with a built-in thermal imaging camera.

Alongside smartphones, plenty of connected devices will be on show at the
Barcelona event, with freshly unveiled models plus products presented back in
January 2016 at CES in Las Vegas.

Mark Zuckerberg takes center stage

Each year, the Mobile World Congress invites big names from the telecoms
industry to share their vision of the sector in a series of conferences and
debates. After outlining Facebook's mobile strategy at MWC 2015, Mark Zuckerberg
will once again be the undisputed star of the Barcelona trade show. Other
prestigious guests include Chuck Robbins (Cisco), Hans Vestberg (Ericsson),
Shang Bing (China Mobile), Vittorio Colao (Vodafone), Brian Krzanich (Intel),
Dan Schulman (PayPal) and Jonah Peretti (BuzzFeed).

Follow the keynotes live at mobileworldlive.com

Mobile Word Congress runs February 22-25, 2016 in Barcelona. Website:
mobileworldcongress.com



LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2016 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                             534 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                              July 29, 2016 Friday

Samsung takes smartphone crown, beating Apple, Huawei

BYLINE: Zhu Lingqing

LENGTH: 484  words


Smartphone vendors shipped a total of 343.3 million smartphones worldwide in Q2
this year, a shipment relatively flat compared to the 342.4 million units in the
same period last year.

Models display Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge smartphones during a promotional
event in Shenyang, northeast China's Liaoning province, March 18, 2016.
[Photo/IC]

Smartphone vendors shipped a total of 343.3 million smartphones worldwide in the
second quarter (Q2) this year, up 3.1 percent from the first quarter (Q1), a
shipment relatively flat compared to the 342.4 million units in the same period
last year, according to a report released by consulting company International
Data Corporation (IDC) on Thursday.

Samsung Electronics Co Ltd retained its leadership as it did in Q1, shipping 77
million smartphones and capturing 22.4 percent of the market, surpassing the
Apple Inc and Huawei Technologies Co Ltd combined.

The IDC said Samsung's market performance was fueled by the success of the new
Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge flagship handsets.

Apple, which retained the second spot by claiming 11.8 percent of the market,
shipped 40.4 million iPhones in Q2, declining 15 percent year-on-year from the
47.5 million units shipped last year and marking its lowest quarterly volume in
seven quarters.

"For Apple, the second quarter is seasonally its lowest of the year as consumers
hold off on purchases in anticipation of the next big launch in the third
quarter," the IDC said.

Ryan Reith, program vice-president with IDC's Worldwide Quarterly Mobile Device
Trackers, said Apple started putting more emphasis on "Device as a Service" to
try to prevent lengthening replacement cycles.

Huawei, which kept its third position, shipped 32.1 million units, capturing 9.4
percent of the market. The IDC said the company's sales in Europe performed even
stronger than in domestic market.

Chinese company Oppo Electronics Corp and Vivo Mobile Communication Technology
Co Ltd took fourth and fifth positions respectively as they did in Q1, shipping
22.6 million and 16.4 million units, pushing out previous fourth and fifth place
players Lenovo Group Ltd and Xiaomi Corp.

"As smartphone prices continue to drop and competition escalates at the
high-end, vendors will need to continue to push 'flagship-type' devices at
affordable price points to encourage upgrading on a more frequent basis," said
Anthony Scarsella, mobile phones research manager of the IDC.

He said Chinese smartphone brands have hit a sweet spot by launching premium
styled devices that focus on the features that matter most to consumers.

In addition, Reith said low-end Chinese original equipment manufacturers are
successfully penetrating overseas markets as the growth of Chinese market slows
down and competitions in high growth markets like India, Indonesia, and Middle
East heat up.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/52/146977695123.jpg

a41f726b08411905330501.jpg

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             535 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            August 3, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge tops Android phone sales in H1

LENGTH: 155 words


[THE INVESTOR] Samsung Electronics' Galaxy S7 Edge topped Android phone sales in
the first half of this year, a market research firm said on Aug. 3

According to Strategy Analytics, the curved-screen version of Samsung's flagship
smartphone shipped 11.3 million units in the first six months of the year,
outselling its flat-screen sibling that was ranked third with 11.8 million
shipments.

The curved screen of Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge.

The second-highest selling Android phone was Samsung's budget smartphone Galaxy
J2 with 13 million shipments.

The research firm said that the total shipments of Android phones in the first
half of the year increased 5 percent to 577.3 million units, while Apple's
iPhone shipments saw a 16 percent decline to 91.6 million units during the cited
period.

Riding on the upbeat sales of the Edge phone, Samsung has also adopted the
curved screen to its new Note 7 phablet for the first time.

By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             536 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            December 27, 2015 Sunday

Check out buzz around these smartphones

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 595 words


If one of your new year resolutions is to upgrade to the latest smartphone out
there, then read on. ET has sifted through multitudes of information to bring
you a host of choices, not in any particular order or liking, that you should
keep a look out for in 2016. Here goes:

Xiaomi Mi5

One of the most talked about phones in 2015, the Mi5 should be the next
blockbuster from China's smartphone powerhouse Xiaomi. Rumour has it that the
upcoming fl agship may feature a 5.2-inch FHD display, 16MP rear and 13MP
front-facing cameras, top of the line Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor, 4GB RAM
and 32GB or 64GB of internal storage. USB Type-C and Quick Charge 3.0 could be
some interesting features to watch out for.

iPhone 7, 7 Plus

Rumours suggest that the Apple's fl agship for 2016 will boast of big design
changes, and will come with a D-jack headphone jack, waterproofi ng protection
and an eSIM. It will be faster than ever with an A10 processor and embedded M10
motion co-processor, coupled with a 2GB RAM. And, of course, it may come with a
larger cousin -iPhone 7 Plus.

Apple iPhone 6C

Analyst community is abuzz with Apple wanting to come out with a smaller version
of the iPhone 6s, touted as Apple iPhone 6C, which could be released around
April next year. Apple, which shifted to bigger smartphones with iPhone 6 last
year, could choose a metal build instead of a plastic one. If it's priced less,
it could be a hit for India too!

Android One

Google isn't done with Android One just yet. During his recent India trip CEO
Sundar Pichai called Android One programme a success even when industry pundits
differed. So, in April, Google may bring a high-end yet affordable Android One
smartphone with Lava, featuring 4G and latest specifications.

HTC One M10

The ailing handset maker HTC may launch the HTC One M10 in March 2016. It is
likely that the upcoming device may feature key improvements over the M9
smartphone.

Microsoft Surface Phone

The rumoured Surface Phone may feature a 5.5inch Quad-HD AMOLED display, 4GB
RAM, 64- and 128GB storage options, a 64-bit Intel processor and 21MP rear and
8MP front cameras. Watch out for the Surface Pen as a possible addition.

OnePlus 3

OnePlus is rumored to be working in the latest fl agship, OnePlus 3, which will
feature a 1080p full-HD screen, Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 chip, Qualcomm Quick
Charge 3.0 and Adreno 530 graphics.

OnePlus Mini

The OnePlus phone will be smaller than the OnePlus X, featuring a 4.6-inch full
HD screen, 1.7GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor, 4GB RAM, 64GB storage and
12MP and 5MP cameras.

Samsung Galaxy S, Galaxy S7 Edge

Let's not forget the world's largest smartphone vendor. Samsung is expected to
launch new Samsung Galaxy S7, along with a new Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge at the
Mobile World Congress, 2016. The S7 may feature its own Exynos processors, along
with Adreno 530 graphics and 4GB RAM. It may come with a 5.1 inch Quad HD Super
AMOLED panel, fi ngerprint scanner and even a heart-rate monitor. Backed by
Android 6.0 Marshmallow and TouchWiz, rumours suggest that the Galaxy S7 and S7
Edge to go on sale in April 2016.

Lenovo K4 Note

The successor of the popular K3 Note, Lenovo K4 Note will be launched in India
next month. It may feature a 5.5 inch FHD display with Corning Gorilla Glass. It
will be powered by MediaTek Helio X10 processor, and a 4GB RAM. It will run
Android 6.0 Marshmallow, and will boast of the metal unibody design. It will
have a fi ngerprint sensor, and will include 13MP primary camera and 8MP front
camera with a 3100mAh battery.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             537 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            December 4, 2015 Friday

Galaxy S7 might feature heat pipes? Is Snapdragon 820 overheating?

LENGTH: 357  words


By tbreak Staff -

We have heard great things about Galaxy S7, ranging from the fact that the
upcoming smartphone could sport a microSD card slot, as well as an updated
camera sensor that will no doubt produce much better images as opposed to its
predecessors. However, looks like the latest report shows that the Snapdragon
820 version of the smartphone could have run into the same problems as the one
exhibited by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 810 chipset, and as you all know, that
happens to be overheating.

Samsung is currently looking for partners to mass produce heat pipe solutions
for its Galaxy S7, which indicates that Snapdragon 820 might not be as efficient
as we expected it to be. Previously, companies like Sony and Microsoft did place
a heat pipe solution in its Xperia Z5 Premium and Lumia 950 and Lumia 950 XL
respectively in order to prevent Snapdragon 810's octa-core CPU from
overheating, but why would Samsung be looking to partner up with such
manufacturers?

It could possibly be that Samsung is looking to avoid a slump in smartphone
sales due to excessive overheating of the chipset. However, being manufactured
on the 14nm FinFET most likely means that Snapdragon 820 is not going to have
its temperature exceeded. Still, we believe that Samsung wants to me darn sure
that this does not happen, otherwise a large portion of the company's long-time
smartphone fans are going to throw numerous rants through various channels, and
that will obviously not bode well for the largest Android smartphone
manufacturer seeing as how its position is already being threatened by the likes
of Xiaomi, Huawei and Lenovo.

Qualcomm has already said that its Snapdragon 820 does not overheat, but if you
recall, the company said the exact same thing about its Snapdragon 810. With
this revelation, Samsung is definitely looking to take an extra step in ensuring
that its Galaxy S7 is the best flagship smartphone that the company has ever
released so far. Like always, we will continue to post updates on the latest
situation of Samsung.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/43/144924997518.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/25/144924997538.png



LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             538 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                            March 10, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Samsung claims spike in Irish pre-orders for its new S7 phone

SECTION: BUSINESS WEEK;NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 599 words


SAMSUNG executives claim that Irish pre-orders for the company's new Galaxy S7
phone are at three times the level of its last flagship phone, the S6.

The Korean company's Ireland manager, Gary Twohig, and its head of mobile in the
UK and Ireland, Conor Pierce, said they hoped a push into virtual reality
ecosystem would help sales of the handset.

The executives did not quantify how many pre-orders for the phone have been
received, nor did they offer a total figure for the S7 and the S7 Edge, which
costs more than the S7.

Sales of the previous S6 phone last year were below expectations and led to a
fall in Samsung's share price.

The Galaxy S7 phone will go on sale in Ireland tomorrow.

The 5.1-inch handset, which adds waterproof capability and a brighter
12-megapixel camera, will be available from free on contract with operators or
at (EURO)659 on prepay.

The device comes with 32GB or 64GB of storage together with 4GB of Ram, making
it the most powerful handset on the market. It also has one of the most advanced
screens available, with 577 pixels per inch.

As well as its onboard storage, there's also an additional storage option in its
200GB memory card slot. Battery life has been extended, with a 3,000mAh battery
included. The new phone's screen now comes out to the very edge of the phone's
frame, making the phone smaller and sleeker than most phones with the same size
screen. Samsung has followed the lead of a handful of other phone manufacturers
and reduced the number of megapixels its camera has in favour of 'larger'
pixels. So the S7's main rear camera has 12 megapixels instead of the S6's 16
megapixels.

(For comparison, the iPhone 6S has 12 similarly 'large' megapixels while Sony's
Xperia Xperia Z5 has 23 'regular' megapixels.) The lens sports an f1.7 aperture,
which means it lets in more light than before and lets you create nice effects,
such as shallow depths of field.

The lens now protrudes less from the back of the phone, while the 'selfie' front
lens has five megapixels.

Samsung's head of mobile in the UK and Ireland, Conor Pierce, said that the Gear
VR virtual reality headset accessory would be a central selling point for the S7
phone.

He also said that Samsung's virtual reality camera, the Gear 360, would arrive
in the Irish market by June.

Samsung is expected to launch its mobile payment system, Samsung Pay, into the
Irish market this year.

In doing so, the Korean company could steal a march on Apple, which has yet to
announce the launch of its mobile payment system, Apple Pay, for the Irish
market. In the US, samsung has signed up five million users and processed more
than $500m in transactions since its debut there last September.

By comparison, Apple Pay has attracted 12 million monthly users globally since
its October 2014 launch, while Google's Android Pay has garnered five million
people who use it monthly since becoming available in September 2015 according
to estimates by mobile-payment researcher Crone Consulting.

Samsung Pay works on five of its latest Galaxy phones. Apple Pay works in stores
on iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and the Apple Watch paired
with an iPhone 5 or more recent models.

Google, Apple and Samsung are among the companies seeking to capture a piece of
a market that Forrester Research estimates will top (EURO)120bn by 2019.

For Samsung, with its earnings sliding and shares battered, it's a way to
protect market share in smartphone sales to Apple.

At the end of 2015, Samsung had 22pc of the global market for smartphone
shipments and Apple had 16pc, according to researcher Strategy Analytics.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The S7 on display at a launch event in Dublin on Tuesday night

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             539 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday

LENGTH: 566 words


Regulators consider setting cybersecurity standards for banks

Federal regulators plan to require banks to adopt baseline safeguards to shield
themselves from cyberthreats after a series of assaults cost the industry
billions of dollars and shook consumer confidence, Bloomberg News reported.

The Federal Reserve is leading other agencies in crafting the protections, which
would be minimum standards, said the people who asked not to be named because
work on the measures isn't public. The effort stems partly from a concern that
as digital breaches become more frequent and aggressive, an attack could cripple
the entire financial system.

The Fed is working with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., the people said. Further details on the
agencies' plans couldn't be determined, so it's not clear whether costly efforts
that lenders have already undertaken would put them in compliance with what
regulators propose.

Galaxy S7 model fails Consumer Reports testing

Consumer Reports says a Samsung phone that's advertised as being "water
resistant" isn't.

The problem appears limited to the Galaxy S7 Active, a rugged model available
only through AT&T in the United States. The standard S7 and S7 Edge models have
the same claims on water resistance and passed tests.

Consumer Reports, a nonprofit organization that is well respected for its
product testing, said Friday that it can't recommend the Active because it
doesn't meet Samsung's claims. By contrast, Consumer Reports rates the S7 and S7
Edge phones as "Excellent" for their displays, battery life and cameras.

Samsung said it has received very few complaints and had subjected the phone to
strict testing for quality assurance, but "there may be an off chance that a
defective device is not as watertight as it should be." The company said it was
in touch with Consumer Reports to learn more about its tests.

Uber reportedly raises $1.15B in sale of high-yield loan

Uber has reportedly raised $1.15 billion in a new high-yield loan that will
allow the company to take advantage of low interest rates without diluting the
equity of early investors.

Uber will pay a yield of about 5 percent on the loan, underwritten by a group
led by Morgan Stanley and including Barclays PLC, Citigroup Inc. and Goldman
Sachs Group Inc., according to the Wall Street Journal. The Los Angeles Times
previously reported that Uber had asked banks such as Barclays and Morgan
Stanley to help it sell a loan valued between $1 billion and $2 billion.

The move is the latest strategy implemented by the San Francisco startup as it
fuels its worldwide expansion. After years of aggressive investment from venture
capital and private equity firms, the company turned last month to Saudi
Arabia's sovereign-wealth fund for a $3.5Â billion investment.

Monster Beverage suit over caffeine content reinstated

Monster Beverage Corp. must face class action claims that its labeling failed to
warn consumers of caffeine content. The federal appeals court in San Francisco
on Friday partially reinstated a previously dismissed case.

The court rejected Monster's claim that the Food and Drug Administration, which
regulates nutrition labeling, pre-empted the consumer claims.

The appeals court upheld dismissal of separate claims that Monster's off-label
marketing campaigns improperly targeted children.

"" Wire reports

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             540 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                             March 3, 2016 Thursday

Carriers reduce handset prices before Galaxy S7, G5 launches

BYLINE: By Yoon Sung-won

LENGTH: 357 words


Telecom companies have cut down the prices of handsets to dispose of inventory
before new smartphones from Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics are launched.

SK Telecom, KT and LG Uplus said Thursday they have reduced the price of the
Nexus 5X, the latest Google reference smartphone manufactured by LG Electronics,
to 379,500 won ($327.27). The same model was priced at between 475,200 won and
508,200 won before the price cut.

Adding to the price cut, KT introduced on Tuesday a 330,000 won subsidy for
those who purchase the Nexus 5X with a data subscription plan priced 29,900 won
or higher per month. This is the maximum subsidy that is allowed under the
Telecom Act. With the extra subsidy following a subscription contract, customers
can buy a Nexus 5X, which was launched here just four months ago, without paying
for the device.

'The Nexus 5X is drawing a very favorable response in sales,' an official at KT
said. 'The handset is almost out of stock in several outlets but it is still
available as we work to secure our inventory level.'

SK Telecom and LG Uplus have set around 110,000 won in subsidies for the
subscribers of the monthly plan priced at a similar level.

The telecom companies have already cut the prices of the Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge,
as the popularity of the two models may drop once Samsung Electronics rolls out
the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge.

The company plans to launch the S7 series on March 11 and LG Electronics will
roll out the G5 later this month or early next month.

All three mobile carriers have provided the maximum subsidies to the S6 Edge for
more than a month already.

They are also selling budget smartphones such as Samsung Electronics' Galaxy
Alpha, LG Electronics' Class and Huawei's Y6, almost for free. Expectations are
that the telecom companies may expand the price cuts to a wider range of
handsets aiming at reducing stocks before the launch of the new smartphones.

'Almost 20 smartphones will be available for free this month,' a telecom
industry source said. 'This will mean wider options with cheap prices for those
not seeking the latest smartphones with the best hardware specifications
possible.'

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             541 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   City A.M.

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

The new Galaxy Note 7 is Samsung's iPhone killer

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 533 words


PHONE SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE 7 £749, www.SAMSUNG.COM Announced earlier this week,
Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 is a big old betsy of a phablet, a 5.7-inch monsterphone
that brings the super-powered performance of its existing S7 Edge device to its
Note range. The Android powerhouse that giant-handed fans have been waiting all
year for - and the biggest rival to Apple's iPhone - it's slick, premium as all
hell and launches September 2. Here's everything you need to know about the
Galaxy Note 7.

YOU UNLOCK IT JUST BY LOOKING AT IT The Note 7 is one of the first phones to
include an infrared iris scanner as a means of unlocking the device (some
Windows 10 phones have been eyeball-unlockable for a while) meaning you can
glance at the screen with either one of your peepers and have it ping to life in
seconds. It's ideal for those times when your fingers are covered in grease or
you've been buried up to your neck in sand.

THE STYLUS CAN DO LOTS MORE The S Pen is twice as sensitive as the stylus that
came with the Note 5 (incidentally, if you're wondering where the Note 6 went,
Samsung skipped it to keep the numbering neat). It can jot notes on the screen
even when the phone is locked, create gif animations of anything that's on
screen and instantly translate any text it touches.

YOU CAN SPLASH IT AND DUNK IT The phone is waterproof to depths of five feet for
up to half an hour, so if you drop the Note 7 in the bathtub you've got time to
go make a cup of tea and read a chapter of a book before retrieving it. The
stylus is equally waterproofed and works on the screen even when both are
soaking wet, an engineering feat that took Samsung three years (and presumably a
small pile of damp and broken pens) to develop.

ITS INSIDES ARE ONLY SLIGHTLY MORE POWERFUL THAN THE S7 EDGE For a long time
Samsung's Note series has way outperformed its smaller and more mainstream
phones, but as the S7 was such an unexpectedly beefy little handset to begin
with, the Note 7 simply copies much of that phone's existing specifications
while adding a few small improvements. The 12 megapixel camera with f/1.7 lens
is the same found in the S7. It's got the same Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor
and 4GB of RAM. With 64GB of memory, the Note 7 has twice the internal storage
however, and a larger battery that's used to power the bigger screen. This can
be expanded with a MicroSD card, a feature missing from the Note 5. This is also
the first Samsung phone to make the leap to USB Type-C, the kind with a
convenient charging cable that fits either way around.

IT FITS INTO A NEW VR HEADSET The Gear VR has been updated to work with the Note
7 and now features a USB Type-C port and a wider field of view.

THE SCREEN IS CURVED AND THE BACK IS MADE OF TREACHEROUS GLASS Another
similarity to the S7 can be seen in the screen's curved edges, a design that's
mirrored on the rear panel of the phone too to create a pleasing front-and-back
symmetry. The Note 7 has Gorilla Glass 5 on both sides, so just like the S7 it
will glide frictionlessly across even the most slightly inclined of surfaces,
stealthily inching its way towards table edges unnoticed until you hear the
clatter of your phone hitting the floor.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CAM


                            Copyright 2016 City A.M.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             542 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            April 20, 2016 Wednesday

'Cheil, Founded deal unlikely to affect stake sale process'

BYLINE: By Kim Yoo-chul

LENGTH: 566 words


Mobile chief Ko remains upbeat about S7 sales

Cheil Worldwide CEO Lim Dai-ki said Wednesday that its decision to acquire
Founded, a creative agency with offices in London and San Francisco, is unlikely
to affect the firm's ongoing stake sale.

'Cheil Worldwide acquired Founded as planned as this deal will significantly
boost Iris' expertise in B2B marketing and strategic planning,' Lim told
reporters.

He made the remarks on the sidelines of the weekly regular meeting of senior
Samsung executives, held Wednesday at the Seocho Samsung Tower.

Cheil, an advertising arm of Samsung Group, itself owns Iris, McKinney and
Barbarian Group.

The senior executive declined to specify terms of the Founded deal. Established
in 2012, Founded was named 'Best Breakthrough Agency of the Year' last year. Its
sales last year were $8.7 million, with the agency generating $2.2 million in
operating profit.

Lim said the acquisition of Founded won't affect the ongoing discussions with
Publicis of France over the possible sale of Cheil Worldwide.

Talks are currently underway between Cheil and Publicis to sell a 30 percent
stake in Cheil to the French firm.

'This is a totally separate issue. Major shareholders were in talks with global
ad agencies for improved partnership on multiple fronts. But no significant
progress has so far been made,' Lim told reporters.

However, some claim Cheil's acquisition of Founded was part of its strategy
shift for international growth rather than selling its stake to the French
company, as the talks were at one point stalled after Samsung and Publicis
differed on the value of Cheil Worldwide stocks.

For example, Samsung Electronics spent $2.4 billion on global advertising in
2015.

Cheil's Iris has contracts with P&O Cruises, Uniqlo, HSS Hire, SAP, Financial
Times, Moneycorp, WSAtkins, WePay, Capita and Zipcar as its clients, meaning
that the alliance will also give Cheil greater access to those under the same
network.

Galaxy S7 goes well

Separately, Samsung Electronics' mobile chief Ko Dong-jin told reporters that
the company is positive about brisk sales of its latest flagship handsets -
Galaxy S7 and S7 edge - in the United States.

'Samsung Electronics is still on track to continue the ¡®one-plus-one'
promotional event for American customers - get another product free with one
purchase. Samsung is positive about further healthy sales of S7 even after the
promotion,' the senior executive said. 'This promotion is led by mobile
carriers.'

Verizon Wireless, America's top mobile carrier, has joined with Sprint and
T-Mobile for the special deal. A customer using AT&T's networks can get
Samsung's 48-inch flat-screen TV with one S7 purchase this month.

Counterpoint Research, a market research firm, said the S7 sold 26 percent more
than its predecessor Galaxy S6 for the first month since the device's debut.

The company's semiconductor chief Kim Ki-nam made clear that the market leader
Samsung is developing next-generation memory chip variants such as MRAM and
ReRAM.

'Yes, Samsung will commercialize MRAMs and ReRAMs according to our own schedule.
We are on our way and will be ready soon,' Kim told reporters.

MRAM is an upgraded version of DRAM with advantages in data-processing speed.

Also, unlike conventional DRAMs, MRAM can store information in digital devices
even when switched off. ReRAM enhances speed and efficiency more than today's
NAND flash memory chips.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             543 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            April 20, 2016 Wednesday

'Cheil, Founded deal unlikely to affect stake sale process'

BYLINE: By Kim Yoo-chul

LENGTH: 566 words


Mobile chief Ko remains upbeat about S7 sales

Cheil Worldwide CEO Lim Dai-ki said Wednesday that its decision to acquire
Founded, a creative agency with offices in London and San Francisco, is unlikely
to affect the firm's ongoing stake sale.

'Cheil Worldwide acquired Founded as planned as this deal will significantly
boost Iris' expertise in B2B marketing and strategic planning,' Lim told
reporters.

He made the remarks on the sidelines of the weekly regular meeting of senior
Samsung executives, held Wednesday at the Seocho Samsung Tower.

Cheil, an advertising arm of Samsung Group, itself owns Iris, McKinney and
Barbarian Group.

The senior executive declined to specify terms of the Founded deal. Established
in 2012, Founded was named 'Best Breakthrough Agency of the Year' last year. Its
sales last year were $8.7 million, with the agency generating $2.2 million in
operating profit.

Lim said the acquisition of Founded won't affect the ongoing discussions with
Publicis of France over the possible sale of Cheil Worldwide.

Talks are currently underway between Cheil and Publicis to sell a 30 percent
stake in Cheil to the French firm.

'This is a totally separate issue. Major shareholders were in talks with global
ad agencies for improved partnership on multiple fronts. But no significant
progress has so far been made,' Lim told reporters.

However, some claim Cheil's acquisition of Founded was part of its strategy
shift for international growth rather than selling its stake to the French
company, as the talks were at one point stalled after Samsung and Publicis
differed on the value of Cheil Worldwide stocks.

For example, Samsung Electronics spent $2.4 billion on global advertising in
2015.

Cheil's Iris has contracts with P&O Cruises, Uniqlo, HSS Hire, SAP, Financial
Times, Moneycorp, WSAtkins, WePay, Capita and Zipcar as its clients, meaning
that the alliance will also give Cheil greater access to those under the same
network.

Galaxy S7 goes well

Separately, Samsung Electronics' mobile chief Ko Dong-jin told reporters that
the company is positive about brisk sales of its latest flagship handsets -
Galaxy S7 and S7 edge - in the United States.

'Samsung Electronics is still on track to continue the ¡®one-plus-one'
promotional event for American customers - get another product free with one
purchase. Samsung is positive about further healthy sales of S7 even after the
promotion,' the senior executive said. 'This promotion is led by mobile
carriers.'

Verizon Wireless, America's top mobile carrier, has joined with Sprint and
T-Mobile for the special deal. A customer using AT&T's networks can get
Samsung's 48-inch flat-screen TV with one S7 purchase this month.

Counterpoint Research, a market research firm, said the S7 sold 26 percent more
than its predecessor Galaxy S6 for the first month since the device's debut.

The company's semiconductor chief Kim Ki-nam made clear that the market leader
Samsung is developing next-generation memory chip variants such as MRAM and
ReRAM.

'Yes, Samsung will commercialize MRAMs and ReRAMs according to our own schedule.
We are on our way and will be ready soon,' Kim told reporters.

MRAM is an upgraded version of DRAM with advantages in data-processing speed.

Also, unlike conventional DRAMs, MRAM can store information in digital devices
even when switched off. ReRAM enhances speed and efficiency more than today's
NAND flash memory chips.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             544 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

New S7 phone makes Samsung looks even more like rival Apple

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 285 words


NEW YORK (AP) -- Apple and Samsung phones, which have been looking more and more
alike over the past few years, are much closer to virtual twins with Samsung's
latest Galaxy S7.

The convergence began two years ago when iPhones got larger, mimicking Samsung's
once-innovative, plus-sized "phablets." Last spring, Samsung started emphasizing
higher quality materials and sophisticated design, just as Apple had for years.
And last fall, Apple boosted the resolution on the iPhone camera, narrowing one
of the major gaps it had with Samsung.

With the S7, Samsung is lowering its camera's resolution -- you read that right
-- to match the iPhone's 12 megapixels.

To be sure, there are key differences. Only the latest iPhones have special
features you activate by pressing harder on an icon or link, while Samsung is
among the biggest boosters of virtual reality.

It's too early to say which phone is better. Though Samsung announced the S7 on
Sunday at a wireless show in Barcelona, Spain, the phone isn't coming out until
March 11. My hands-on time has been limited to controlled settings.

And for most users it may end up being a draw -- Samsung leads the pack among
Android phones, while Apple has its own self-contained ecosystem, iOS. For many,
a choice between the two could come down to preference for one system or another
-- and the apps available for each.

In terms of size, Samsung's 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 is slightly larger and heavier
than the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s, but not much so. There's a premium version of the
S7 called the S7 Edge; both sides curve like a waterfall, such that the screen
flows over the side to the back of the phone. The Edge screen is 5.5 inches, but
much of that comes from the curvature.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             545 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday
                                  Home Edition

BUSINESS BEAT;
Swapping a faulty Galaxy Note 7

BYLINE: Hayley Tsukayama, Tsukayama writes for the Washington Post.

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part C; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 223 words


Last week, Samsung halted sales of its latest flagship smartphone, the Galaxy
Note 7, after reports of battery explosions and said it would voluntarily
replace every device.

"We acknowledge the inconvenience this may cause in the market, but this is to
ensure that Samsung continues to deliver the highest-quality products to our
customers," the company said in a statement last week.

Samsung said it had shipped 2.5 million of the devices and confirmed 35 cases in
which the batteries exploded either during or after charging normally. The
phones have a failure rate of about 24 per every million, the company said.
Although only a few dozen cases have been confirmed, those who have bought the
devices may be wondering: Do I really need to trade it in? The answer is yes.

Samsung will let smartphone users swap their current Galaxy Note 7 for a new one
when they become available. Samsung is also going to give customers the option
to swap their Note 7 for another Samsung phone -- the Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7
edge -- that has not had battery issues. The company will refund the difference
in price.

The company has also said that "consumers will receive a $25 gift card or bill
credit from select carrier retail outlets when choosing a Galaxy S7 family
device or the Galaxy Note 7 within the exchange program." AT&T is one of those
retailers.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Wire

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             546 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                             April 12, 2016 Tuesday

Upgrades and updates

LENGTH: 771 words

DATELINE: Nepal


Nepal, April 12 -- I think my computer is infected with a very potent virus
because it is not turning on at all. I want to format the computer but I can't
do that either because the computer just refuses to turn on. What can I do to
get my laptop working again

-Namish Poudel

Dear Namish,

You haven't provided a lot of details in your question that I can work with. How
can you be so sure that it's affected with a virus because unless a virus is a
really complex virus, they don't affect hardware as much. There are viruses that
infect the boot sector of your hard drive or even affect your MBR partitioning
tables but these viruses are really rare. Most common viruses won't behave like
this and even if did affect your Windows, the BIOS should boot. You'll know the
BIOS has booted when your laptop's manufacturer's logo will pop-up. But if
you're computer is not turning on at all, then a virus is most likely not the
issue because software will very rarely affect hardware. I think your laptop is
suffering from a hardware issue that is not letting it boot up at all, if
hardware is to be blamed, you might have to take your computer in for repair and
figure out which part of your hardware has been compromised. If your computer is
not booting up at all then there is nothing you can do anyway, so might as well
take it for repair.

I currently own a Galaxy S6 but with the release of the new Galaxy S7, I am
thinking of upgrading to the newer model. What would you recommend? Do you think
the S7 offers greater value that warrants an upgrade?

-Prajesh Pradhan

Dear Prajesh,

If you already own last year's Samsung flagship, an update might not be
necessary in terms of performance but if you want to upgrade because you want to
stay on top of the game and own the latest and the greatest, you can upgrade.
Upgrading would not offer you great value, however, because the S6 is already a
powerful phone on its own and it's just a year old. The S7 is definitely faster
than the S6 but your current phone can easily hold its own against anything that
the Play Store has to offer. There are some really cool features on the Galaxy
S7, however, like the always on display and better support for their edge
display but you'll be paying premium money for a device that is slightly better
than you current one. So, I would suggest holding on to your Galaxy S6 and
upgrading to the S7 when the prices have dropped or once your S6 starts behaving
sluggish. Be happy with what you have, sometimes our judgments are clouded by
the gimmicky features and advertising that these big companies are known for.

I have a Windows 8.1 PC and am pretty happy with the performance of the
operating system but I get annoyed when it starts updating when I need to work.
I will be nearing my deadline or will be getting ready for a presentation and
all of a sudden, my Windows will go into update mode and I'll have to wait for
the update to finish before even being able to work on my computer. This is
embarrassing when I am ready with a presentation and I just have to make
everyone wait until my Windows system updates before even being able to start my
presentation. This has gotten so annoying that I simply want to disable all
Windows updates. I don't want updates, I just want my computer to work, how do I
do this?

-Sunil Sherchan

Dear Sunil,

I can understand your frustration and I have been in similar situations. This
has been a constant problem on all Windows systems and it's baffling that
Microsoft has not done anything to rectify the issue. Turning off Windows
Updates is simple actually and all you need to do is navigate to your control
panel and open up the System & Security option. Here, turn off Automatic
Updating and within the Important Updates menu, select the Never Check For
Updates and you should be done. I do not recommend not updating since your
system will have a lot of security holes that will be patched over by these
updates but I can also understand your frustration; so disable updates when you
have work but when you have time, or even at night, just leave your computer to
update. This should avoid any hindrances in your work-flow and still keep your
data safe.

If your technological devices are giving you a hard time or if you're just
curious about certain technological questions, please drop us an email at
technopolis.tkp@gmail.com and we'll try to answer your questions as best as we
can.

Published: 12-04-2016 08:46

Published by HT Syndication with permission from EKantipur.com. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             547 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            October 25, 2016 Tuesday

After Galaxy Note 7 fiasco, now Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge explodes in US

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: New York


New York, Oct. 25 -- After the Note 7 fiasco, a Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge owner in
the US has claimed that the device which he received as a replacement for the
Note 7 exploded while charging.


 According to the PhoneArena website, the person went to a popular US wireless
carrier's store with a damaged Samsung Galaxy S7 edge - the highest-selling
device from the South Korean tech giant.
 The customer claimed he received the unit two weeks ago after turning in his
replacement Note 7 smartphone (version 2 with the "safe" battery).
 "According to the owner, it was charging overnight using the OEM (original
equipment manufacturer) charger," the report added.
 Last month, a construction worker in Ohio sued Samsung after his Galaxy S7 edge
exploded.
 "The victim suffered second and third degree burns and had to go through
painful skin grafts," PhoneArena reported.
 Three US customers from different states - Nevada, Pennsylvania and California
- have already complained about the fire-prone Note 7 devices and may go for a
class-action lawsuit against Samsung.
 The suit filed in the US District Court in Newark, New Jersey, accuses Samsung
Electronics America of fraud and breach of warranty and good faith, NBC News
reported.
 In a setback to Samsung Electronics on Monday, 527 owners of Galaxy Note 7
smartphone in South Korea filed a class-action lawsuit against the company for
inconvenience experienced after the discontinuation of the device.
 According to the Harvest Law Office here, the plaintiffs filed the case with
the Seoul Central District Court, seeking 500,000 won (US$440) in compensation
each, Yonhap news agency reported.
 Ko Young-yeel, the attorney representing the plaintiffs, said the rights of the
consumers were infringed upon as Samsung halted production of the device and
asked them to get replacements for other models.
 "The consumers were also deprived of their rights to get after-sales service,"
he said during a press conference held in front of the court. "(Samsung) should
compensate for the mental distress caused by such a situation," Young-yeel
added.
 Earlier this month, Samsung permanently halted sales and production of the
fire-prone Note 7, about two months after the device's launch.
 The South Korean firm estimated that it will lose $3 billion in operating
profits over the next six months due to the withdrawal of the Galaxy Note 7
smartphone.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             548 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Spruce Grove Examiner

                            October 21, 2016 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Tough month for Samsung

BYLINE: Yasmin Mayne, Spruce Grove Examiner

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 589  words


Transport Canada (TC) has banned passengers from bringing Samsung Galaxy Note 7
smart phone's onboard aircraft.

In a release issued last weekend, TC said the new rule applies to both carry-on
and checked baggage on flights within Canada.

"Canada has one of the safest aviation systems in the world, and protecting the
safety of passengers and flight crews is paramount. When notified of any
potential threat to aviation safety, the government does not hesitate to take
action in the best interests of Canadians ," said Marc Garneau, minister of
transport, in a press release.

The U. S. Transportation Department also issued an order banning the device from
U. S. air travel effective Oct. 15.

Samsung began recalls of its Note 7 in September, after reports of the phone
catching fire because of a battery cell issue.

According to Health Canada, "the lithium-ion battery has the potential to
overheat and burn, posing a potential fire hazard."

Samsung Electronics Canada received four reports of phone batteries overheating
and one report of a minor burn injury on a consumers'forearm.

Health Canada said there were no reported incidents on the replacement Note 7
devices in Canada.

On Oct. 11, Samsung announced it was stopping production of the Galaxy Note 7.

Data from Health Canada found that approximately 39,000 of the recalled smart
phones were sold or distributed in Canada and 22,000 were included in the
original recall.

Samsung is now asking Galaxy Note 7 or replacement Galaxy Note 7 owners to power
down the device and stop using it.

Residents have to bring the device to the original authorized seller to receive
a refund for the phone and its accessories.

They can also exchange the phone for Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge.

"The team has been consistent in our resolve in putting consumers first and
worked as quickly as possible ," said Paul Brannen, COO and EVP of Mobile and
Enterprise Solutions, in a press release.

"We are committed to working closely with our carrier and retail partners to
make this as easy as possible for consumers."

Samsung also announced that customers who exchange their Note7s for a Galaxy S7
and S7 edge would receive a $100 credit.

Customers exchanging their Note7s for a refund or other smart phone will receive
a $25 credit.

For Note7 return inquiries, Canadian customers should contact 1-855-747-6520.
Washing machine recall Phones weren't the only item being recalled by Samsung
this month.

On Oct. 4, Samsung recalled several top-loading high efficiency washing machine
models, because of abnormal vibrations.

Samsung Electronics Canada has received 64 reports of the tops detaching in
Canada, with 11 reports of minor property damage.

"Washing bedding, bulky or water-resistant items at certain settings may cause
the machine to experience abnormal vibrations which could pose a risk of
personal injury or property damage ," said Samsung in a press release.

"A small fraction of washers sold have a reported incident. There have been no
reports of personal injury in Canada."

The recalled models were manufactured between March 2011 and April 2016,
including one model manufactured between March 2011 and June 2016.

Samsung is advising Canadians with affected models to use the lower speed
delicate cycle when washing bedding, bulky or waterresistant materials.

To determine if you have an affected washer, visit www.samsung.com /ca
/TopLoadWasher-Remedy and www.samsung.com /ca /KenmoreTopLoadWasherRemedy.

Approximately 245,000 affected washing machines were sold in Canada.

ymayne @postmedia. com Twitter : @YasminMayne

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Spruce Grove Examiner
                              All Rights Reserved


                             549 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Stony Plain Reporter

                            October 21, 2016 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Tough month for Samsung

BYLINE: Yasmin Mayne, Stony Plain Reporter

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A20

LENGTH: 589  words


Transport Canada (TC) has banned passengers from bringing Samsung Galaxy Note 7
smart phone's onboard aircraft.

In a release issued last weekend, TC said the new rule applies to both carry-on
and checked baggage on flights within Canada.

"Canada has one of the safest aviation systems in the world, and protecting the
safety of passengers and flight crews is paramount. When notified of any
potential threat to aviation safety, the government does not hesitate to take
action in the best interests of Canadians ," said Marc Garneau, minister of
transport, in a press release.

The U. S. Transportation Department also issued an order banning the device from
U. S. air travel effective Oct. 15.

Samsung began recalls of its Note 7 in September, after reports of the phone
catching fire because of a battery cell issue.

According to Health Canada, "the lithium-ion battery has the potential to
overheat and burn, posing a potential fire hazard."

Samsung Electronics Canada received four reports of phone batteries overheating
and one report of a minor burn injury on a consumers'forearm.

Health Canada said there were no reported incidents on the replacement Note 7
devices in Canada.

On Oct. 11, Samsung announced it was stopping production of the Galaxy Note 7.

Data from Health Canada found that approximately 39,000 of the recalled smart
phones were sold or distributed in Canada and 22,000 were included in the
original recall.

Samsung is now asking Galaxy Note 7 or replacement Galaxy Note 7 owners to power
down the device and stop using it.

Residents have to bring the device to the original authorized seller to receive
a refund for the phone and its accessories.

They can also exchange the phone for Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge.

"The team has been consistent in our resolve in putting consumers first and
worked as quickly as possible ," said Paul Brannen, COO and EVP of Mobile and
Enterprise Solutions, in a press release.

"We are committed to working closely with our carrier and retail partners to
make this as easy as possible for consumers."

Samsung also announced that customers who exchange their Note7s for a Galaxy S7
and S7 edge would receive a $100 credit.

Customers exchanging their Note7s for a refund or other smart phone will receive
a $25 credit.

For Note7 return inquiries, Canadian customers should contact 1-855-747-6520.
Washing machine recall Phones weren't the only item being recalled by Samsung
this month.

On Oct. 4, Samsung recalled several top-loading high efficiency washing machine
models, because of abnormal vibrations.

Samsung Electronics Canada has received 64 reports of the tops detaching in
Canada, with 11 reports of minor property damage.

"Washing bedding, bulky or water-resistant items at certain settings may cause
the machine to experience abnormal vibrations which could pose a risk of
personal injury or property damage ," said Samsung in a press release.

"A small fraction of washers sold have a reported incident. There have been no
reports of personal injury in Canada."

The recalled models were manufactured between March 2011 and April 2016,
including one model manufactured between March 2011 and June 2016.

Samsung is advising Canadians with affected models to use the lower speed
delicate cycle when washing bedding, bulky or waterresistant materials.

To determine if you have an affected washer, visit www.samsung.com /ca
/TopLoadWasher-Remedy and www.samsung.com /ca /KenmoreTopLoadWasherRemedy.

Approximately 245,000 affected washing machines were sold in Canada.

ymayne @postmedia. com Twitter : @YasminMayne

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Stony Plain Reporter
                              All Rights Reserved


                             550 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Telecom Tiger

                      August 11, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Samsung announces launch of Galaxy Note 7 in India for Rs 59990

LENGTH: 684  words


It features a 5.7 inch QHD display, Samsung Exynos 8890 Octa SoC, 4GB RAM, 12MP
rear and 5MP front camera, Android Lollipop OS, 64GB internal storage, 3500 mAh
battery and has connectivity

Samsung on Thursday launched its flagship device the Galaxy Note 7 in India at
Rs. 59,900. The Galaxy Note 7 will become available in India from September 2
and will be available in Gold Platinum, Silver Titanium, and Black Onyx colour
variants.



"The Galaxy Note7 combines productivity and entertainment, and strong security
features. Powering a robust ecosystem, it is the ideal device for those who want
to achieve more in life. Life moves faster than ever now so we created the
Galaxy Note7 to move with users - helping them get things done more easily
wherever, whenever," said DJ Koh, President of Mobile Communications Business,
Samsung Electronics.

Samsung continues to defy boundaries of engineering with the Galaxy Note7 to
perfect the user experience through innovative design. Every edge, surface and
detail of the device's design has been refined to provide a comfortable grip and
easier one-handed operation, while remaining durable with Corning Gorilla Glass
5. Although the Galaxy Note7 features a large-screen, the unique front-to-back
symmetrical dual-edge curve remains balanced and light with the sleek feel users
have come to love from the Galaxy series. The curved screen lets the Galaxy
Note7 add the powerful Edge Panel for one-tap user access to applications, news
and functions.

The Galaxy Note7 is equipped with the advanced camera introduced on the Galaxy
S7 and Galaxy S7 edge The dual-pixel sensor technology, wide aperture and fast
auto focus work together to create sharp and beautiful photos even in low-light
environments.

In addition to 64GB of internal memory, the Galaxy Note7 offers expandable
storage and microSD support up to 256GB. The Galaxy Note7 is equipped with a
3500 mAh battery, easy Power Management UX through Smart Manager, and charges
quickly using the new USB-C port. Refresh the Galaxy Note7 wherever you find
wireless charger, especially on Samsung's Fast Charge Wireless Pads.

A new line of accessories will be available to complement the Galaxy Note7,
including the new S View Standing Cover, a light and portable cover that can be
used to prop the device at a 60-degree angle for easy viewing of content, as
well as an IP68 water resistant Backpack for on-the-go charging.

The Galaxy Note 7's highlight features are its iris scanner, the first time
Samsung has introduced the feature on one of its smartphones, apart from the
improved S Pen stylus and dual-edge 5.7 inch QHD (1440 x 2560 pixels) Super
Amoled display with Corning Gorilla Glass 5. The smartphone (and the S Pen
stylus bundled alongside) is also IP68 certified for dust and water resistance,
just like the Samsung Galaxy S7 and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge from earlier this
year. As with previous flagship models, the phablet packs a fingerprint sensor
on the home button and is also compatible with the Samsung Pay mobile payment
service.

Running Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow with Samsung's own skin atop, the Galaxy Note
7 variant in India is powered by a Samsung Exynos 8890 Octa SoC (four cores
clocked at 2.3GHz and four cores clocked at 1.6GHz), coupled with 4GB of LPDDR4
RAM. Some regions including the US will receive a variant powered by the
Snapdragon 820 SoC (two Kryo cores clocked at 2.15GHz and two Kyro cores clocked
at 1.6GHz).

As for optics, the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 sports a 12-megapixel rear camera with
Dual Pixel technology for better low-light photography, phase detection
autofocus (PDAF), optical image stabilisation (OIS), an f/1.7 aperture, dual-LED
flash, and Auto-HDR feature. The front camera on the other hand sports a
5-megapixel sensor with an f/1.7 aperture.

For Connectivity Samsung Galaxy Note 7 include - 4G LTE, Wi-Fi 802.11ac,
Bluetooth v4.2, GPS/ A-GPS, NFC, MST, and USB Type-C. Sensors on board include
an acceleromenter, ambient light sensor, barometer, gyroscope, magnetometer, and
a proximity sensor. The smartphone weighs in at 169 grams, and measures
153.5x73.9x7.9mm.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Telecom Tiger, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             551 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             August 9, 2016 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Feature-filled Note7 could well be Samsung's best mobile phone yet;
Digital life

BYLINE: John Davidson

SECTION: COMPUTERS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 1160 words


Every year at the launch of Samsung's Galaxy Note phone, I ask Samsung
engineers, designers and developers (basically anyone who will listen) the same
question.

Where's the app that lets users record meetings and take handwritten notes that
are synchronised with the recording, like a Livescribe? It would be the icing on
the cake for the Note that, to those of us in the Digital Life Laboratories, is
the best and most useful phone on the market.

And every year they give me the same answer: what a good idea! This year, at the
launch of the Note7, they actually said it was an "awesome" idea.

I'm beginning to give up hope. I've begged and pleaded so many times now, I'm
barely even disappointed when the app isn't built into the phone.

So if we don't count that as a disappointment, then the list of disappointments
with this year's Note7 is very short indeed. Maybe one or two items, which for a
sophisticated device like a modern smartphone is practically nothing. Maybe it
could have had the latest version of Android, known as Nougat, and maybe it
could have had the fastest processor in history, as the rumours said it would.

On the other hand, the list of impressive things about the Galaxy Note7 is
substantial. This is a significant upgrade, both in form and functionality, that
will solve some real issues for Note fans like me and that will win the phone
new fans.

Storage was the biggest issue. Because the Note is a phone you can use in so
many aspects of your life - from scribbling down quick notes using the
electronic pen on the lock screen, to watching videos on its huge, 5.7-inch
AMOLED screen - it tends to fill up fast, especially last year's model that was
limited to 32 gigabytes of internal storage.

The Note7 solves that in spades. It's got double the internal storage, and it
now has a slot for a memory card, taking the total storage to at least 320
gigabytes, 10 times the storage of last year's Note5. Indeed, if you pre-order
the Note7, it actually comes with 320 gigabytes of combined storage. (It will
come with a 256 gigabyte memory card, free of charge.)

The camera has had a significant upgrade, too. In the 30 minutes I had with the
Note7, I didn't get a chance to test the new camera, but there was almost no
need to: it's the very same camera that's in the Galaxy S7, the best camera on
the market.

That doesn't solve a problem with the Note, so much as problem with temptation.
Despite the Note being a more useful phone than the S7, it's tempting to pick up
the S7 just for the incredible camera. Now that thought has been banished. Now
there's no downside to the Note7, and plenty of upside.

Or, rather, I should say there should be no downside. Samsung has made a
slightly risky move in insisting that the screen on the Note7 now comes only in
a curved variety, which presents the risk that, when you're holding your phone
and taking notes or drawing on it (that is, after all, what the Note is designed
for), the fingers holding the phone will accidentally activate something on the
screen.

Now, Samsung says that the curve on Note7's screen is more gentle than the curve
on the S7 edge, which should reduce accidental screen touches. In the time I had
with the Note7, I can't say I had any problem with the curved edges of the
screen, but that's not to say it's not going to be an issue.

Worst case, you could always just buy a case for the phone to prevent accidental
activations. It would be a pity, because the curved glass front and back on the
Note7, combined with the way the metal frame no longer protrudes out from the
line of the glass, means the phone feels pretty sensational in the hand.

Not to mention, the Note7 is arguably the best-looking phone on the market, and
a case is only going to detract from that. But on the plus side, the S-View case
that you can get for the Note7 now folds out to make a stand for the phone,
which should turn the Note7 into the perfect video viewing device. Not that the
Note5 wasn't already, but with the addition of High Dynamic Range (HDR)
capabilities on the OLED screen, it should be more perfect than ever once the
HDR content actually arrives. (At the moment, only Amazon has announced HDR
versions of its films for the Note7.)

For business users in particular, Samsung has beefed up the security on the
Note7, adding infrared iris recognition on top of the existing fingerprint
scanning. But unless the iris recognition gets widespread adoption by online
payments systems or is at least as fast as the fingerprint scanning - and in
demonstrations I saw, it was slower - it's going to be a feature that only the
most paranoid of organisations and users will use.

Water and dust resistance has been added, too, also bringing the Note7 into line
with the Galaxy S7, and in my brief tests the waterproofing worked well, even
when the Note7's electronic stylus is out of its slot, leaving a big hole in the
bottom of the phone. The stylus is waterproof, too, and even works underwater.

The S-Pen stylus is, of course, what the Note7 is all about. It's the main
reason you'd buy this phone, especially now that Samsung has released the Galaxy
S7 edge, which is almost as large as the Note7 (the S7 edge has a 5.5-inch
screen, versus 5.7-inch on the Note7), meaning you no longer need to buy the
Note if all you want is a big-screened Samsung.

Samsung says the biggest improvement to the stylus is the feel of it: it's said
the stylus now feels like a ballpoint pen when you write on the screen. I can't
say that in my very brief comparisons I could tell the difference between the
feel of the stylus on the Note5 and the Note7, but I can tell you there is one
other improvement that may sound small, but is actually huge: the button on the
stylus now works as an eraser, exactly the way it always should have.

The stylus-related software is better, too. In all the previous versions of the
Note, notes could get a little hard to find because they could be composed, and
stored, in a number of different apps. Now all of those have been merged into
the one, new app, which should simplify things.

And new features have been added, too, such as a magnifying glass that you can
use just by hovering the stylus over the screen (it works very well), a pretty
impressive app that lets you create animated GIF just by using the S-Pen to
select (non-DRM'd) videos on the screen, and a translation system that uses OCR
to translate any text you hover the stylus over (I didn't get to test that one).

Samsung has even added voice recording to the note taking app, so now you can
record a meeting, and take notes about that meeting, both in the same app. That
feature sparked a moment of excitement, until I figured out that the handwritten
notes are not synchronised with the recording, so you can't go back and tap on a
note to play the related audio.

So close, Samsung, so close. Maybe next year? That would be awesome, thanks.

John Davidson attended the launch in New York as a guest of Samsung.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The Galaxy Note7 is a significant upgrade, both in form and
functionality.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             552 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                            February 22, 2016 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Surprise visit by Facebook founder at mobile show

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 194 words


NEW smartphones and 360-degree video have been at the centre of attention at the
Mobile World Congress (MWC).

The technology show, taking place in Barcelona, saw Samsung unveil the Galaxy S7
and S7 edge smartphones, while LG revealed the G5 phone, which has a modular
design where new parts, such as a speaker or a camera can be attached to the
device.

Both Samsung and LG confirmed they would be releasing 360 cameras in the coming
months.

Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg also made a surprise appearance at Samsung's
press conference to discuss 360 video, which the social network supports. The
billionaire added he hoped to film his daughter's first steps using the
technology. Chinese firm Huawei also introduced a new hybrid laptop, the
MateBook, while LG introduced a mini robot for home security called the Rolling
Bot, which can also monitor and even play with pets.

MWC has become a key smartphone event, with hundreds of accessories shown off
for the first time alongside the new devices, as well as future technologies
also being broadly discussed.

This year is also expected to see discussion on 5G internet - the next
generation of wireless data for phones .

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: <BFounder and CEO of Facebook Mark Zuckerber gives a speech during the
presentation of the new Samsung Galaxy S7 and Samsung Galaxy S7 edge devices in
Barcelona, Spain yesterday David Ramos

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2016 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             553 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                       April 25, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

HTC hoping to bounce back and win over customers in Australia with HTC 10

BYLINE: John DiPietro

LENGTH: 552  words


Since the first HTC One, the Taiwanese electronics company has seen a
significant fall in its revenue and profit, but with its latest model HTC 10,
the smartphone vendor is looking forward to bounce back and win the hearts of
customers in Australia. The 5.2-inch QHD Super LCD flagship boasts of a sizable
3,000 mAh battery, USB-C connector, and many other features.

However, for a moment it appeared that the Australian market would be slow in
picking up the device. The HTC 10 was announced on April 12, 2015, and soon
after the announcement it went on pre-order in a number of markets like as the
US and the UK.

There are many customers who have given the device favorable reviews, however a
huge majority also said that the efforts of the company have only hardly keep it
at a level similar to that of its competitors, including Samsung and LG.

However, for the ones who aren't in favor of spending that much cash to purchase
what has been called possibly the best Android handset available in market at
present, Samsung's Galaxy S7 and S7 edge, the offering by HTC has come up a bit
cheaper with Australian carriers.

The news regarding the arrival of HTC 10 on Australian shores was welcomed on
May 3, however at that time no carriers had selected the device for offering the
HTC smartphone on a more reasonably priced plan.

The price of off-contract and unlocked HTC 10 will be $1,080 AU. Though it is
quite costly, still it's nearly $100 AU cheaper than Samsung's Galaxy S7 and in
total $200 AU cheaper as compared to the Galaxy S7 edge.

A report published in TechTimes revealed, "The Taiwanese company has seen its
revenue and profit fall considerably since the first HTC One, but with the HTC
10, it does hope to bounce back and win over customers in Australia."

"HTC might launch both HTC 10 and HTC 10 Lifestyle in India. Soon after
announcing both smartphones, the company listed the Lifestyle variant on its
Indian website. The listing hints that the lowered down variant might makes its
way to India," according to a news report published by MakTechBlog.

HTC 10 Lifestyle is powered by a Snapdragon 652 and has 3GB RAM. While the
flagship smartphone is powered by Snapdragon 820 and has 4GB RAM. So the
Lifestyle will be priced much lower than the higher model due to difference in
processor.

According to a report in Neurogadget by Costea Lestoc, "In 2015, Google has
released two Nexus smartphones: a smaller one created by LG and a flagship
phablet created by Hauwei, and they came preinstalled with Android 6.0
Marshmallow. This year, there will be at least one Nexus that will run on the
upcoming Android N OS, which is being tested by many Nexus owners, and which
will have a launch by this fall. According to rumors, LG will take a break and
not work on another Nexus mid-tier device, allowing Huawei and HTC to return."

Waterproofing is a feature that Google's OEMs avoided to introduce on their
Nexuses, but this wish might be materialized in 2016. Another change that users
want to see on the next Nexus smartphone is a pressure-sensitive touch display,
just like that of the iPhone 6S, and Android N already included support for
pressure-sensitive touch-display panels. Some rumors say that HTC has added this
feature on the list and will implement it on whatever Nexus model will create
for Google.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             554 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            October 14, 2016 Friday

[URGENT] Samsung aims for quick recovery with Galaxy S7, S7 Edge

LENGTH: 58 words


[THE INVESTOR] Samsung Electronics announced on Oct. 14 that it will concentrate
on sales of Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge smartphones to compensate for losses incurred
by Galaxy Note 7 discontinuation.

The company also estimated that the opportunity cost incurred by the
developments to be in the mid 3 trillion won (US$ 2.66 billion) range.

By Choi He-suk (

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             555 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           September 23, 2016 Friday

CNET reviews rough and tumble phones;
Here are devices running the gamut of performance, appeal and expense.;
PUODUCT UEVIEWS

BYLINE: By CNET.com

SECTION: ; Pg. SA4

LENGTH: 621 words


The Motorola Droid Turbo 2 has a tough screen that won't crack. Plus, it has
top-tier performance, solid battery life and the ability to design your own
phone at Motorola's website.

The Cat S60 features a built-in thermal imaging camera. It can consistently
survive 6-foot drops onto concrete.

The Sony Xperia Z5 looks good, has plenty of power, its camera can take some
great snaps and it won't die when you spill your drink on it.

If you've dropped your phone on the concrete or unknowingly dragged it into the
ocean at the beach, you understand the pain of losing a handset that wasn't
designed to withstand the elements. To avoid this the next time, CNET has
gathered some of our recent favorite devices that are waterproof, rugged or
both.

Motorola Droid Turbo 2

Product Review:
http://www.cnet.com/products/motorola-droid-turbo-2/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The Motorola Droid Turbo 2 has a tough screen that won't crack. Plus,
it has top-tier performance, solid battery life and the ability to design your
own phone at Motorola's website.

The bad: The Turbo 2's camera lags behind the best you can buy, and the
shatterproof screen comes with some trade-offs. In the US, it's exclusive to
Verizon.

The cost: $487.90 to $649.99

The bottom line: The Verizon-exclusive Droid Turbo 2 delivers on its promise of
an uncrackable screen - and it's a great all-around Android phone, too.

Samsung Galaxy S7 Active

Product Review: http://www.cnet.com/products/samsung-galaxy-s7
-active/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The Galaxy S7 Active has extra long battery life and is resistant to
dust, water and drops. It has the same speedy performance, expandable storage
and excellent camera quality as the original S7.

The bad: The bulky, plastic design feels cheap compared with the glass-and-metal
S7, and the phone is expensive.

The cost: $794.99 to $829.99

The bottom line: AT&T customers looking for a durable and high-end smartphone
can't go wrong with the Galaxy S7 Active.

Cat S60

Product Review: http://www.cnet.com/products/cat-s60/#ftag=-CAD187281f

CNET rating: 3.5 stars out of 5 (Very good)

The good: The Cat S60 features a built-in thermal imaging camera. It can
consistently survive 6-foot drops onto concrete and can take a 16-foot dunking
into water. It has an expandable microSD card slot and loud front-facing
speakers.

The bad: It's significantly thicker and heavier than other smartphones. The
thermal imaging feature, while cool and fun, is mostly useless aside from some
specific cases.

The cost: $669.26

The bottom line: The Cat S60's durable build is impressive, but its appeal is
limited to those who can make good use of its built-in thermal imaging camera.

Sony Xperia Z5

ProductReview:http://www.cnet.com/products/sony-xperia-z5/#ftag=-CAD187281f

CNET rating: 3.5 stars out of 5 (Very good)

The good: The Sony Xperia Z5 looks good, has plenty of power, its camera can
take some great snaps and it won't die when you spill your drink on it.

The bad: Only minor updates from its predecessor means it lacks the excitement
of its rivals. Its waterproofing no longer allows for full submersion, meaning
it can't be used for underwater photography.

The cost: $399.99 (refurbished) to $450.00

The bottom line: Even with strong specs befitting a high-end phone, the Sony
Xperia Z5 adds little over its predecessor to make it an exciting option over
rivals like the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge.

The following CRET staff contributed to this story: Associate Editor Xiomara
Blanco,Associate Editor Dan Graziano, Senior Editor Sean Hollister, Senior
EditorAndrew Hoyle and Senior Editor Oaura N. Cucullu. For more reviews of
personal technology products, please visit www.cnet.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             556 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                           September 13, 2016 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

RING OF FIRE;
SAMSUNG MOBILE EXPLODES

BYLINE: NICK PISA

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 470 words


A SAMSUNG Galaxy S7 owner could have been killed when it overheated in her hand
and exploded.

Supply teacher Sarah Crockett, 30, told how the phone blew up in a busy cafe
even though it was not being charged.

Previous explosions have happened when the mobiles have been plugged in,
although a similar case to Sarah's has also emerged in the US.

And experts say it could spark a fresh crisis for Samsung.

The South Korean giant has already had to issue a full recall of its latest
handset, the £750 Note 7, after devices burst into flames when charging.

Mum-of-two Sarah, 30, was with husband Matt, 29, when her threemonth-old mobile
started to balloon in size before melting in clouds of white smoke in Witham,
Essex.

She said: "It suddenly just expanded in my hand and got really, really hot.

"I dropped it on the table. Within a few seconds there was smoke everywhere and
I jumped out of the way. The whole thing was just barbecued.

"I lost all my photos, including my four-year-old son Ollie's first day at
school. But what if it had been in his hands? What if I had been driving?" As
customers fled, waiter Jordan Pierce, 32, picked the phone up with a cloth
before dumping it outside.

Sarah sent CCTV footage from the Hold the Anchovies cafe to Samsung.

But she added: "They said it must have been charging at the time and I told them
it wasn't - which seemed to surprise them as they said it was the first they'd
heard anything like this."

A Samsung spokesman said: "There are no known safety issues with Galaxy S7
devices. Samsung takes customer queries extremely seriously and enquiries are
investigated and dealt with on a case by case basis.

"This issue is currently being investigated and our customer services team is in
contact with the customer regarding the matter."

nick.pisa@thesun.co.uk Q&A WHAT is causing this overheating problem? Samsung
says it will investigate Sarah's case.

case It could be because of dodgy batteries like some in the Note 7. But as
there have been so few cases, it might be that these are one-off problems.

If the handsets have been charged with dodgy leads - such as those bought in
markets - they might have previously damaged the batteries so they overheat.

What should I do if I have an S7 or S7 edge? Samsung says there are no known
problems with the S7 and have no recall plans. That means they think these are
very rare cases.

But if your phone is overheating regularly contact your network.

So is it a problem if I am using another charger? Tech giants always tell you to
use the lead and plug in the box as they have been properly tested.

Normally, it is fine if you swap them between a Samsung and a Sony or HTC. But
if you buy a replacement, watch out for cheaper ones from markets, eBay or phone
repair shops.

Genuine ones from Currys or Carphone Warehouse will not damage your battery.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Samsung Galaxy S7 is now just a charred shell BEFORE AFTER1 SMOULDERING
Samsung phone quickly overheats in Sarah's hand2 BURNING The mobile goes into
meltdown after she drops it on cafe table wn able3 SMOKING Handset goes up in a
cloud of white fumesSarah . . & her phone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN


                    Copyright 2016 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                             557 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             August 9, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 preorders double those of S7 in Korea

LENGTH: 182 words


[THE INVESTOR] Samsung Electronics' new smartphone Galaxy Note 7 saw more than
200,000 preorders over the past two days, double that of its S7 sibling,
industry data showed on Aug. 9.

The preorder figure is the highest-ever for a Galaxy phone.

The latest Note, unveiled on Aug. 2, boasts diverse new features such as an iris
scanner for unlocking the handset, a curved screen, waterproof and upgraded pen
functions.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7

Samsung's aggressive marketing is also playing a role in attracting new
customers.

The Gear Fit 2, worth 198,000 won (US$177), is offered as a gift for a new Note
purchase. The company pays 50 percent of the repair costs when the screen is
broken. A 100,000-won gift card is also given for use at Samsung Pay Mall.

Samsung operates some 2,800 Note experience zones across the nation, which
compares to some 2,000 for the Galaxy S7.

The company aims to attract premium customers before the upcoming launch of
Apple's next iPhone possibly in September.

The Galaxy Note 7 will be launched on Aug. 19 globally. The price starts from
988,900 won here.

By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             558 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            January 17, 2016 Sunday

Samsung Galaxy S7 to have Live Photos feature

LENGTH: 208  words


By tbreak Staff -

The Samsung Galaxy S7 has been the center of many rumors, ranging from two
different processors to even bringing back the microSD card slot. However, the
latest rumor suggests that it might also be coming with a feature similar to
Apple's Live Photos.

The South Korean tech giant will apparently have a feature similar to Live
Photos, which will be called Vivid Photos, in the Samsung Galaxy S7. This
feature would work like the Live Photos feature, and will record 1.5 seconds of
video before and after a photo is snapped, giving the photo a lively effect.

However, Apple may not be the only one with such a feature. Initially it was HTC
Zoe that had this feature, but Apple added this to the iPhone when it became
quite popular. Now, Samsung is using the idea, and apparently has its software
engineers testing it. But, sadly it may not be available in time for the S7, so
we can expect it as a software update. Surprisingly, the Vivid Photos feature
will not record audio or sound with the photo, thus making it easy for users to
upload the photo directly to social media as a GIF.

As for the S7, the reveal date is set to be February 21st this year, prior to
the MWC 2016 event.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/30/145311686944.jpg



LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             559 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Saudi Gazette

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday

Samsung phone not actually water resistant

LENGTH: 329  words


NEW YORK - Consumer Reports says a Samsung phone that's advertised as being
"water resistant" actually isn't. The problem appears limited to the Galaxy S7
Active, a rugged model available only through AT&T in the US. The standard S7
and S7 Edge models have the same claims on water resistance and passed tests.

Consumer Reports, a non-profit organization that is well respected for its
product testing, said Friday that it can't recommend the Active because it
doesn't meet Samsung's own claims. By contrast, Consumer Reports rates the S7
and S7 Edge phones as "Excellent" for their displays, battery life and cameras.

Maria Rerecich, Consumer Reports' director of electronics testing, said she was
surprised the Active failed. She said Samsung's claims are usually "fairly
good."

Samsung told Consumer Reports that it is investigating and has received very few
complaints. Samsung told The Associated Press that while the Active is meant to
be one of the most rugged phones out there, "there may be an off-chance that a
defective device is not as watertight as it should be."

Samsung says all S7 phones, including the Active, are designed to survive in up
to 5 feet of water for 30 minutes. Consumer Reports says that after a half-hour
in water, the Active's screen flashed green and other colors and didn't respond
to touch. Tiny bubbles appeared on the camera lenses.

Consumer Reports tested a second Active phone to verify results and it also
failed.

Rerecich said it's likely that the problems affect only some of the units
manufactured, but "we bought two and they both failed." Both units were bought
online.

Samsung says the Active can withstand drops of up to 5 feet on a flat surface,
though Consumer Reports did not test those claims.

In the US, the Active phone costs $795, which is the same price as the Edge, and
$100 more than the regular S7.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/511/1526/51/146808892241.jpg

A man tests Samsung Electronics' Galaxy S7 at its showroom in Seoul. - AFP

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1526


                       Copyright 2016 The Saudi Gazette.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             560 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            January 31, 2016 Sunday

Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge possible press renders leaked

LENGTH: 250  words


By tbreak Staff -

The Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge, two phones who have been at the center of the
rumor mill ever since the S6 and S6 Edge came out last March. If you wondered
what these phones might look like, the latest images of the devices have leaked.

Although its meant to be the next flagship from Samsung, it is missing out on
lot of the basics. These include a removable battery and microSD card support.
Thanks to Evan Blass, our trusted leakster, a new set of leaks show the first
press renders of the new devices. However, these leaked images do raise small
suspicions which make it feel like it is Photo-shopped. For example, the shape
looks deformed along the bottom of the fingerprint sensing home button on the
S7. The S7 Edge on the other hand, has a home button tilting downwards.  The
camera sensor also appears to be larger on the S7 Edge.

However, if you were wondering why someone would go through the efforts of
faking this image, another leaked image earlier also shows a similar bent home
button. If these are to believed, the phones will be pure black in color, will
have new wallpapers and will measure 5.5 inches and 5.1 inches for the S7 Edge
and S7 respectively. There is also a lack of a USB Type-C port, and the design
looks identical.

Will the S7 and S7 Edge boast a new design, or will it just look like the
previous S6? Well, we can just wait till MWC to find out.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/24/145431892762.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/13/145431892824.jpg



LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             561 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                              June 20, 2016 Monday

'Vulkan' to boost mobile gaming experience -

LENGTH: 522 words


A visitor to the Electronic Entertainment Expo 2016 plays Nexon's mobile game
'Heroes of Incredible Tales,' upgraded to use Vulkan graphics technology on
Samsung Electronics Galaxy S7 phones at the Los Angeles Convention Center, June
14./ Courtesy of NexonBy Yoon Sung-won

'Vulkan,' a mobile application programming interface (API), is catching
attention in the smart device and mobile gaming industry for its ability to
provide better graphic effects even in smart devices with low hardware
specifications.

As Google is planning to adopt the new technology for its next-generation
Android mobile operating system, expectations are that this will extend further
business opportunities to game development companies.

During the Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) held in Los Angeles last week,
Samsung Electronics exhibited its Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge smartphones, the first
smartphones that support the Vulkan API. At a dedicated exhibition zone, the
company collaborated with Nexon to display its mobile game 'Heroes of Incredible
Tales (HIT)' for the S7 series. 'HIT' is one of the first mobile games
supporting the Vulkan technology.

An executive from NAT Games, which developed 'HIT,' said, 'We have realized
better graphics performance and boosted battery efficiency by applying the
Vulkan API to HIT under cooperation with Samsung Electronics. This will help us
promote HIT in the global market.' Nexon said it plans to distribute a
Vulkan-based global version of 'HIT' in more than 140 countries.

Samsung Electronics said, 'Vulkan's fast performance delivers an optimal gaming
experience to every player providing a 30 percent increase in average frame
rate.'

The new graphics API, however, has yet to be widely distributed because the
Galaxy S7 series is the only smartphone that supports the technology as of now.
In the gaming industry, Super Evil Megacorp's 'Vainglory,' Electronics Arts'
'Need for Speed' and 'HIT' are among the few mobile titles that will support the
Vulkan API as of now.

Google has said it will support the Vulkan API in the next upgrade of its mobile
operating system, tentatively called Android N, which is expected to be released
later this year.

'As a mobile-friendly development tool, the Vulkan API uses limited system
capacity more efficiently to provide better graphics quality with a more stable
frame rate while playing mobile games,' an industry source said. 'All
3D-rendered games, be it with high-quality or relatively less-sophisticated
images, will actually benefit with the Vulkan API in gaming experience in
general because it will reduce both battery consumption and heating.'

Developed and provided by U.S. non-profit organization Khronos Group, the Vulkan
API has been designed to produce better 3D graphics with less system overhead on
application processors in operating systems including Android, Tizen and
Windows, replacing the existing API standard called OpenGL.

Before the Vulkan technology, the OpenGL API required massive system capacity to
process sophisticated 3D images. For this reason, Android users needed expensive
high-specification smartphones to play the latest mobile games.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             562 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                              July 8, 2016 Friday

Galaxy phones boost Samsung in Q2

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 399 words


SEOUL, South Korea * Samsung Electronics said Thursday that its second-quarter
operating income jumped 17 per cent over a year earlier to the highest quarterly
profit in more than two years, as strong sales of its Galaxy smartphones drove
profit growth in the mobile business.

In its earnings preview, the South Korean company put its operating income at
8.1 trillion won ($7 billion), compared with 6.9 trillion won a year earlier.

That was much higher than forecasts. Analysts predicted 7.4 trillion won of
operating income according to FactSet, a financial data provider.

It was the best performance in nine quarters. The last time Samsung raked in
more than 8 trillion won of operating income was during the January-March period
in 2014 when it reported 8.5 trillion won in operating profit.

Sales rose 3 per cent to 50 trillion won. Samsung did not give its net profit or
breakdowns among its business divisions.

The company is the world's largest maker of smartphones, televisions, memory
chips and display panels. Each of Samsung's four business divisions likely
showed strong results during the latest quarter, according to analysts. Key
products of each business division - the Galaxy S7 smartphones, ultra-high
definition TVs, solid state computer storage devices and thin and light displays
known as OLED - all saw solid demand.

The most important drive behind its forecast-beating earnings was smartphones.
In recent weeks, analysts revised up their forecasts on Samsung Electronics
saying that Samsung's mobile business performed better than expected thanks to
robust sales of the Galaxy S7 smartphone models.

The optimistic view reflects a shift from earlier this year when analysts
thought Samsung's best year was behind it and that its annual profit would fall,
largely because they saw Samsung's mobile growth coming to a halt.

After the release of the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge smartphones in spring, however,
the mood has changed. While Apple's flagship iPhone sales slowed, analysts
predicted that Samsung's mobile profits would gain this year.

"Foreign investors' sentiment toward Samsung Electronics is quickly changing
after the second quarter," CW Chung, an analyst at Nomura Financial Investment
Co., said before Samsung's disclosed its earnings preview.

Shares of Samsung Electronics have surged nearly 20 per cent since January.
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Telegraph Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             563 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                              June 17, 2016 Friday

Galaxy Note 7 all set to commence manufacturing during July

LENGTH: 352  words


Galaxy Note 7, the flagship smartphone from Samsung is all set to go under the
manufacturing process starting next month

Galaxy Note 7 is all set to go under the manufacturing table starting from the
month of July. After that, Samsung is expected to make an official announcement
during the month of August, which is exactly a whole month away from Apple
announcing its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. The announcement of Galaxy Note 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus will make a nice little comparison between the phablet
smartphones. The hardware and features expected to be present inside Samsung's
phablet device is somewhat tricky to conclude.

It's because a series of leaks and rumors suggests that the smartphone will
either have a Snapdragon 823 SoC or an Exynos 8890. In terms of the technology,
there is going to be no difference between Snapdragon 823 and Snapdragon 820
since both of them will be manufactured on the same 14nm FinFET technology.
Snapdragon 823 however, will have a higher processor clock speed, making it able
to perform better than the CPU present in Snapdragon 820.

While this can also mean that Galaxy Note 7 will have shorter battery timing
compared to Galaxy S7 edge, the latest update reports that the smartphone will
have a 4,000mAh battery and a 5.8-inch screen with a Quad HD resolution. There
is also a possibility that the phone could come with both a fingerprint scanner
and an iris scanner, to give the user a higher form of security. We are not
quite sure if the iris scanner will be integrated with Samsung Pay, but it looks
like the official announcement taking place in August is going to provide us
with sufficient information.

Galaxy Note 7 is also rumored to feature a dual-camera function, since there
needs to be some level of distinguishing between Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 edge and
the upcoming phone. One thing that we're really hoping to see from the upcoming
handset is a storage card slot. Samsung has released microSD cards with faster
write speeds so this will help reduce the performance gap between the internal
memory and of course the speed barrier of that storage card.

Source

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             564 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             April 22, 2016 Friday

Galaxy Note 6 rumored to have a 4,000mAh battery

LENGTH: 353  words


According to the latest rumor, Galaxy Note 6 will probably be having a 4,000mAh
battery present underneath its hood

There should a fair amount of difference between Galaxy Note 6 and the flagship
duo, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge that were released not too long ago. Samsung
intends of making the difference noteworthy thanks to the latest rumor, which
suggests that Galaxy Note 6 is going to feature a 4,000mAh battery. In
comparison that is only a 400mAh difference between Galaxy S7 edge, which has a
3,600mAh battery, but you also have to keep in mind that the latter has a screen
size of 5.5 inches, whereas Galaxy Note 6 is rumored to have a 5.8-inch screen.

Samsung has not been rumored to bump up the resolution to 4K for obvious battery
drainage reasons, and what's more is that a 1440p Super AMOLED display is more
than sufficient to resonate a slew of vibrant colors on the already impressive
display of the smartphone family. Most of the changes are going to be present in
the hardware and Galaxy Note 6 is expected to have 6GB of RAM, which exceeds the
amount that you normally see in entry-level notebooks these days.

Both camera sensors are also expected to be given significant upgrades over
their predecessors and we might even see a larger camera sensor size in order to
improve overall image quality to new heights. We are not quite sure how wide the
fixed aperture is going to be but we have a feeling that Samsung is going to
retain it at f/1.7.

One highlight of the smartphone is expected to be an upgraded chipset called
Snapdragon 823. While there isn't supposed to be any huge difference between
Snapdragon 820 and Snapdragon 823 apart from the increase in the processor's
clock speed in the latter, there needs to be some level of distinguishing
between the three smartphones.

The release date of Galaxy Note 6 is yet to be confirmed, but we should be
looking at the month of August, which is exactly one month before the grand
unveiling of Apple's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

Sammobile

Source

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/11/146143225475.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/84/146143225713.jpg



LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             565 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            August 27, 2016 Saturday

Reliance Jio 4G SIM card for unlimited mobile data: Find out if your smartphone
is eligible!

BYLINE: dna Web Team

LENGTH: 524  words


Reliance Jio 4G preview offer, which was initially only available for LYF
smartphones, has now been extended to other smartphone brands as well. The
company's 4G-LTE services include unlimited HD Voice and video calls along with
unlimited SMS and high-speed data and a host of Jio premium apps such as
JioPlay, JioOnDemand, JioBeats, JioMags, JioXpressNews, JioDrive, JioSecurity,
and JioMoney.

The company has extended the preview offer to most smartphone brands in India
which include Samsung, Micromax, Karbonn, Lava, Xolo, LG, Gionee, Panasonic,
ASUS, Yu, TCL AND Alcatel. However, the company has not yet released a statement
regarding an official launch but it is expected to have a commercial launch
soon.

Below is the list of devices eligible for the new Reliance Jio 4G SIM card. The
offer is valid for a period of 90 days only, starting from the day of
activation.

Samsung

Grand Prime 4G, Galaxy J1, Galaxy J2, Galaxy J7, Galaxy J5, Galaxy S5 Plus,
Galaxy A5, Galaxy A7, Galaxy Core Prime 4G, Galaxy S6, Galaxy J3 (2016), ON7,
Galaxy A8, Galaxy S6 Edge, ON5, Galaxy Note 5, Galaxy Note 4, Galaxy Alpha,
Galaxy S6 Edge Plus, Galaxy Note 4 Edge, Galaxy Note 5 Duos, Galaxy S5 Neo, S7,
Galaxy A5 (2016), Galaxy A7 (2016), S7 Edge, A8 VE, J5 (2016), J7 (2016), ON5
Pro, ON7 Pro, Galaxy J2 (2016), J Max, Galaxy A9, Galaxy A9 Pro, Galaxy C5,
Galaxy C7, Galaxy J2 Pro, Galaxy Note 7.

Micromax

Bolt Selfie, Canvas 5, Canvas 5 Lite, Canvas 5 Lite Special Edition, Canvas 6,
Canvas 6 Pro, Canvas Amaze 4G, Canvas Blaze 4G, Canvas Blaze 4G Plus, Canvas
Evok, Canvas Fire 4G, Canvas Fire 4G plus, Canvas Fire 6, Canvas Juice 4G,
Canvas Knight 2, Canvas Mega 2, Canvas Mega 4G, Canvas Nitro 4G, Canvas Pace 4G,
Canvas Play 4G, Canvas Pulse 4G, Canvas Sliver 5, Canvas Tab, Canvas Unite 4,
Canvas Xpress 4G, Unite 4 Plus, Unite 4 Pro

Karbonn

Aura 1, Aura Power, Quattro L45 IPS, Quattro L50 HD, Quattro L51 HD, Quattro L52
VR, Quattro L55 HD

Lava

A71, A72, A76, A76 Plus, A88, A89, A97, Ivory s 4g, Lava V5 M, Pixel V2, V2s,
X10, X11, X12, X17, X28, X38, X41, X41 Plus, X46, X50, X50 Plus, X81

Xolo

Black-1X M, era 1X, era 2X, era 4G, era 4K, era X

LG

K332 (K7 LTE), K520DY (Stylus 2), K520DY, H860 (LG G5), K500I (X Screen), K535D
(Stylus 2 Plus), LGH630D (G4 Stylus 4G) & LGH 442 (LGC70 Spirit LTE)

Gionee

E8, F103 Pro, F103 (1GB), F103 (2GB), F103(3GB), M4, M5, M5 Lite, M5 Lite CDMA,
M5 Plus, P5L, S Plus, S6, S6s, S7, V6L

Panasonic

ELUGA L, ELUGA Switch, ELUGA Icon, T45, ELUGA I2 ( 1GB ), ELUGA L2, ELUGA Mark,
ELUGA Turbo, ELUGA Arc, ELUGA I2 2GB, ELUGA I2 3GB, ELUGA I3, ELUGA Icon 2,
ELUGA A2, ELUGA Note, P55 Novo 4G, ELUGA Arc 2, P77

ASUS

ZenFone 2 Laser (ZE550KL), Zenfone 2 (ZE551ML), Zenfone Max (ZC550KL), Zenfone 2
Laser 5.0 (ZE500KL), Zenfone 2 (ZE550ML), Zenfone Selfie( ZD551KL), Zenfone 2
Laser (ZE601KL), Zenfone Zoom(ZX551ML), Zenfone Go 5.0 LTE (T500), Zenfone 3
ZE552KL, Zenfone 3 Laser( ZC551KL), Zenfone 3( ZE520KL), Zenfone 3( ZS570KL),
Zenfone 3( ZU680KL)

Yu

Yu Yureka, Yu Yutopia, YU Note, Yu Yuphoria, Yunicorn, Yunique, Yuphoria, Yureka
Plus, Yureka S

TCL

FIT 5.5, Pride T500L, TCL 560, TCL 562

Alcatel

OneTouch X1, Pixi 4 -5, POP Star, POP3, POP4

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             566 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Argus Weekend (South Africa)

                                 April 10, 2016
                                   E1 Edition

Edge of perfection

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 847 words


Now they're available in South Africa and I've had a chance to spend some
quality time with the more pricey and, in my opinion, better looking of the two,
the Edge.

Did familiarity breed contempt, or did my initial love-at-first-sight blossom
into a full-blown romance?

You be the judge as I detail six reasons you'll fall hard for the Samsung Galaxy
S7 Edge.

l Beauty and brains

When its predecessor, the Galaxy S6 Edge, was launched last year, I declared it
the most beautiful phone in the world. That title now goes to the S7 Edge which
is, if possible, even more stunning.

It now also feels great in the hand, thanks to the design wizards at Samsung
smoothing out the sharp edges and adding a subtle but reassuringly palm-fitting
curve to the back.

This goes beyond aesthetics and ergonomics. Thanks to the extra space afforded
by the rear curve, there's room to squeeze in new components that make the S7
Edge arguably the most powerful smartphone on the market, starting with...

l A bigger battery

One of the big disappointments of the S6 line was its battery life.

The S7 line is endowed with bigger, better batteries. The S7 comes with a 3
000mAh battery, up from the S6's 2 550mAh, while the S7 Edge boasts a beefy 3
600mAh battery, a full 1 000mAh bigger than the one in last year's Edge.

I battled to get through a busy work day with its predecessor, but the S7 Edge
easily achieved this with enough juice to spare for watching videos and browsing
the web well into the wee hours - a delightful experience thanks to the 5.5-inch
quad HD super amoled display.

l Expandable storage

Another feature absent in the S6 that makes a welcome return in the S7 is the
Micro SD card slot.

The Edge comes with either 32GB or 64GB of onboard storage (the 32GB version is
the one most widely available in SA).

Thanks to the SD card slot, that's now expandable by up to 200GB (the size of
the biggest cards on the market).

l Water and dust-proof

One of the things I really liked about Samsung's long-discontinued Galaxy S5 was
its water resistance.

Although its ingress protection level of IP67 meant it was only guaranteed to
guard against brief immersion, it was enough to save the phone from a temporary
dunking like a drop in the loo or a poolside fumble.

I wasn't alone in my disappointment when Samsung removed even this mild level of
protection with the S6 line. But now it's back and better than ever.

With an IP68 rating, the S7 and S7 Edge are now both totally dust tight and will
withstand submersion in 1.5m of water for 30 minutes.

Impressively, Samsung's managed to achieve this level of protection without
having to resort to fiddly flaps to cover the charging port and headphone jack.

l Better low-light pictures

Samsung's done an at-first-glance puzzling thing with the main camera on the S7
range, dropping the megapixel count from 16MP on the S6 to 12MP. It's billed
this as an upgrade because they've upped the pixel size, allowing more light
into each snap.

Daytime pics were crisp and clear, if not quite as detailed when zoomed in close
as those snapped with the older S6.

But low light pics were a revelation, rich, warm and surprisingly clear in
conditions that produced only fuzzy smudges from the selection of high-end
competitors I compared them with, thanks to the wide f/1.7 aperture lens.

The 5MP front-facing has the same lens, so selfie fans can snap on well into the
night.

l Virtual reality

If you were one of the thousands who ordered the S7 or S7 Edge before March 20,
you'll have received a free GearVR virtual reality headset. If not, buy one for
around R1 600.

Unlike the more expensive Oculus Rift and HTC Vive, which need to be paired with
a PC, to use the GearVR you simply slot a recent model, high-end Samsung
smartphone into the headset.

For now these are the S7, S7 Edge, S6, S6 Edge, S6 Edge+ and Note 5, although
Samsung has hinted it may soon bring some of its more affordable phones into the
VR fold.

There's already a good selection of video content and games available with more
being added all the time, including the cult open world game, Minecraft.

A few niggles

All smartphones, however impressive, have their flaws and the S7 Edge is no
exception. While the curved glass screen makes it beautiful to behold, it made
the phone a little tricky to use one-handed. I regularly found myself touching
the screen accidentally with my palm while shifting my grip and activating one
feature |or another, a minor irritation but it's there.

More serious are reports I've had from various people, fellow tech journalists
among them, that the S7 Edge, with curved glass back and front, is prone to
cracks, even from relatively minor drops. My advice would be to buy a cover,
though it seems a real pity to hide something as pretty as this away.

It's pricey, around R16 000 on prepaid, but then so are other high-end handsets
thanks to our battered rand.

These quibbles aside, if you're in the market for a premium smartphone and
nothing but the best will do, both in terms of looks and performance, look no
further than the S7 Edge.

l Follow Alan Cooper on Twitter @alanqcooper.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CZ


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             567 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

Why Mark Zuckerberg was at Samsung Galaxy S7 launch event

BYLINE: Debashis Sarkar

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 418 words


NEW DELHI: Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg made a surprise entry duringin
Barcelona, on the sidelines of MWC 2016. But before the media present there
could get enough of him, Zuckerberg was gone, leaving behind a thought -- the
next level of social media is virtual reality aka VR.

Soon after the new flagship Galaxy S7 and S7 edge were unveiled by Samsung's new
president of mobile communications business DJ Koh, the company's global VP of
research Pranav Mistry appeared on stage to present the attendees with more
details about the new Gear 360 camera.

Mistry requested the audience to put on the Gear VR headset to experience the
Gear 360 camera for a visual demo. After a brief moment of 'oohs and aahs', the
attendees saw Zuckerberg on the stage when they took off their VR headsets.

The question remains: what was Zuckerberg doing there? If we have gotten over
the horrors of the image (below) of our future, we are now left to imagine
whether Zuckerberg was trying to hardsell VR altogether.

If Oculus was not just enough for Facebook, Zuckerberg suggested letting any
company -- big or small -- with VR ambitions team up and introduce more
consumers to the future of virtual reality. The Facebook chief left no stones
unturned to praise Samsung and its Gear VR.

Zuckerberg even said that only Samsung can provide the ideal VR experience that
Facebook wants for its virtual reality video platform, citing the reason that
currently Samsung is the only company that can manufacture low persistence
rendering OLED displays at scale.

And Zuckerberg definitely wants VR to reach the masses. "Gear VR will be in the
hands of millions of people this year," he expects. How? By making it
affordable.

It would be interesting to see how many actually get inspired by Zuckerberg's
vision to opt for the $99 Gear VR. Notably, Samsung will be giving away free
Gear VR headsets to those who pre-order the Galaxy S7 or S7 edge.

During his brief time on stage, Zuckerberg showed off the strong partnership of
"best mobile hardware from Samsung" and "best VR software from Facebook and
Oculus" with some jaw-dropping Facebook 360 videos with Gear VR and the power of
Facebook social VR apps.

It is still early to comment on the fate of VR headsets, but Zuckerberg believes
that VR will soon go beyond just gaming. "Facebook is investing a lot in VR, so
that we can bring these social experiences," he said pointing at a Facebook 360
video.

But do we really want a future that looks like this?

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             568 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                               May 2, 2016 Monday

Samsung proves resilience with earnings surprise

LENGTH: 742 words


Tech giant Samsung Electronics has posted surprising earnings in the
January-March period on the back of strong sales of its mobile devices, beating
market estimates.

Its net profit jumped 13.6 percent to 5.25 trillion won ($4.56 billion) in the
first quarter, according to the company's regulatory filing on Thursday. The
firm's operating profit came to 6.68 trillion won -- higher than the market
estimate of some 5 trillion won -- with its revenue standing at 49.8 trillion
won. The figures were up 11.65 percent and 5.65 percent on-year, respectively.

Samsung Electronics' Galaxy S7 Edge. (Yonhap)

The IT and mobile communications division, which oversees the company's
smartphone business, saw its operating profit jump 42 percent on-year to 3.89
trillion won, taking up nearly 60 percent of the firm's operating profit.

The improvements in profits came as a surprise as many critics had often
predicted that the glory days of the world's largest handset maker as well as
Apple of the U.S. are nearing their end due mainly to dog-eat-dog competition in
the global smartphone sector.

Apple saw its revenue drop for the first time in 13 years in the fiscal second
quarter that ended March 26, due to lackluster sales of its iPhones.

Samsung, however, has been showing resilience to keep its throne. Samsung said
its marketing scheme for the Galaxy S7 that pushed forward the release date of
its flagship Galaxy handset a month earlier than usual nailed it.

"This increase (in operating profit of the mobile business) was largely due to
the early launch and strong global performance of the flagship Galaxy S7 and S7
edge, as evidenced by robust sell-out figures and low inventory levels compared
to their predecessors," the company said.ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]

The company expected that sales of its smartphones and tablet PCs would remain
flat due to seasonal factors in the second quarter, saying it would try to
maintain sales momentum with mid- and low-range smartphones, including its
Galaxy A and J lineups.

Some market watchers forecast Samsung's profit recovery in the mobile business
will likely be short lived.

"We think that a meaningful improvement in the smartphone business over the long
term is unlikely due to ever-increasing competition and narrowing product
differentiation as lower-cost competitors' handsets improve. We expect handset
margins to decline, reflecting greater competition and weaker demand growth,"
global ratings agency Fitch Ratings said in a report.

Meanwhile, Samsung's businesses for semiconductor and display products saw their
operating profits decrease.

The semiconductor business posted an operating profit of 2.63 trillion won while
the display business logged an operating loss of 270 billion won, down 0.3
percent and 0.79 percent on-year, respectively.

Some critics cited the price drop of DRAM and competition in the world's
semiconductor market as affecting Samsung's chip business, while profits for the
display business worsened due to mediocre demand in the liquid crystal display
segment.

The consumer electronics division saw its operating profit increase slightly up
by 0.7 percent on-year to 510 billion won.

The Seoul-based tech giant said it would try to focus on improving profitability
with premium TV products during the upcoming Olympics and other sporting events,
which it said would drive global demand for large-size TVs.

Samsung spent 2.1 trillion won of capital expenditure on its display business,
which is thought to have been spent on ramping up its production facilities,
including those for OLED displays. Samsung is rumored to be supplying flexible
displays for Apple's next iPhones.ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]

Samsung said It would beef up its core businesses, including semiconductor,
display and consumer electronics, by rolling out cutting-edge products.

Among the products are 14-nanometer chips, ultra high-definition TVs and solid
storage drives equipped with up-to-date 3-dimensional NAND Flash memory chips,
all of which are top-notch technologies coveted by other market players in
respective sectors.

In an apparent move to shore up its share price as well as increase dividends
for investors, Samsung said on Thursday it would buy an additional 1.3 common
stocks and 320,000 preferred shares for three months and more until the end of
this year.

The company, which had announced that it would buy back 11 trillion won worth of
stocks in total last October, has repurchased 7.4 trillion won worth of stocks
so far.

By Kim Young-won (

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             569 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          Daily Independent (Nigeria)

                             March 28, 2016 Monday

Samsung Offers Galaxy S7 And Edge In Nigeria

LENGTH: 64  words


Samsung has launched the new Galaxy S7 Edge and S7 smartphones in Nigeria. The
devices are available in black onyx, gold platinum and silver titanium. They be
sold in MTN, Airtel, Etisalat and Globacom outlets, in Samsung Experience
Stores, and selected retail partners. The devices will cost around NGN 200,000.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/633/1803/8/145924831332.jpg

Galaxy-S7-Edge2post


LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1803


                       Copyright 2016 Daily Independent.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             570 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                              March 4, 2016 Friday
                                Kolkata Edition

Samsung to Spend Rs 100 cr to Market Galaxy 7

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: THE ECONOMIC TIMES

LENGTH: 343 words


The fight between Samsung Electronics and Apple in India is set to intensify ,
with the Korean company planning to spend a record sum on marketing and
promotion for the new flagship Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge that will be unveiled next
week and its US rival drawing up a counter-strategy .

Samsung may invest about ' . 100 crore on marketing its latest smartphones,
which will be launched in India around March 8 and go on sale from the third
week of March at prices that could match Apple's iPhone 6s models. It has asked
dealers to ensure maximum mileage for the Samsung brand on shop floors, three
senior industry executives said.

To take on Samsung, Apple has told dealers that it will have additional consumer
promotion and is considering reducing prices on some models. The company has
lined up a counter-marketing budget of ' . 30-40 crore, the executives said.

"This is the first time Apple is reacting to a flagship

launch from Samsung in India, signifying how important the Indian market is
emerging for both the smartphone giants," said one executive. "While Samsung is
tightening the trade, Apple has told us to expect something big."

Samsung India has issued an advisory linking payments to dealers to the
visibility of its branding on store fronts and inside. It asked retailers to
ensure its brand billboard is the first one above the shop entrance and only its
brands be displayed on store walls.

Industry executives said Samsung may offer the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge at a
cheaper rate than the Rs 50,000-plus launch price for last year's flagship
Galaxy S6. The company is looking at a price of about ' . 45,000 to compete with
the iPhone 6s that's currently selling at . 44,000-45,000. The Korean company
has advised deal' ers that any discounting will entail strict disciplinary
action, including blacklisting, since it does not want a price war on the new
models, industry executives said.

Apple distributors have started taking feedback from key trade partners in India
on the level of support that might be required to counter Samsung's new
launches.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             571 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                              March 4, 2016 Friday
                                Kolkata Edition

Samsung to Spend Rs 100 cr to Market Galaxy 7

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: THE ECONOMIC TIMES

LENGTH: 343 words


The fight between Samsung Electronics and Apple in India is set to intensify ,
with the Korean company planning to spend a record sum on marketing and
promotion for the new flagship Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge that will be unveiled next
week and its US rival drawing up a counter-strategy .

Samsung may invest about ' . 100 crore on marketing its latest smartphones,
which will be launched in India around March 8 and go on sale from the third
week of March at prices that could match Apple's iPhone 6s models. It has asked
dealers to ensure maximum mileage for the Samsung brand on shop floors, three
senior industry executives said.

To take on Samsung, Apple has told dealers that it will have additional consumer
promotion and is considering reducing prices on some models. The company has
lined up a counter-marketing budget of ' . 30-40 crore, the executives said.

"This is the first time Apple is reacting to a flagship

launch from Samsung in India, signifying how important the Indian market is
emerging for both the smartphone giants," said one executive. "While Samsung is
tightening the trade, Apple has told us to expect something big."

Samsung India has issued an advisory linking payments to dealers to the
visibility of its branding on store fronts and inside. It asked retailers to
ensure its brand billboard is the first one above the shop entrance and only its
brands be displayed on store walls.

Industry executives said Samsung may offer the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge at a
cheaper rate than the Rs 50,000-plus launch price for last year's flagship
Galaxy S6. The company is looking at a price of about ' . 45,000 to compete with
the iPhone 6s that's currently selling at . 44,000-45,000. The Korean company
has advised deal' ers that any discounting will entail strict disciplinary
action, including blacklisting, since it does not want a price war on the new
models, industry executives said.

Apple distributors have started taking feedback from key trade partners in India
on the level of support that might be required to counter Samsung's new
launches.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             572 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                              March 4, 2016 Friday
                                Kolkata Edition

Samsung to Spend Rs 100 cr to Market Galaxy 7

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: THE ECONOMIC TIMES

LENGTH: 343 words


The fight between Samsung Electronics and Apple in India is set to intensify ,
with the Korean company planning to spend a record sum on marketing and
promotion for the new flagship Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge that will be unveiled next
week and its US rival drawing up a counter-strategy .

Samsung may invest about ' . 100 crore on marketing its latest smartphones,
which will be launched in India around March 8 and go on sale from the third
week of March at prices that could match Apple's iPhone 6s models. It has asked
dealers to ensure maximum mileage for the Samsung brand on shop floors, three
senior industry executives said.

To take on Samsung, Apple has told dealers that it will have additional consumer
promotion and is considering reducing prices on some models. The company has
lined up a counter-marketing budget of ' . 30-40 crore, the executives said.

"This is the first time Apple is reacting to a flagship

launch from Samsung in India, signifying how important the Indian market is
emerging for both the smartphone giants," said one executive. "While Samsung is
tightening the trade, Apple has told us to expect something big."

Samsung India has issued an advisory linking payments to dealers to the
visibility of its branding on store fronts and inside. It asked retailers to
ensure its brand billboard is the first one above the shop entrance and only its
brands be displayed on store walls.

Industry executives said Samsung may offer the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge at a
cheaper rate than the Rs 50,000-plus launch price for last year's flagship
Galaxy S6. The company is looking at a price of about ' . 45,000 to compete with
the iPhone 6s that's currently selling at . 44,000-45,000. The Korean company
has advised deal' ers that any discounting will entail strict disciplinary
action, including blacklisting, since it does not want a price war on the new
models, industry executives said.

Apple distributors have started taking feedback from key trade partners in India
on the level of support that might be required to counter Samsung's new
launches.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             573 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

Samsung Galaxy S7 preorders exceed 10m in China

LENGTH: 192 words


Preorders for Samsung Electronics' latest flagship smartphone Galaxy S7 and its
Edge variant have exceeded the 10 million mark in China over the past week,
SamMobile, an online website specializing in Samsung news, said Thursday.

According to SamMobile China, the figure is expected to reach some 15 million on
Friday when the week-long preorder period ends.

Samsung Galaxy S7 (Yonhap)

Samsung started receiving preorders for its latest phones from March 11 through
eight retailers in China. JD.com, the nation's largest online retailer, sold
some 6.35 million phones over the past week, while orders from Suning exceeded
1.3 million.

Samsung is all-out efforts to elevate its device sales in China. Last year, the
company lost more market share as its sales ranking fell to the sixth last year.

Last year, its market share in the Chinese smartphone market was 7.7 percent,
outpaced by Chinese budget makers as well as Apple.

SamMobile said Tuesday that preorders for the latest Galaxy phones more than
doubled in the U.S. and Europe compared to those for its predecessor Galaxy S6.
The website didn't specify exact numbers.

By Lee Ji-yoon (jylee@heraldcorp.c

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             574 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                             July 28, 2016 Thursday

Samsung's mobile business drives Q2 earnings

BYLINE: By Lee Min-hyung

LENGTH: 514 words


Samsung Electronics reported operating profit of 8.14 trillion won ($7.23
billion) in the second quarter, up 18 percent from a year earlier, on solid
sales of its flagship handset Galaxy S7 and improved profitability in its
semiconductor business.

In its quarterly earnings report to the exchange, the company said its sales
were 50.94 trillion won, up 5 percent from a year earlier.

It is the first time in nine quarters that quarterly operating profit has topped
8 trillion won.

The robust earnings were largely in line with its previous estimate unveiled
earlier this month, proving that the company has successfully rebounded.

'Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge have driven up profits, with other mid- to low-tier
handset series, such as Galaxy A and Galaxy J, also contributing to our
quarterly earnings growth,' a Samsung Electronics official said.

The company's IT and mobile communication (IM) division accounted for the lion's
share of its overall profit during the April-June period. The mobile division
posted 4.32 trillion won in operating profit on sales of 26.6 trillion won.

Samsung's solid growth is in contrast to Apple's revenue decline. The iPhone
maker posted a 27 percent drop in net income in the three months to June 25.

'Demand for smartphones and tablets is expected to grow in the second half of
the year on seasonal factors, but increased marketing costs to take on
competitors will affect our third-quarter earnings to some extent,' the official
said.

The company also posted strong growth in its consumer electronics (CE) business,
with its divisional operating profit coming in at 1.03 trillion won. This is the
first time in seven years that the division has topped 1 trillion won in
quarterly operating profit since it posted 1.16 trillion won in the second
quarter in 2009.

'Our premium lineups - including super ultra-high-definition (SUHD) televisions
and Chef Collection refrigerators - have driven the robust sales growth for the
division,' the official said.

But a prolonged global economic slowdown and shrinking consumer sentiment might
dent demand in the rest of the year, officials said.

The company's semiconductor division posted modest growth. Its operating profit
was 2.64 trillion won, up 0.38 percent on the year-ago quarter but down 22.36
percent year-on-year.

The company said the quarter-on-quarter improvement came as growing demand for
mobile NAND flash memory chips helped offset falling DRAM chip prices. It
expects the semiconductor business to drive the firm's third-quarter profit, as
prices and demand for DRAM and NAND flash chips are on a stable recovery track.

In the first half of the year, the company had allocated 8.8 trillion won to
equipment investment for the semiconductor and display business.

'Our yearly investment plan on manufacturing facilities has yet to be decided,
but it will slightly exceed that of last year,' the official said.

The company said it will focus on expanding production capacity for organic
light-emitting-diode (OLED) panels for smartphones and solid state drive (SSD)
products based on 48-layer V-NAND technology.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             575 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                            October 25, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge reportedly explodes in US while on charge

LENGTH: 434 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Oct. 25 -- After the Note 7 fiasco, a Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge owner
in the US has claimed that the device which he received as a replacement for the
Note 7 exploded while charging.

According to the PhoneArena website, the person went to a popular US wireless
carrier's store with a damaged Samsung Galaxy S7 edge -- the highest-selling
device from the South Korean tech giant.

The customer claimed he received the unit two weeks ago after turning in his
replacement Note 7 smartphone (version 2 with the "safe" battery).

"According to the owner, it was charging overnight using the OEM (original
equipment manufacturer) charger," the report added.

Last month, a construction worker in Ohio sued Samsung after his Galaxy S7 edge
exploded.

"The victim suffered second and third degree burns and had to go through painful
skin grafts," PhoneArena reported.

Three US customers from different states -- Nevada, Pennsylvania, and California
- have already complained about the fire-prone Note 7 devices and may go for a
class-action lawsuit against Samsung.

The suit filed in the US District Court in Newark, New Jersey, accuses Samsung
Electronics America of fraud and breach of warranty and good faith, NBC News
reported.

In a setback to Samsung Electronics on Monday, 527 owners of Galaxy Note 7
smartphone in South Korea filed a class-action lawsuit against the company for
inconvenience experienced after the discontinuation of the device.

According to the Harvest Law Office here, the plaintiffs filed the case with the
Seoul Central District Court, seeking 500,000 won (US$440) in compensation each,
Yonhap news agency reported.

Ko Young-yeel, the attorney representing the plaintiffs, said the rights of the
consumers were infringed upon as Samsung halted production of the device and
asked them to get replacements for other models.

"The consumers were also deprived of their rights to get after-sales service,"
he said during a press conference held in front of the court. "(Samsung) should
compensate for the mental distress caused by such a situation," Young-yeel
added.

Earlier this month, Samsung permanently halted sales and production of the
fire-prone Note 7, about two months after the device's launch.

The South Korean firm estimated that it will lose $3 billion in operating
profits over the next six months due to the withdrawal of the Galaxy Note 7
smartphone; according to a news agency.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                             576 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                             June 21, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung to overhaul smartphone strategy for profits

BYLINE: By Kim Yoo-chul

LENGTH: 813 words


Consumers check features of the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge at the Galaxy S7
Experience Zone installed in Seoul Station in this file photo. / Korea Times
fileAmid collapse in handset profits, firm seeks new strategy for profitability

Samsung Electronics is pursuing a new strategy to maintain its place as a
competitive global cell phone maker and cope with a continued collapse in
profits in the sector.

'We have been seeking growth in terms of shipments for years. Samsung is
preparing for the post-smartphone era and that's why our handset unit has
identified profitability as a priority over growth,' an executive at Samsung
Electronics said.

The executive added the strategy shift doesn't mean Samsung will let its rivals
take over the company's market share.

'Samsung will keep the company-set share according to markets. We will launch
promotional campaigns if we have to. But the company will be unlikely to
initiate cash-intensive promotions to clear inventory and increase market
share,' he said.

Samsung is expected to maintain ship around 400 million smartphones based on the
revised business strategy.

The executive added that the company had notified investors of its new strategy.

The change is expected to boost the profit margin at the company's handset
division by up to 17 percent during the second quarter of this year from 15.8
percent a quarter earlier, though a Samsung spokesman declined to comment.

The rapid rise of budget Chinese smartphone vendors and consumers' lukewarm
response toward 'fancy features' were cited as 'key reasons' for Samsung to
change its mobile strategy, according to the executive.

Samsung plans to cut the number of budget models and is unlikely that the market
leader will follow Chinese competitors seeking increased share with aggressive
pricing strategies.

Fitch Ratings director Shelley Jang agreed with the executive as the global
credit ratings agency expects Samsung's handset margins to decline gradually to
high single-digits percentage over the long term due to increasing competition
and narrowing product differentiation as lower-cost competitors' handsets
improve.

'However, the positive impact from the launch of new flagship models _ Galaxy S7
and S7 Edge will lead to revenue growth and modest margin improvement in 2016,'
Jang said.

The Samsung executive said the strategy shift won't cost the company's handset
business too much given the firm's technology leadership, strong market position
and diversified business portfolio.

'We expect Samsung's financial position to remain intact over the next 12 to 18
months, backed by its robust cash generation,' said Fitch.

LG follows Samsung's steps

Samsung's chief local rival LG Electronics is following suit by scaling down the
number of staff members and tightening its marketing budget.

LG Electronics is expected to report an operating loss at its mobile division
led by the company's co-CEO Cho Juno for the second quarter of this year,
extending its losing streaks for the fourth straight quarter.

The number of workforce at LG's mobile division was cut to 7,321 by the end of
the first quarter of this year from 8,041 that it kept in the second quarter of
last year, LG said.

Because LG's global share was below 4 percent by the first quarter of 2016, LG
has no plans to significantly cut the shipment of its G-branded flagship models.

Rather, the firm is seeking to improve corporate margins by sending staff
members to the vehicle component (VC) business division.

During the same period, the number of its VC division rose to 3,625 from 2,635.

'The biggest difference between Samsung and LG is that Samsung Electronics has
realized the ¡®economies of a scale' in its handset business, meaning Samsung is
well-situated to seek profitability by making some changes. But LG Electronics
is nowhere to be seen. LG Electronics is in deep trouble, which is unlikely to
be addressed in the near future,' said an official who has recently moved to the
VC division.

LG released its first modular-type G5 in late March and the initial response to
the new G5 was impressive. But LG failed to continue the positive traction due
to tight supplies.

'LG Electronics may report a 100 billion won operating loss during the second
quarter and we expect LG to report 37 billion won and 18 billion won operating
losses in its handset business for the third and fourth quarter of this year,'
said Daishin Securities in a report.

According to CounterPoint Research, a market research firm, LG shipped 13
million smartphone units for the January-March period, a cut by 12.3 percent,
year-on-year. It is competing with Samsung, Apple and Huawei in the premium
segment.

'LG needs to overhaul its smartphone business from the starting point. Market
leaders plan to release new phones with a new form factor in late 2017, at the
earliest. This will put further pressure on LG,' said the local brokerage.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             577 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                            October 14, 2016 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Tech That

BYLINE: MATT GAULT

SECTION: WHAT WOMEN WANT;FEATURES; Pg. 51

LENGTH: 578 words


?Trying to think what to ask Santa or the missus for this Christmas? Here are
some of the latest goodies to come on the tech and gadget market.

? Power bank - Endure A2, £25 We all love our smartphones. The problem, though,
with being emotionally attached to them is that it eats up battery life.

We've all been there. Well, this accessory is a haven for people who are
hopelessly addicted to Snapchat. It's the real deal, too: performance, size and
capacity means that slipping this sleek device into your jeans pocket could be
the answer to your battery woes.

? Fitbit Charge HR, £119 Wearable tech is in right now, whether you like it or
not. The Fitbit Surge is the perfect gadget for performance-obsessed fitness
freaks, allowing you to track your progress, one run at a time. With a
comfortable watch-like clasp and a heart-rate monitor, this stylish gadget is
the only thing missing from your daily fitness routine.

? Fuji film Instax Share SP-1, £140 The 21st century: the death of the physical
photograph? Perhaps, but it doesn't have to be. With people glued to their
phones and sharing photos digitally over Facebook and Instagram, hard copies of
photographs have become something of a rarity.

However, the Fujifilm Instax Share SP-1 allows you to bypass using a traditional
printer and print Polaroid-style images directly from your phone.

? Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, £419-469 There's no two ways about it: the Galaxy S7
Edge is the best phone on the market. In terms of design, performance and
screen, the S7 Edge is unbeatable. Yes, the price is hefty - but this is a phone
you'll be itching to show off. Refined, sophisticated and highly desirable with
an ultra-powerful spec - this is the phone that is giving Apple manufacturers
sleepless nights.

n ? Nintendo NES Mini, £49.99 Retro gamers behold! Nintendo is bringing back the
NES - only more petite. With 30 games built-in, this delightful, nostalgic cube
connects to your TV via HDMI, while its controller mirrors the iconic design of
the rectangular NES gamepad. Built-in games include Donkey Kong, Super Mario
Bros and The Legend of Zelda. Games night sorted.

? Momentum 2.0 IEi Headphones, £78.95 Consider your quest to cancel out annoying
noise on public transport over. Sennheiser are heavyweights when it comes to
in-ear headphones and they live up to the billing here. They boast not only
crystal clear sound but a smartly designed earbud that adjusts the angle of
degrees they sit in your ear, meaning you can have them in for hours without
even noticing. Craftsmanship and comfort combined for the ultimate earphone.

? Playstation VR, £349.99 After two years of tantalising build-up and previews,
Sony's entry into virtual reality is finally here. While it may not be the most
affordable gadget on the market, this high-end, immersive experience is set to
take the gaming world by storm. With a comfortable headset, a thrilling
collection of games and an excellent interface, this is must-have for gamers and
tech freaks alike.

? Garmin fenix Chronos, £849.99 This latest watch from Garmin will see you from
the office to the mountain top whether you want to know what time it is or what
your heart rate is at any time of the day or night.

This smart timepiece has built in GPS and advanced fitness metrics so you can
track your recovery time after a workout. All that aside, it receives alerts
from your smartphone so you don't even need to worry about getting your phone
out in the middle of a workout.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Momentum 2.0 IEi HeadphonesFitbit Charge HRFujifilm Instax Share
SP-1Samsung Galaxy S7 EdgeNintendo NES MiniPower bank - Endure A2Garmin fenix
ChronosPlaystation VR

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BTT


                Copyright 2016 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             578 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Hartford Courant

                             August 21, 2016 Sunday
                               Statewide Edition

Rough Phones For The Adventurous

SECTION: SMARTER LIVING; D; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 398  words


Motorola Droid

Turbo 2

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The Motorola Droid Turbo 2 has a tough screen that won't crack. Plus,
it has top-tier performance, solid battery life and the ability to design your
own phone at Motorola's website.

The bad: The Turbo 2's camera lags behind the best you can buy, and the
shatterproof screen comes with some trade-offs. In the U.S., it's exclusive to
Verizon.

The cost: $487.90 to $649.99

The bottom line: The Verizon-exclusive Droid Turbo 2 delivers on its promise of
an uncrackable screen - and it's a great all-around Android phone, too.

Samsung Galaxy

S7 Active

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The Galaxy S7 Active has extra long battery life and is resistant to
dust, water and drops. It has the same speedy performance, expandable storage
and excellent camera quality as the original S7.

The bad: The bulky, plastic design feels cheap compared with the glass-and-metal
S7, and the phone is expensive.

The cost: $794.99 to $829.99

The bottom line: AT&T customers looking for a durable and high-end smartphone
can't go wrong with the Galaxy S7 Active.

Cat S60

CNET rating: 3.5 stars out of 5 (Very good)

The good: The Cat S60 features a built-in thermal imaging camera. It can
consistently survive 6-foot drops onto concrete and can take a 16-foot dunking
into water. It has an expandable microSD card slot and loud front-facing
speakers.

The bad: It's significantly thicker and heavier than other smartphones. The
thermal imaging feature while cool and fun, is mostly useless aside from some
specific cases.

The cost: $669.26

The bottom line: The Cat S60's durable build is impressive, but its appeal is
limited to those who can make good use of its built-in thermal imaging camera.

Sony Xperia Z5

CNET rating: 3.5 stars out of 5 (Very good)

The good: The Sony Xperia Z5 looks good, has plenty of power, its camera can
take some great snaps, and it won't die when you spill your drink on it.

The bad: Only minor updates from its predecessor means it lacks the excitement
of its rivals. Its waterproofing no longer allows for full submersion, meaning
it can't be used for underwater photography.

The cost: $399.99 (refurbished) to $450.00

The bottom line: Even with strong specs befitting a high-end phone, the Sony
Xperia Z5 adds little over its predecessor to make it an exciting option over
rivals like the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             579 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             April 26, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung Galaxy Note 6 with 6GB RAM: 10 things to expect

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 408 words


NEW DELHI: After the launch of the flagship Galaxy S7 last month, Samsung will
reportedly unveil its Galaxy Note 6 phablet in July. The sixth generation might
arrive in two versions- flat screen and curved screen, according to a. The
curved screen Galaxy Note 6 can be introduced as the successor of Galaxy S6
Edge+. However, both the version will feature a 5.8-inch QHD display, as per the
report.Here are 10 things you can expect from the next Galaxy Note from
Samsung.1) IP 68 dust and water-resistant- After the, nothing stops Samsung from
adding IP 68 dust and waterproofing to the upcoming Note 6. As the Note 6 will
be priced higher than the Galaxy S7 series, Samsung might face a tough time in
justifying the non-existence of it.2) Exynos and Snapdragon versions: Following
the trend, Samsung is expected to launch two version of the Note 6. One will be
powered by a Exynos processor while the other will reportedly run Snapdragon 823
SoC. Samsung will most likely launch the Exynos version in India.3) Massive 6GB
RAM: Samsung might follow its Chinese competitors like Meizu and Vivo and add a
massive 6GB RAM to the Note 6.4) MicroSD card slot: The Note 6 might offer 32GB
internal storage along with a microSD card slot, similar to the S7 series.5)
Android N: Samsung will reportedly launch Note 6 with the nextoperating system
out of the box.

Android N will be rolled by Google on May 18 at Google I/O. The Note 6 might be
among the first batch of smartphone to run the latest OS.6) Improved stylus:
Samsung has always improved its stylus with every Note launch. The company had
introduced an innovative pen-like. Also, the stylus could be used even without
unlocking the device. In the upcoming Note 6, people can expect something new in
the stylus department as well.7) Fingerprint scanner: It goes without saying
that Samsung will include a fingerprint sensor in the Note 6.8) Bigger battery:
Several reports state that the Note 6 will pack a bigger battery along with new
power saving features. The Note 6 is rumoured to come with a 4,000mAh battery.9)
No USB Type-C: The Note 6 will obviously include wireless and fast charging
support. But the smartphone will not come with a USB Type-C port for sure, as
Samsung would not be interested in withdrawing Gear VR support.10) Glass and
metal body: Samsung will most likely continue with its 'Glass and metal' design
philosophy for its Note 6 as well.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             580 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            March 16, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung is working on iPhone SE rival

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 209 words


is reportedly already working on rival to Apple's upcoming 4-inch iPhone.
According to reports, quoting sources in Taiwan, Samsung is planning to launch
Galaxy S7 mini to take on iPhone 4SE (Apple's rumoured 4-inch phone.)S7 mini is
speculated to have a 4.6-inch display with 720x1280 resolution and run on
Snapdragon 820 or the Exynos 8890 chipset (same chipsets as found in the
company's current flagship Galaxy S7 and S7 edge.)mini is also rumoured to
contain 3GB of RAM and come with a 12MP rear camera with 3X optical zoom.

Incidentally, this will not be the first time thatwill be launching a 'Mini'
handset. In the past too the company has launched 'Mini' handsets, with S5 Mini
being the last one. Last week,sent out media invites for a product launch
scheduled for March 21. The rumoured small-screen iPhone is said to look the
same as, but in a smaller frame, and is powered by the current flagship's A9
chipset. It will also support features like Apple Pay and Live Photos but not 3D
Touch, which will remain exclusive to iPhone 6S and 6S Plus for now.With iPhone
sales now starting to plateau, analysts say Apple could spark additional demand
by offering an updated 4-inch iPhone alongside the bigger models.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             581 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

4G smartphones supporting Reliance Jio: Check out the full list

LENGTH: 761  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 2 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Reliance Industries Chairman and MD Mukesh Ambani on Thursday unveiled a
gamechanging mobile tariff plan that will give other telecom players sleepless
nights, even nightmares.
 Reliance Jio offers free unlimited voice calls, both local and STD along with
1GB of 4G data for just Rs 50; other telecom players offer 1GB of 3G/4G data at
minimum rate of Rs 250.


 MUST READ
 Reliance Jio announces free voice calls, cheaper data tariffs
 Hitting up the competition further, Reliance Jio has collaborated with at least
18 mobile company brands to offer their 4G SIM and services.
 Here is the complete list of mobile brands and their devices that will support
Reliance Jio 4G SIM and services.
 SAMSUNG PHONES
 Grand Prime 4G, Galaxy J1, Galaxy J2, Galaxy J7, Galaxy J5, Galaxy S5 Plus,
Galaxy A5, Galaxy A7, Galaxy Core Prime 4G, Galaxy S6, Galaxy J3 (2016), ON7,
Galaxy A8, Galaxy S6 Edge, ON5, Galaxy Note 5, Galaxy Note 4, Galaxy Alpha,
Galaxy S6 Edge Plus, Galaxy Note 4 Edge, Galaxy Note 5 Duos, Galaxy S5 Neo, S7,
Galaxy A5 (2016), Galaxy A7 (2016), S7 Edge, A8 VE, J5 (2016), J7 (2016), ON5
Pro, ON7 Pro, Galaxy J2 (2016), J Max, Galaxy A9, Galaxy A9 Pro, Galaxy C5,
Galaxy C7, Galaxy J2 Pro, Galaxy Note 7.
 MICROMAX PHONES
 Bolt Selfie, Canvas 5, Canvas 5 Lite, Canvas 5 Lite Special Edition, Canvas 6,
Canvas 6 Pro, Canvas Amaze 4G, Canvas Blaze 4G, Canvas Blaze 4G Plus, Canvas
Evok, Canvas Fire 4G, Canvas Fire 4G plus, Canvas Fire 6, Canvas Juice 4G,
Canvas Knight 2, Canvas Mega 2, Canvas Mega 4G, Canvas Nitro 4G, Canvas Pace 4G,
Canvas Play 4G, Canvas Pulse 4G, Canvas Sliver 5, Canvas Tab, Canvas Unite 4,
Canvas Xpress 4G, Unite 4 Plus, Unite 4 Pro
 ASUS PHONES
 ZenFone 2 Laser (ZE550KL), Zenfone 2 (ZE551ML), Zenfone Max (ZC550KL), Zenfone
2 Laser 5.0 (ZE500KL), Zenfone 2 (ZE550ML), Zenfone Selfie( ZD551KL), Zenfone 2
Laser (ZE601KL), Zenfone Zoom(ZX551ML), Zenfone Go 5.0 LTE (T500), Zenfone 3
ZE552KL, Zenfone 3 Laser( ZC551KL), Zenfone 3( ZE520KL), Zenfone 3( ZS570KL),
Zenfone 3( ZU680KL)
 MUST READ
 Reliance Jio's low data tariff, zero voice rate raises profitability issue
 HTC SMARTPHONES
 Desire 626 dual SIM, Desire 628, Desire 630, Desire 728 Dual SIM, Desire 820,
Desire 820Q, Desire 820S Dual SIM, Desire 825, Desire 826, Desire 826 DS, Desire
828 DS, Desire 830, Desire Eye, HTC 10, HTC 10 Life style, One A9, One E9 S dual
SIM, One E9+ Dual SIM, One M8, One M8 Eye, One M9 Plus, One M9e, One ME Dual
SIM, One X9
 PANASONIC PHONES
 ELUGA L, ELUGA Switch, ELUGA Icon, T45, ELUGA I2 ( 1GB ), ELUGA L2, ELUGA Mark,
ELUGA Turbo, ELUGA Arc, ELUGA I2 2GB, ELUGA I2 3GB, ELUGA I3, ELUGA Icon 2,
ELUGA A2, ELUGA Note, P55 Novo 4G, ELUGA Arc 2, P77
 INTEX SMARTPHONES
 Aqua 4G, Aqua 4G Star, Aqua 4G Strong, Aqua 4G+, Aqua Ace, Aqua Ace 2, Aqua Ace
Mini, Aqua Craze, Aqua Eco 4G, Aqua GenX, Aqua Music, Aqua Power 4G, Aqua Raze,
Aqua S7, Aqua Secure, Aqua Shine 4G, Aqua Strong 5.1, Aqua Super, Aqua Trend,
Aqua Turbo 4G, Aqua View, Aqua Wing, Cloud 4G Smart, Cloud 4G Star, Cloud
Crystal 2.5D, Cloud Fame 4G, Cloud Flash, Cloud Glory 4G, Cloud Jewel, Cloud
String HD, Cloud String V2.0, Cloud Swift
 MUST READ
 Reliance Jio users will never pay for domestic voice calls
 LG PHONES
 K332 (K7 LTE), K520DY (Stylus 2), K520DY, H860 (LG G5), K500I (X Screen), K535D
(Stylus 2 Plus), LGH630D (G4 Stylus 4G) & LGH 442 (LGC70 Spirit LTE)
 YU PHONES
 Yu Yureka, Yu Yutopia, YU Note, Yu Yuphoria, Yunicorn, Yunique, Yuphoria,
Yureka Plus, Yureka S
 GIONEE PHONES
 E8, F103 Pro, F103(1GB), F103(2GB), F103(3GB), M4, M5, M5 Lite, M5 Lite CDMA,
M5 Plus, P5L, S Plus, S6, S6s, S7, V6L
 KARBONN PHONES
 Aura 1, Aura Power, Quattro L45 IPS, Quattro L50 HD, Quattro L51 HD, Quattro
L52 VR, Quattro L55 HD
 LAVA PHONES
 MUST READ
 Reliance Jio officially launched: 10 attractive things you can't miss
 A71, A72, A76, A76 Plus, A88, A89, A97, Ivory s 4g, Lava V5 M, Pixel V2, V2s,
X10, X11, X12, X17, X28, X38, X41, X41 Plus, X46, X50, X50 Plus, X81
 XOLO PHONES
 Black-1X M, era 1X, era 2X, era 4G, era 4K, era X
 TCL PHONES
 FIT 5.5, Pride T500L, TCL 560, TCL 562
 ALCATEL PHONES
 OneTouch X1, Pixi 4 -5, POP Star, POP3, POP4
 SONY PHONES
 Xperia X A, Xperia X A Ultra, Xperia X(F5122), Xperia Z5 Dual(E6883), Xperia Z5
Premium Dual
 VIDEOCON PHONES
 Graphite1 V45ED, Krypton 3 V50JG, Q1, V50FA3, V50FG6
 SANSUI
 S50 FD45S
 VIVO SMARTPHONES
 vivo V3, vivo V3Max, vivo Y21L, vivo Y51L
 However, if you do not have one of these smartphones, there is no need to
worry. As per reports, those with 4G smartphones can be beta tester for Reliance
Jio and avail the SIM card.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             582 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                             March 21, 2016 Monday

Sharper, snappier S7 makes a splash

SECTION: /EDITORIAL/CONTENT/FEATURES/LIFE; Digital Life.pgl; Pg.6

LENGTH: 290 words


When the white Galaxy S7 test unit landed on my desk, I thought it was the
iPhone 6. To the naked eye, the build and shape look so similarto the Apple that
if not for Samsung's rectangular home button, I'd say the two units were
identical. Samsung has even adopted the same SIM card slot that you need a
removal tool (paper clip) to open.

But that is probably where the similarities end. The just-released S7 is
actually slightly larger in size (142.4mm x 69.6mm x 7.9mm) and with a sturdy
housing made of toughened glass and metal weighs in at 152 grams. It feels
fantastic in the hand.

Its specifications are similar to those of the S7 Edge (reviewed above), but we
did put its camera, waterproof claim and battery tothe test.

I have never liked the Samsung phone camera as it produces, in my opinion,
oversaturated images with exaggerated vibrancy. The S7 camera seems to have
corrected that, with colours looking more natural, but the most impressive of
all is its ability to take excellent photos in low-light conditions. You can do
so much with the camera (finally a hyperlapse option), and that alone can keep
you entertained for hours.

The only drawback - and I am not sure whether it was just my test unit - is that
on one occasion, after I took a few snaps, the camera started to make strange
crackling noises and I had to quit the application. But that happened only once
during the week I used the phone.

Regarding battery power, one charge lasts several days with mild usage: camera,
internet surfing with no gaming.

And finally we put the phone under a running tap before submerging it in a
container and Ziploc bag full of water. It passed both these tests with flying
colours. Kevin Kwong

Samsung Galaxy S7(32GB dual SIM), HK$5,198

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             583 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            March 10, 2016 Thursday

Samsung mobile chief confident of Galaxy success

LENGTH: 463 words


Samsung Electronics' mobile chief on Thursday showed confidence in sales of the
company's latest flagship smartphone Galaxy S7 and its Edge variant, saying the
phones will exceed their predecessors.

After a week-long preorder period, the latest Galaxy phones will go on sale
globally from Friday.

Samsung's mobile chief Koh Dong-jin poses with the Galaxy S7 and its Edge
variant phones at a press conference in Seoul on Thursday. (Samsung Electronics)

"There are positive reviews about the new phones overseas, but it is crucial for
us to win recognition from Korean consumers," said Koh Dong-jin, president of
Samsung's mobile business division, at a press conference in Seoul.

Koh, a veteran engineer who has been involved in the Galaxy series development
from the beginning, was promoted to lead the whole mobile business division in
December.

He denied that the preorders didn't meet expectations, saying: "We made all-out
efforts to develop the S7 and it will exceed its predecessor S6 in sales." He
declined to specify the numbers, including the sales target.

Despite praise for its upgraded features and design, the S6 suffered lukewarm
sales, negatively affecting Samsung's overall profitability. Especially, the
Edge model with a curved screen experienced supply constraints in the early
days.

The latest S7 comes up with new features, such as water resistance and a
separate memory card slot, previously popular features that had been missing for
years. The battery is still not removable, but boasts higher capacity than
before.

Among other things, the company has poured considerable resources into improving
camera functions to the level of DSLR cameras, it said.

Based on its own dual pixel technology, each of the 12 million pixels have two
photodiodes that collect light. The photodiodes work better, like human eyes,
allowing a speedier autofocus and clear photos even in low light situations.

Koh admitted the company was struggling in the all-important Chinese market
where the company's market share continued to fall due to fiercer competition
from Apple's iPhones and budget phones from Chinese rivals.

"I have had several meetings with Chinese telecom carriers and retailers
recently. I'm cautious to talk about the outlook for now, but I'm pretty
confident that they are ready to better appeal to consumers and sell more
phones," he said.

In a move to appeal to consumers, Samsung has lowered device prices, making the
latest phones the cheapest-ever Galaxy models. The prices start at 836,000 won
($695) for the basic 32-gigabyte model here.

The company will also launch a new phone upgrade program, called Galaxy Club, in
Korea and other markets in phases. The program allows subscribers who pay a
monthly fee to switch to a new phone every 12 months.

By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             584 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

Fast tech

SECTION: Pg. S1/8

LENGTH: 272 words


HUAWEI MATE 8

Huawei Philippines will be rolling out on March 6 what it claims to be the
"fastest phone on Earth" - the Huawei Mate 8.

The Mate 8 is the first to run Huawei's propietary octa-core Kirin 950 chipset,
which Huawei says is more powerful than the Kirin 925 in terms of CPU power, GPU
performance and power efficiency.

It has a 6-inch screen and boasts a massive 4,000 mAh battery with a rapid
charging technology that Huawei claims to be 105% faster than the Apple iPhone
6S Plus. Priced at P32,990.

<http://goo.gl/wO0it5>

SAMSUNG S7 AND S7 EDGE

Samsung has finally unveiled its latest flagship devices - Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge
- and the smartphone giant didn't disappoint.

Samsung said it has "learned to listen" to the market's feedback on what could
have made the Galaxy S6 a truly great smartphone. So Samsung hopes its followers
will have nothing to complain about with these improvements: expandable storage
(up to 200GB), 4x faster processor than S6, 41% more battery juice, better
camera (with "DSLR-like" specs) and a waterproof aluminum body.

<http://goo.gl/1G0U9w>

OPPO F1

Oppo Philippines is banking on the growing trend of `selfie'-specific phones
with the launch of the Oppo F1.

Oppo Philippines' Operations Manager Garrick Hung said, without disclosing exact
figures, that the company has enjoyed "double growth" in 2015, thanks to
increased sales in its camera-centric smartphones such as the Oppo R7.

As a `selfie' phone, Oppo equipped the F1's 8-megapixel front camera with an
84-degree-wide angle camera lens with f/2 aperture. It also features camera
filters designed for selfies. Price: P11,990.

<http://goo.gl/zr07gO>

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             585 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                      February 1, 2016 Monday 3:39 PM GMT

Samsung Galaxy S7 to be unveiled at 'Unpacked' event on 21 February;
Just like the Galaxy S6, the S7 will be unveiled just ahead of this year's
Mobile World Congress

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 242 words


Samsung appears to have revealed the announcement date for its new smartphone,
the Galaxy S7.

The company has sent out invitations to an announcement event called 'Unpacked',
which is due to take place on 21 February in Barcelona.

Just like they did last year, Samsung will be unveiling the S7 just ahead of the
Mobile World Congress, which this year runs from 22 to 25 February in the
Catalan capital.

As well as sending 'Unpacked' invites out to the press, Samsung posted a teaser
video to its YouTube channel in the early hours of 1 February, which shows a
mysterious black box and a man putting on a Gear VR headset, possibly suggesting
there could be a VR-related announcement at the event as well.

The unveiling of the new phone will naturally take centre stage, but some
additional new details about VR would make fans even happier.

The event takes place on Sunday 21 February, and begins at 6PM GMT. The whole
event will be streamed live from the Barcelona International Convention Centre
on Samsung's YouTube channel and press site.

We haven't got an official glance at the S7 yet, but all rumours suggest it'll
look fairly similar to the S6. A few upgrades to the internals are likely to
include a MicroSD slot, IP67 water and dust-proofing, and a beefed up battery
and processor to keep it running smoothly.

It'll also likely come in the regular, Edge and Edge+ models that we first saw
with the S6.

Independent

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             586 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday
                               HeraldSun Edition

A winning edge

BYLINE: Jennifer Dudley-Nicholson

SECTION: SWITCHEDON; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 586  words


The S7 Edge will keep Samsung ahead of the pack, writes Jennifer
Dudley-Nicholson

GALAXY S7 EDGE SAMSUNG *****

If you spill water on this phone, drop it in the sink, rinse it under a tap,
dunk it in a pool, or just watch its screen glow underwater. Rest assured we've
already done that.

And the phone survived.

Samsung not only brings back water resistance in the Galaxy S7 Edge but improves
it. What's more, it does so just as owners of the last water-loving Samsung
phone emerge, Ursula Andress-style, from their two-year contracts.

It isn't the only thing to appreciate about this seriously smart update,
however. Samsung has laid out some compelling reasons why Galaxy users should
reinvest and Apple iPhone users should reconsider their allegiances.

WATER, BABY If you sully this IP68 phone with pizza fingers, you can simply
rinse it clean under a tap. It will survive in up to 1.5m of water (up from 1m
in the Galaxy S5) and you don't need to plug its ports to protect it as they are
protected by internal rubber seals.

And, given it will survive being submerged for 30 minutes, you have time to
fetch gloves before retrieving it from the toilet.

THE MORE-WITH-LESS CAMERA Controversially, the resolution of the GS7 Edge camera
has shrunk from 16 to 12 megapixels. It's genuinely surprising, then, just how
much better it is.

Side by side, it is brighter, focuses closer and faster than the Apple iPhone 6S
camera.

It's better in low light, better at tracking focus, and it offers a more
accurate white balance, darker blacks, and better contrast than before.

At the heart of this improvement is the largest phone camera aperture available
(at f1.7) larger pixels (at 1.44 microns) and a new style of autofocus called
Dual Pixel that is more commonly seen in DSLR cameras.

There is a trade-off, however. It only captures full-resolution photos in 4:3
format, and users must drop down to 9.1 megapixels to fill the phone's entire
screen.

BATTERY After a day of normal use, we still had 70 per cent battery power by
7pm. This phone is slightly thicker and heavier than the last model, but the
trade-off is a 3600mAh battery that is 38 per cent bigger than its predecessor
and 30 per cent bigger than an iPhone 6S Plus.

OTHER FEATURES Expandable memory is back in this phone, and you can add a
MicroSD card up to 200GB in size, plus its curved screen edge now delivers two
rows of app shortcuts, and other options such as a news feed, tasks, and
location-based shortcuts.

The GS7 Edge uses a faster octa-core chip and 4GB RAM to keep Android
Marshmallow rolling, and it supports LTE Category 9 that offers up to 450
megabit download speeds.

It also offers an Always On Display that shows a clock on its otherwise blank
screen, as well as wireless charging, a water-cooling system to make the most of
mobile gameplay, and it can be used with upcoming wireless payment services.

It does not, however, bring back the infra-red blasting, TV control of the GS5
and to get the curved screen, you must invest in 5.5-inch Edge model rather than
the 5.1-inch GS7.

VERDICT From its strange love of water to its fast-focusing camera, there are
plenty of reasons to switch to Samsung's latest smartphone.

Bringing back water resistance and expandable memory should appease Samsung GS5
loyalists, while other smartphone users could be swayed by its low light-loving,
phase-detection camera that treats darkness like an old friend.

This is one of the smartest smartphone updates and one that will give Apple
plenty to ponder.$1249 / SAMSUNG.COM/AU

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald Sun


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             587 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                              May 24, 2016 Tuesday

To halt smartphone slide, Samsung rewrites playbook

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 979 words


S7 camera, line-up cull among the tough decisions

Reuters

SEOUL

From the way it chooses smartphone components to the models it brings to market,
Samsung Electronics has undergone a painful process of breaking from its past to
reverse a slide in its handset business.

For example, the world's largest smartphone maker agonised over camera specs for
its flagship Galaxy S7 until the last moment â[#x20ac]" ultimately defying
industry convention by opting for fewer pixels in exchange for improved
autofocus features and low-light performance, a move that contributed to early
success.

It also pared back its product line-up, overcoming internal resistance, enabling
it to streamline production, an executive said.

The handset business has now stabilised, and had its best profit in nearly two
years in January-March, though historically low smartphone industry growth still
leaves Samsung looking for the "next big thing".

"We've now gotten to a point where we can secure a baseline profit even if the
market stagnates, so long as we don't make a bad mistake," said Kim Gae-youn,
vice president in charge of Samsung's smartphone product planning. "I'm
confident we can hold our ground."

After peaking in 2013, a sharp drop in mobile profits exposed Samsung as slow to
adjust to the changing market: its budget devices were overpriced and
unappealing versus Chinese offerings, and the 2014 version of its Galaxy S
flopped.

That prompted a cull among executives and stoked investor worries Samsung might
not be able to recover as rivals including Apple and China's Huawei Technologies
and Xiaomi gained market share at its expense.

There was no sweeping, across-the-board fix. Rather, Samsung embarked two years
ago on an overhaul that included a shift from a phone-for-all-needs approach
towards a line-up that emphasised economies of scale.

It revamped design, using metal frames and curved screens, and gave high-end
features such as organic light-emitting diode (OLED) screens to its low- and
mid-tier products.

As Samsung prepared to launch its Galaxy S7 phones this year, executives went
back and forth over whether to use a 12-megapixel rear camera that shoots better
in the dark and has improved auto focus, or stay with a 16-megapixel count. At
the last moment, they opted for 12-megapixels â[#x20ac]" a rare step down in an
industry fixated on higher numbers. This meant a change in approach for a
company known to tout the highest specs for its flagship products, and
executives required convincing, Kim said. They were swayed by data showing
consumers want more than just a high pixel count.

"In the past, based on our past decision-making process, we never would have
gone back," Kim said in an interview at Samsung's headquarters campus in Suwon,
south of Seoul.

The move worked. More than half of US S7 buyers surveyed cited camera quality as
a key selling point, compared with a third of all smartphone buyers in the first
quarter, according to Kantar US Insights.

The same mindset shift gave Samsung confidence to release a Galaxy 7 series that
looks similar to its predecessor. This incremental upgrade drew initial
scepticism, but the S7 phones have beaten expectations and could set a new
first-year sales record for the South Korean firm.

Samsung must still convince investors its recent improvement is sustainable, and
that innovative products are in the works to grow revenue. Some attribute its
rebound partly to Apple's weaker performance, and cost-cutting.

"I think they will try to imbue the Note [phone] with a more transformative
change such as new technology under the new leadership, than the fine-tuning we
saw with the Galaxy S7," said Kim Hyun-su, a fund manager with IBK Investment &
Securities, which holds Samsung shares.

Long-time mobile chief JK Shin ceded day-to-day management in December when
Dongjin Koh became president of the handset unit in the biggest leadership
change to date under the conglomerate's heir-apparent Jay Y Lee.

Samsung's operating profit is expected to be flat this year and grow just 3 per
cent next year, according to 43 analysts polled by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.

Slimming down its product portfolio was another departure from the past, when
Samsung launched variations to soak up as much demand as possible. As market
growth stalled, that approach was no longer cost effective.

It phased out unpopular models and created common platforms,with more phones
using the same parts. Researcher Counterpointsays Samsung has shed close to a
third of its product portfolio.

That move also had to overcome internal resistance.

"If you're in the trenches, you want to have a machine gun,a grenade, a mine on
hand," Kim said. "There are also differentneeds depending on individual markets,
so regional sales staffnaturally can't be happy when the company moves to
rationalizeand restructure from a global structure. The transition processis
painful."

The product cull paid off; the revamped models helpedSamsung recover in big
markets such as India. "There was afeeling the sheer number of phones in the
market was confusingfor customers," said a Samsung India executive, declining to
beidentified as he was not authorised to speak with the media.

Despite a solid first quarter, analysts remain cautiousabout Samsung's outlook,
with researcher Gartner predictingglobal smartphone sales growth will slow to 7
percent this year.

Samsung has also yet to recover in China, the world's topsmartphone market,
where it ranks sixth with 7 percent marketshare, according to Strategy
Analytics, well behind local rivalssuch as Huawei, Xiaomi and OPPO.

Samsung's Kim says his focus now is on premium-endsmartphones â[#x20ac]" those
costing $600 and above â[#x20ac]" where not allindustry players have the muscle
to compete.

"There's still room for growth in the market," he said."This segment wants
innovation, which has turned it into an areathat requires huge capital equipment
investments."

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             588 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                              May 24, 2016 Tuesday

To halt smartphone slide, Samsung rewrites playbook

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 979 words


S7 camera, line-up cull among the tough decisions

Reuters

SEOUL

From the way it chooses smartphone components to the models it brings to market,
Samsung Electronics has undergone a painful process of breaking from its past to
reverse a slide in its handset business.

For example, the world's largest smartphone maker agonised over camera specs for
its flagship Galaxy S7 until the last moment â[#x20ac]" ultimately defying
industry convention by opting for fewer pixels in exchange for improved
autofocus features and low-light performance, a move that contributed to early
success.

It also pared back its product line-up, overcoming internal resistance, enabling
it to streamline production, an executive said.

The handset business has now stabilised, and had its best profit in nearly two
years in January-March, though historically low smartphone industry growth still
leaves Samsung looking for the "next big thing".

"We've now gotten to a point where we can secure a baseline profit even if the
market stagnates, so long as we don't make a bad mistake," said Kim Gae-youn,
vice president in charge of Samsung's smartphone product planning. "I'm
confident we can hold our ground."

After peaking in 2013, a sharp drop in mobile profits exposed Samsung as slow to
adjust to the changing market: its budget devices were overpriced and
unappealing versus Chinese offerings, and the 2014 version of its Galaxy S
flopped.

That prompted a cull among executives and stoked investor worries Samsung might
not be able to recover as rivals including Apple and China's Huawei Technologies
and Xiaomi gained market share at its expense.

There was no sweeping, across-the-board fix. Rather, Samsung embarked two years
ago on an overhaul that included a shift from a phone-for-all-needs approach
towards a line-up that emphasised economies of scale.

It revamped design, using metal frames and curved screens, and gave high-end
features such as organic light-emitting diode (OLED) screens to its low- and
mid-tier products.

As Samsung prepared to launch its Galaxy S7 phones this year, executives went
back and forth over whether to use a 12-megapixel rear camera that shoots better
in the dark and has improved auto focus, or stay with a 16-megapixel count. At
the last moment, they opted for 12-megapixels â[#x20ac]" a rare step down in an
industry fixated on higher numbers. This meant a change in approach for a
company known to tout the highest specs for its flagship products, and
executives required convincing, Kim said. They were swayed by data showing
consumers want more than just a high pixel count.

"In the past, based on our past decision-making process, we never would have
gone back," Kim said in an interview at Samsung's headquarters campus in Suwon,
south of Seoul.

The move worked. More than half of US S7 buyers surveyed cited camera quality as
a key selling point, compared with a third of all smartphone buyers in the first
quarter, according to Kantar US Insights.

The same mindset shift gave Samsung confidence to release a Galaxy 7 series that
looks similar to its predecessor. This incremental upgrade drew initial
scepticism, but the S7 phones have beaten expectations and could set a new
first-year sales record for the South Korean firm.

Samsung must still convince investors its recent improvement is sustainable, and
that innovative products are in the works to grow revenue. Some attribute its
rebound partly to Apple's weaker performance, and cost-cutting.

"I think they will try to imbue the Note [phone] with a more transformative
change such as new technology under the new leadership, than the fine-tuning we
saw with the Galaxy S7," said Kim Hyun-su, a fund manager with IBK Investment &
Securities, which holds Samsung shares.

Long-time mobile chief JK Shin ceded day-to-day management in December when
Dongjin Koh became president of the handset unit in the biggest leadership
change to date under the conglomerate's heir-apparent Jay Y Lee.

Samsung's operating profit is expected to be flat this year and grow just 3 per
cent next year, according to 43 analysts polled by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.

Slimming down its product portfolio was another departure from the past, when
Samsung launched variations to soak up as much demand as possible. As market
growth stalled, that approach was no longer cost effective.

It phased out unpopular models and created common platforms,with more phones
using the same parts. Researcher Counterpointsays Samsung has shed close to a
third of its product portfolio.

That move also had to overcome internal resistance.

"If you're in the trenches, you want to have a machine gun,a grenade, a mine on
hand," Kim said. "There are also differentneeds depending on individual markets,
so regional sales staffnaturally can't be happy when the company moves to
rationalizeand restructure from a global structure. The transition processis
painful."

The product cull paid off; the revamped models helpedSamsung recover in big
markets such as India. "There was afeeling the sheer number of phones in the
market was confusingfor customers," said a Samsung India executive, declining to
beidentified as he was not authorised to speak with the media.

Despite a solid first quarter, analysts remain cautiousabout Samsung's outlook,
with researcher Gartner predictingglobal smartphone sales growth will slow to 7
percent this year.

Samsung has also yet to recover in China, the world's topsmartphone market,
where it ranks sixth with 7 percent marketshare, according to Strategy
Analytics, well behind local rivalssuch as Huawei, Xiaomi and OPPO.

Samsung's Kim says his focus now is on premium-endsmartphones â[#x20ac]" those
costing $600 and above â[#x20ac]" where not allindustry players have the muscle
to compete.

"There's still room for growth in the market," he said."This segment wants
innovation, which has turned it into an areathat requires huge capital equipment
investments."

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             589 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                              May 24, 2016 Tuesday

To halt smartphone slide, Samsung rewrites playbook

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 979 words


S7 camera, line-up cull among the tough decisions

Reuters

SEOUL

From the way it chooses smartphone components to the models it brings to market,
Samsung Electronics has undergone a painful process of breaking from its past to
reverse a slide in its handset business.

For example, the world's largest smartphone maker agonised over camera specs for
its flagship Galaxy S7 until the last moment â[#x20ac]" ultimately defying
industry convention by opting for fewer pixels in exchange for improved
autofocus features and low-light performance, a move that contributed to early
success.

It also pared back its product line-up, overcoming internal resistance, enabling
it to streamline production, an executive said.

The handset business has now stabilised, and had its best profit in nearly two
years in January-March, though historically low smartphone industry growth still
leaves Samsung looking for the "next big thing".

"We've now gotten to a point where we can secure a baseline profit even if the
market stagnates, so long as we don't make a bad mistake," said Kim Gae-youn,
vice president in charge of Samsung's smartphone product planning. "I'm
confident we can hold our ground."

After peaking in 2013, a sharp drop in mobile profits exposed Samsung as slow to
adjust to the changing market: its budget devices were overpriced and
unappealing versus Chinese offerings, and the 2014 version of its Galaxy S
flopped.

That prompted a cull among executives and stoked investor worries Samsung might
not be able to recover as rivals including Apple and China's Huawei Technologies
and Xiaomi gained market share at its expense.

There was no sweeping, across-the-board fix. Rather, Samsung embarked two years
ago on an overhaul that included a shift from a phone-for-all-needs approach
towards a line-up that emphasised economies of scale.

It revamped design, using metal frames and curved screens, and gave high-end
features such as organic light-emitting diode (OLED) screens to its low- and
mid-tier products.

As Samsung prepared to launch its Galaxy S7 phones this year, executives went
back and forth over whether to use a 12-megapixel rear camera that shoots better
in the dark and has improved auto focus, or stay with a 16-megapixel count. At
the last moment, they opted for 12-megapixels â[#x20ac]" a rare step down in an
industry fixated on higher numbers. This meant a change in approach for a
company known to tout the highest specs for its flagship products, and
executives required convincing, Kim said. They were swayed by data showing
consumers want more than just a high pixel count.

"In the past, based on our past decision-making process, we never would have
gone back," Kim said in an interview at Samsung's headquarters campus in Suwon,
south of Seoul.

The move worked. More than half of US S7 buyers surveyed cited camera quality as
a key selling point, compared with a third of all smartphone buyers in the first
quarter, according to Kantar US Insights.

The same mindset shift gave Samsung confidence to release a Galaxy 7 series that
looks similar to its predecessor. This incremental upgrade drew initial
scepticism, but the S7 phones have beaten expectations and could set a new
first-year sales record for the South Korean firm.

Samsung must still convince investors its recent improvement is sustainable, and
that innovative products are in the works to grow revenue. Some attribute its
rebound partly to Apple's weaker performance, and cost-cutting.

"I think they will try to imbue the Note [phone] with a more transformative
change such as new technology under the new leadership, than the fine-tuning we
saw with the Galaxy S7," said Kim Hyun-su, a fund manager with IBK Investment &
Securities, which holds Samsung shares.

Long-time mobile chief JK Shin ceded day-to-day management in December when
Dongjin Koh became president of the handset unit in the biggest leadership
change to date under the conglomerate's heir-apparent Jay Y Lee.

Samsung's operating profit is expected to be flat this year and grow just 3 per
cent next year, according to 43 analysts polled by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.

Slimming down its product portfolio was another departure from the past, when
Samsung launched variations to soak up as much demand as possible. As market
growth stalled, that approach was no longer cost effective.

It phased out unpopular models and created common platforms,with more phones
using the same parts. Researcher Counterpointsays Samsung has shed close to a
third of its product portfolio.

That move also had to overcome internal resistance.

"If you're in the trenches, you want to have a machine gun,a grenade, a mine on
hand," Kim said. "There are also differentneeds depending on individual markets,
so regional sales staffnaturally can't be happy when the company moves to
rationalizeand restructure from a global structure. The transition processis
painful."

The product cull paid off; the revamped models helpedSamsung recover in big
markets such as India. "There was afeeling the sheer number of phones in the
market was confusingfor customers," said a Samsung India executive, declining to
beidentified as he was not authorised to speak with the media.

Despite a solid first quarter, analysts remain cautiousabout Samsung's outlook,
with researcher Gartner predictingglobal smartphone sales growth will slow to 7
percent this year.

Samsung has also yet to recover in China, the world's topsmartphone market,
where it ranks sixth with 7 percent marketshare, according to Strategy
Analytics, well behind local rivalssuch as Huawei, Xiaomi and OPPO.

Samsung's Kim says his focus now is on premium-endsmartphones â[#x20ac]" those
costing $600 and above â[#x20ac]" where not allindustry players have the muscle
to compete.

"There's still room for growth in the market," he said."This segment wants
innovation, which has turned it into an areathat requires huge capital equipment
investments."

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             590 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                              May 24, 2016 Tuesday

To halt smartphone slide, Samsung rewrites playbook

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 979 words


S7 camera, line-up cull among the tough decisions

Reuters

SEOUL

From the way it chooses smartphone components to the models it brings to market,
Samsung Electronics has undergone a painful process of breaking from its past to
reverse a slide in its handset business.

For example, the world's largest smartphone maker agonised over camera specs for
its flagship Galaxy S7 until the last moment â[#x20ac]" ultimately defying
industry convention by opting for fewer pixels in exchange for improved
autofocus features and low-light performance, a move that contributed to early
success.

It also pared back its product line-up, overcoming internal resistance, enabling
it to streamline production, an executive said.

The handset business has now stabilised, and had its best profit in nearly two
years in January-March, though historically low smartphone industry growth still
leaves Samsung looking for the "next big thing".

"We've now gotten to a point where we can secure a baseline profit even if the
market stagnates, so long as we don't make a bad mistake," said Kim Gae-youn,
vice president in charge of Samsung's smartphone product planning. "I'm
confident we can hold our ground."

After peaking in 2013, a sharp drop in mobile profits exposed Samsung as slow to
adjust to the changing market: its budget devices were overpriced and
unappealing versus Chinese offerings, and the 2014 version of its Galaxy S
flopped.

That prompted a cull among executives and stoked investor worries Samsung might
not be able to recover as rivals including Apple and China's Huawei Technologies
and Xiaomi gained market share at its expense.

There was no sweeping, across-the-board fix. Rather, Samsung embarked two years
ago on an overhaul that included a shift from a phone-for-all-needs approach
towards a line-up that emphasised economies of scale.

It revamped design, using metal frames and curved screens, and gave high-end
features such as organic light-emitting diode (OLED) screens to its low- and
mid-tier products.

As Samsung prepared to launch its Galaxy S7 phones this year, executives went
back and forth over whether to use a 12-megapixel rear camera that shoots better
in the dark and has improved auto focus, or stay with a 16-megapixel count. At
the last moment, they opted for 12-megapixels â[#x20ac]" a rare step down in an
industry fixated on higher numbers. This meant a change in approach for a
company known to tout the highest specs for its flagship products, and
executives required convincing, Kim said. They were swayed by data showing
consumers want more than just a high pixel count.

"In the past, based on our past decision-making process, we never would have
gone back," Kim said in an interview at Samsung's headquarters campus in Suwon,
south of Seoul.

The move worked. More than half of US S7 buyers surveyed cited camera quality as
a key selling point, compared with a third of all smartphone buyers in the first
quarter, according to Kantar US Insights.

The same mindset shift gave Samsung confidence to release a Galaxy 7 series that
looks similar to its predecessor. This incremental upgrade drew initial
scepticism, but the S7 phones have beaten expectations and could set a new
first-year sales record for the South Korean firm.

Samsung must still convince investors its recent improvement is sustainable, and
that innovative products are in the works to grow revenue. Some attribute its
rebound partly to Apple's weaker performance, and cost-cutting.

"I think they will try to imbue the Note [phone] with a more transformative
change such as new technology under the new leadership, than the fine-tuning we
saw with the Galaxy S7," said Kim Hyun-su, a fund manager with IBK Investment &
Securities, which holds Samsung shares.

Long-time mobile chief JK Shin ceded day-to-day management in December when
Dongjin Koh became president of the handset unit in the biggest leadership
change to date under the conglomerate's heir-apparent Jay Y Lee.

Samsung's operating profit is expected to be flat this year and grow just 3 per
cent next year, according to 43 analysts polled by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.

Slimming down its product portfolio was another departure from the past, when
Samsung launched variations to soak up as much demand as possible. As market
growth stalled, that approach was no longer cost effective.

It phased out unpopular models and created common platforms,with more phones
using the same parts. Researcher Counterpointsays Samsung has shed close to a
third of its product portfolio.

That move also had to overcome internal resistance.

"If you're in the trenches, you want to have a machine gun,a grenade, a mine on
hand," Kim said. "There are also differentneeds depending on individual markets,
so regional sales staffnaturally can't be happy when the company moves to
rationalizeand restructure from a global structure. The transition processis
painful."

The product cull paid off; the revamped models helpedSamsung recover in big
markets such as India. "There was afeeling the sheer number of phones in the
market was confusingfor customers," said a Samsung India executive, declining to
beidentified as he was not authorised to speak with the media.

Despite a solid first quarter, analysts remain cautiousabout Samsung's outlook,
with researcher Gartner predictingglobal smartphone sales growth will slow to 7
percent this year.

Samsung has also yet to recover in China, the world's topsmartphone market,
where it ranks sixth with 7 percent marketshare, according to Strategy
Analytics, well behind local rivalssuch as Huawei, Xiaomi and OPPO.

Samsung's Kim says his focus now is on premium-endsmartphones â[#x20ac]" those
costing $600 and above â[#x20ac]" where not allindustry players have the muscle
to compete.

"There's still room for growth in the market," he said."This segment wants
innovation, which has turned it into an areathat requires huge capital equipment
investments."

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             591 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                        May 17, 2016 Tuesday 4:50 PM GMT

Samsung Galaxy X folding smartphone rumoured for release in 2017

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 269 words


Samsung may have had a big year with the launch of the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge,
but their ambitions for 2017 are even grander.

According to reputable Samsung blog SamMobile, the South Korean manufacturer is
planning on releasing five new flagship phones next year.

Some of the rumoured upcoming devices aren't too surprising. Like usual, Samsung
will be updating the Galaxy S series, with the S8 and S8 Edge.

They'll also be bringing out the Galaxy Note 7 and Note 7 Edge, follow-ups to
the forthcoming Note 6.

Most interesting, however, is what SamMobile calls the Galaxy X - a
revolutionary foldable smartphone, which can expand to be used as a tablet.

The S7 Edge already has a curved screen, but the Galaxy X would take things
further. The phone has been in development for a while, under the codename
'Project Valley', and leaks have so far suggested that it will look like a
regular smartphone when folded, but will double in size when opened.

Releasing the long-awaited foldable phone next year would make sense. Smartphone
sales are falling for most major manufacturers, and each new device seems to be
more similar than different to its predecessor.

Making such a radically different phone would put Samsung ahead of the pack,
potentially boosting their sales.

Samsung doesn't comment on rumours, so there's no news on the release dates or
prices of these futuristic phones. Based on past launch schedules, however, you
can expect the S8 and S8 Edge to release in early Spring, with the Note and
Galaxy X devices potentially coming out in the second half of the year.

Independent

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             592 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The National

                               May 2, 2016 Monday

Samsung S7 Edge: probably the best smartphone in the world right now

BYLINE: John Everington

LENGTH: 567  words


John Everington

What was true of the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge at its launch in early March remains
the case two months later: the Korean giant's new flagship is the best
smartphone in the world right now.

The S7 Edge builds on the raw promise of its predecessor, the S6 Edge,
delivering a high-end handset with a more luxurious design, larger display,
sharper camera and more powerful battery.

The game-changing design of the S6 Edge has been refined even further, with a
beautifully curved smooth metal back to accompany the curved edges of the front
display. Even this loyal iPhone user has to admit there is no better-designed
smartphone in the world.

The S7 Edge sports a 5.5 inch QHD display, a noticeable step up from the S6
Edge's 5.1 inches (although both handsets are almost the same width), but a
little smaller than the 5.7 inches of the S6 Edge+. Videos and images are
stunning, with the fantastic contrast and the deep colours we've come to expect
from Samsung.

With the bigger display comes a larger battery, addressing one of the key
shortcomings of the S6 Edge. While its predecessor would often fail to make it
through the day, the S7 Edge will happily last more than 24 hours on a single
charge, even when you put it through its paces.

Samsung have taken the interesting decision to drop the S7 Edge's camera
resolution to 12MP from the S6 Edge's 16MP. Despite this, the S7 Edge takes
well-balanced, highly detailed pictures and videos in all light conditions,
proof once again that megapixels aren't everything.

The S7 Edge retails from Dh2,799 for a basic 32GB model, Dh200 cheaper than the
iPhone 6S Plus but Dh200 more expensive than the (much smaller) iPhone 6S. Not
everyone has that sort of budget but if you do, the upgrades in design, battery
and camera make the S7 Edge the most compelling smartphone on the market and
worth the investment.

And we haven't touched on the expandable memory and waterproofing yet.

q&a and it comes in 'pink gold'

John Everington expands on the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge's many attributes:

You mentioned something about expandable memory? Didn't Samsung have that
before?

After dropping the option for the S6 and S6 Edge, Samsung has happily brought
back an SD card slot -- which doubles as a second SIM card slot - for the S7 and
S7 Edge. You can expand the phone's internal storage from 32GB to up to 200GB.
There is also a 64GB version of the S7 Edge, but for some reason it's not
available in the UAE.

And what about the waterproofing? Can I take it on my next scuba diving trip?

It's actually water resistant rather than fully waterproof, meaning it's better
for pool pics rather than taking pictures of turtles in Fujairah. In my opinion
not an essential feature (although it has been available for years on several
Sony devices) but quite fun, and handy for those times when your three-year-old
drops your phone down the toilet.

Samsung just announced a rise in profit. Does that mean that the S7 range is
selling well?

They would like you to think that, but it's hard to tell. The S7 range was
launched during the first quarter of this year, whereas the S6 range actually
went on sale in the second quarter of last year, so it's not a like-for-like
comparison. It will be interesting to see how the second quarter numbers stack
up.

And does it come in pink?

The S7 Edge is available in black, white, gold, silver and yes - "pink gold".

jeverington@thenational.ae

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 818


                     Copyright 2016 Abu Dhabi Media Company
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             593 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                         May 2, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Top 5 Premium Smartphones Above Rs 30,000 (April 2016)

BYLINE: Phalgunn Maharishi

LENGTH: 708  words


You can check this list out only if you are willing to shell out thousands of
rupees in the name of a premium smartphone.

Smartphones above Rs 30,000 price tag come with premium features, and let us
face it; only a fraction of the mobile users in India actually use a costlier
premium phone. If you are planing to buy one, you should either be a diehard fan
of the premium-ness or you should be having plenty of money. Whatever the reason
may be, we at TechTree are listing out what we feel to be the best ones
available currently in this segment.

1. Apple iPhone 6s Plus

When it comes to premium features, the first company that comes to our minds is
Apple. No matter how costly their smartphones are, there are people standing in
queue on the launch date to purchase the latest smartphone by Apple. With 3D
Touch display incorporated into the smartphone, the 5.5 inch device comes with a
exceptional camera that is capable of capturing 4K video and Live Photos, along
with great detailed photographs. The price range starts from Rs 55,789 (16 GB
variant) and goes upto Rs 73,150 (64 GB) and Rs 84,249 (128 GB). However, there
may be slight variations in the price depending on different retailer.

2. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge

Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is definitely one of those best devices available out in
the market today. With a 5.5 inch Quad HD display screen, 4 GB RAM, and 32 GB
internal storage, the smartphone runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow. You can also
find a fingerprint scanner on the home button of the Galaxy S7 Edge. The battery
is of 3,600 mAh capacity. While we can definitely get these features in almost
most of the budget phones nowadays, the exclusive feature that comes with the S7
Edge is the saturated AMOLED display, with a curve which allows you to utilize
your device on a better level. Apart from all, it's the Samsung flagship device
for the year 2016 and wouldn't you want to have it? Price range starts from
somewhere around Rs Rs 48,900 for the 32 GB variant.

3. Huawei Nexus 6P

This flagship device from Google is a premium device that was launched alongside
the affordable rival, LG Nexus 5X. This is the first Huawei smartphone being
manufactured under the Google's Nexus programme, making this a special phone for
every Huawei and Nexus fan! Sporting a metal body, the 5.5 inch device comes
with USB Type-C for fast connectivity. The device runs on Android 6.0
Marshmallow and the camera is capable of capturing some mind boggling shots. The
price range of the device varies according to the internal memory that comes
out-of-the-box. For a 32 GB variant, you will have to pay somewhere around Rs
34,499 and for a 64 GB variant the price goes up to approximately Rs 40,999.

4. BlackBerry Priv

Now, this is something that is more close to the heart of those people who are
typical BlackBerry fans, and have been using a BlackBerry phone even in the era
of Android smartphones. This 5.4 inch device runs on Android and what else would
you want? It comes with all the goodness of an Android device, yet being as
secured as the original BlackBerry device. Along with this, the smartphone also
comes with a physical QWERTY keyboard that actually allows you to type in like
the original BlackBerry device. The smartphone comes with a 18 MP primary
camera, and is backed by a 3,410 mAh battery. The internal storage capacity is
of 32 GB while the device is powered by a 3 GB RAM. The Priv comes with a price
tag of around Rs 55,550.

5. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL

This smartphone marks the return of Microsoft into the smartphone business, and
if you are a Windows phone fan, then you are going to definitely love this
device. With a 5.7 inch display, 3 GB RAM, and 32 GB internal storage, the
smartphone comes with a 20 MP primary camera and 5 MP front facing sensor for
selfies. To keep the smartphone cool, the company has incorporated the liquid
cooling technology right into the phone itself, making it a perfect choice as
your personal computer. Adding on to this fact, the smartphone can be used as a
portable computer using the Continuum. The smartphone runs on Windows 10 Mobile
operating system.

While we have made our best to come up with a list of five best premium
smartphones, there might be a device which has been left out.


LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             594 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Voice & Data

                                  July 9, 2016

Samsung launches Galaxy S7 edge Olympic Games Limited Edition

BYLINE: Sanjeeb Kumar Sahoo

LENGTH: 887  words


NEW DELHI: In celebration of the Rio 2016 Olympic Games, Samsung Electronics ,
Worldwide Olympic Partner in the Wireless Communications Equipment category,
unveiled the Galaxy S7 edge Olympic Games Limited Edition in Sao Paulo, Brazil.

Samsung also announced the Rio 2016 app and on-the ground activations throughout
Brazil to mark the official launch of Samsung's global Rio 2016 Olympic Games
campaign.

In collaboration with the International Olympic Committee (IOC), Samsung will
deliver 12,500 Galaxy S7 edge Olympic Games Limited Edition and Gear IconX to
all Rio 2016 Olympians, helping them to enhance their experiences in Rio and
communicate with family and friends around the world more conveniently.

For the first time ever, the Rio 2016-inspired device incorporates an Olympic
Games design embedded into the phone itself, featuring a custom colorway pattern
including the five official colors of the Olympic Rings. The colors of the
Olympic Rings will also be prominent in the phone's user interface in the home
and lock screens as well as the message, dial and contact screens and
notification bar. Pre-loaded Rio 2016 Olympic Games themed wallpapers will also
be available. Athletes will also receive Samsung's newest smartphone accessory,
the Gear IconX cord-free earbuds, which offer a new fitness experience with an
in-ear heart rate monitor and standalone music player. When paired with
smartphones, they can track fitness updates through the S Health app.

"Sports are all about an individual's relentless journey of challenging
complacency, and the Olympic Games are the ultimate global celebration of the
progress and achievement of athletes, countries and their fans coming together
to unite the world," said Younghee Lee, Executive Vice President of Global
Marketing, Mobile Communications Business at Samsung Electronics.

"Samsung admires the spirit of Olympians and fans across the globe who
continuously push boundaries for the better," added Lee.

Samsung is also offering fans and consumers a chance to commemorate the Rio 2016
Olympic Games by creating a limited number of Galaxy S7 edge Olympic Games
Limited Edition that will be available beginning July 18th. 2,016 phones will be
available in selected countries including Brazil, the United States, China,
Germany and Korea.

"Samsung's technology has helped to engage with fans and especially young people
around the world. The IOC is grateful for their partnership in providing Samsung
Galaxy S7 edge Olympic Games Limited Edition to the athletes that will compete
in Rio de Janeiro. This will enable the athletes to connect with their friends,
family and fans and share their amazing experience at the Olympic Games. With
Samsung's support, we look forward to inspire people everywhere with Olympic
Values, the unique experience of the Olympic Games and the power of sport," said
IOC President Thomas Bach.

Samsung will celebrate the spirit of the Olympic Games through a variety of
initiatives leading up to and during the Rio 2016 Olympic Games, including:

In the lead-up to and during the Games, fans are invited to interact with
Samsung's latest technology and connect with the Olympic Games at Samsung Galaxy
Studios. The interactive studios will feature a variety of activities, including
enhanced virtual reality experiences where fans can feel the exhilaration of
various Olympic sports first-hand. A new and unique 4D VR offering will be
available at select Studios where fans can step outside their comfort zones and
into specially designed seats to feel the high-speed thrill of kayaking, a ride
that has to be felt to be believed.

Studio visitors will also have the opportunity to collect specially-designed
Olympic Games pins, including 22 Olympic Games sport-themed pins, as well as
eight sets of special pins designed with symbolic elements of Brazil. The Galaxy
Studios will also provide opportunities to test out and purchase Samsung's
newest products, participate in games, and more. In addition to three Galaxy
Studios in the Olympic Park, Samsung will have several studios throughout Rio,
Sao Paulo, and local cities in Brazil.

The Rio 2016 App: Enhancing the Olympic Games through Innovative Technology

The official application of Rio 2016, "The Rio 2016 App", developed by Samsung
in collaboration with the Rio 2016 Organizing Committee, provides athletes, fans
and consumers with 24/7 updates on all of the latest Olympic news. The app will
be updated in early August to provide the official Olympic Games schedule, venue
and event information, results, medal counts, and more real-time updates.
Samsung Galaxy phone users can also use the S-translator customized for the
Olympic Games. The Rio 2016 Official Application is available for free download
through the Samsung Galaxy Apps, Google Play for Android, App Store for iOS, and
selected App Store in China as well as the Windows App Store.

The Olympic Athletes' Hub App

The "Olympic Athletes' Hub" app, developed by the IOC, will be installed on each
Olympian device, where they will find relevant information to make the most of
their experience at the Olympic Games Rio 2016. With the app, athletes will be
able to reach out directly to the IOC and the IOC Athletes' Commission and can
also learn about all the resources and programmes the IOC is making available to
athletes.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


            Copyright 2016 Voice & Data, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             595 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                      March 9, 2016 Wednesday 9:39 AM GMT

Dynamo created brain-teasing Everyday Illusions on the Samsung Galaxy S7 - and
here's how he did it;
The illusionist reveals the tricks behind his forced-perspective shots

BYLINE: Ben Travis

SECTION: TECH AND GAMING

LENGTH: 312 words


They say a magician never reveals his secrets - but illusions, it seems, are
fair game.

Dynamo, aka Bradford-born 33 year-old Steven Frayne, has created a series of
brain-teasing images shot with the Samsung Galaxy S7 - and for once, he's
letting his fans know how it was done.

"Because it's just for fun, to put on my Instagram and social media, I don't
care so much if I let people in on the secret," he explains in the KPH pub at
Ladbroke Grove.

"It's a cool way to interact with my fans, and maybe inspire them to make their
own everyday illusions."

Read more

Samsung Galaxy S7 release date, specs and price rumours

The images, from Dynamo surfing on a London double decker to stepping sideways
out of a swimming pool, are perfect fodder to inspire Instagram envy.

"Before I was doing TV, I was on YouTube and Twitter and social media. I'm from
that era," he says. "I've always been trying to find really cool ways to capture
magic in still form.

"The quality that I put out has got to be second-to-none - it's a Dynamo
picture."

The newly-announced S7, due to go on sale in the UK on March 11, boasts a 12
Megapixel camera, with new features including low-light performance, a Dual
Pixel Sensor for an extra-quick auto-focus, and motion panorama capture.

Read more

Dynamo's dream: to take his magic show to 'iconic' Wembley Arena

Magic masterclass: how Dynamo's tricks turned me into an illusionist

Samsung pins hopes on its S6 smartphone triumphing over Apple

Taking to the streets of London with the handset, Dynamo wants to show that
magic doesn't have to just be huge stunts or mind-boggling close-up tricks.

"You can create the best images, and people would think it's been done
professionally," he explains. "But it's just me, out on the street, with my
phone."

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2016 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             596 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                        May 27, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Why HTC 10 Isn't Waterproof

BYLINE: Rimit Singh

LENGTH: 424  words


Despite having powerful specs, HTC 10 unlike its other premium rivals, like
Samsung's Galaxy S7, doesn't offer waterproofing capabilities. Hereas why.

''HTC 10 sports a metal body which makes it difficult for us to integrate
waterproofing abilities to the device, unlike other plastic casing smartphones
like the Galaxy S7,'' said Darren Sng, VP for global product marketing at HTC.

The Galaxy S7 and S7 edge smartphones by Samsung can withstand water for up to 1
meter for 30 minutes as per company's claims. The South Korean electronics giant
is also touting the feature in its retail outlets, submerging the devices in
water filled cases.

HTC also claims that its working to bring in water resistant capabilities to its
metal encased smartphones.

''We are working to make our metal body smartphones water resistant which at
present comes as a big challenge,'' added Darren.

HTC 10 which was launched yesterday by the Taiwanese smartphone and tablet maker
comes as the most premium smartphone offering of the company, priced at INR
52,990.

A quick hand-on review of the device certified its premium appearance as HTC,
following suite from its previous flagships has utilized a full metal body
design with a curved rear.

The phone is also equipped with powerful specs including a dual core 2.15 Ghz
Kryo chip, coupled with 4GB of RAM and a 12MP camera capable of 4K video
recording. On the display front, the device comes with a 5.2 inch QHD screen,
offering an impressive resolution of 1440x2560 pixels with a pixel density of
546ppi, one among the highest in the segment.

The 12MP camera mounted at the rear of the device performed exceptionally well
while capturing snapshots. What's also impressing is the camera's ability to
furnish vibrant colors in a low light environment.

We tried the HTC 10's rear camera and it performed really well. We were
especially impressed with the camera's color reproduction and its ability to
click images within a snap, even in dim and artificially lighted conditions

For those unaware, the smartphone houses a 12MP UltraPixel 2 camera with a pixel
size of 1.55um, meaning more light is captured in one shot. This results in
relatively brighter images, especially in low light conditions. The rear
autofocus camera works in tandem with the BSI sensor, optical image
stabilization and f/1.8 aperture to capture clear and sharp images.

The company in a video also claimed that HTC 10 surpassed Apple's iPhone 6S and
Galaxy S7 smartphones in 'drop tests', surviving 30 drops head on without
noticeable scratches on the unit.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             597 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Gulf Daily News

                                August 11, 2016

Samsung launches Note7

LENGTH: 248 words


Manama:Samsung Gulf has announced the Bahrain launch of "its most intelligent
smartphone" - the Galaxy Note7.


The Galaxy Note7 will be available in Bahrain on August 19, in Gold Platinum,
Silver Titanium and Black Onyx with a price tag of BD315.
A 128 GB microSD card will be supplied to complement the 64GB of internal
memory.
With refined craftsmanship, premium materials and a unique symmetrical edge
design, the Galaxy Note7 features: a water resistant body and S Pen (IP68),
top-of-the-line security that combines Samsung Knox with biometric
authentication including a new iris scanning feature, and immersive
entertainment features with HDR video streaming capabilities.
Samsung's partnership with Holiday Factory will benefit Note7 buyers to opt for
'buy one get one free' holiday package with up to 5,000 dirhams savings. The
device is also loaded with Galaxy Entertainer application with benefits of
400,000 dirhams through 'buy one get one' free offers.
The Samsung Galaxy Note7 is virtually indistinguishable from the S7 or S7 Edge.
It has the same Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor, same 4GB of RAM, same quick
charging and quick wireless charging, and same 12-megapixel camera with f/1.7
lens and optical stabilisation as the S7 series.
"With the Galaxy Note7 we have reinvented the large-screen smartphone segment
with a unique combination of productivity tools, entertainment services and
security features," said Samsung Gulf Electronics head of IT and mobile division
Tarek Sabbagh.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5


     Copyright 2016 Gulf Daily News - Hilal Publishing and Marketing Group.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             598 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday

Samsung's iris-reading Note 7 keeps Apple at bay

LENGTH: 594  words


After extending its lead over Apple Inc in the global smartphone market with the
Galaxy S7, Samsung Electronics Co is now trying to keep that spirit alive before
a new iPhone arrives.

A Samsung employee shows an attendee a Samsung Galaxy Note 7 smartphone during a
launch event in New York. Provided To China Daily

South Korean group draws attention to extra security the scanner provides

After extending its lead over Apple Inc in the global smartphone market with the
Galaxy S7, Samsung Electronics Co is now trying to keep that spirit alive before
a new iPhone arrives.

The South Korean company announced the latest version of its large-screen
smartphone with the 5.7 inch Note 7 that can be unlocked with an iris-scanning
camera. Sporting a display that curves down both sides, Samsung's successor to
the Note 5 skipped a number to synchronize its name with the technology used for
its top-selling Galaxy S7.

With consumers putting greater emphasis on multimedia when choosing devices, the
Note 7 also supports so-called high-dynamic range video content and the company
partnered with Amazon.com Inc to make such streaming content available in
selected regions in time for the launch. HDR is seen as one of the next big
advances in television and movie picture quality, alongside 4K Ultra HD and
virtual reality.

Samsung drew attention to the extra security that an iris-scanner provides,
because the human retina is virtually impossible to replicate. That may help
security-conscious users warm to the new phone but, without wider acceptance of
mobile payments and biometric verification, may not prove enough of a selling
point to many would-be buyers.

"Adding an iris-reading sensor was a positive move. But to make a bigger splash,
it needs to be backed up by more of the financial and payments industry," said
Park Kang-ho, an analyst at Daishin Securities Co in Seoul.

"It isn't something that consumers would flock to. I don't think the phone will
sharply outsell the previous Note 5 model."

The device's unveiling comes at least a month before Apple is expected to launch
its revamped iPhones.

The Note 7 will go on sale starting Aug 19 and roll out gradually across the
globe, Samsung said. The new product comes with Samsung Pay services and will be
offered in four different colors, including gold, black, silver and blue. The
South Korean company also unveiled an upgraded version of its Gear VR, a gadget
that twins with a Samsung phone to display virtual reality images.

The iris-scanning technology, which relies on an infrared camera lens mounted on
the front of the phone, can also be used to unlock a secure folder within the
Android operating system. Users can store sensitive documents and apps in the
directory, which remain encrypted even if the phone is unlocked. Iris-detection
is fast, identifying a registered face and unlocking the device in less than a
second during a demonstration in London.

Users will be able to authenticate Samsung Pay transactions via the new
technology.

Other features of the phone include an improved stylus that can be used
underwater or when the screen is wet. Waterproofing the pen makes it easier to
use when it rains as liquid on the screen generally makes fingers less
effective, while the new pen nub will work just the same. This will be
particularly useful to people who work outside, like delivery drivers, Eric
McCarty, vice-president of Samsung America mobile, told reporters in New York
before the product announcement.

Bloomberg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/80/147028803072.jpg

eca86bd9df04190cd4921c.jpg

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             599 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      August 3, 2016 Wednesday 8:30 AM GMT

Samsung unveils Galaxy Note 7 phablet you can unlock with your eyes;
Korean smartphone manufacturer bets on high-end features, curved glass and
premium materials to shift latest in phablet category creator

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 503 words


Samsung's latest Galaxy Note 7 phablet is one of the first smartphones to ship
with an iris scanner that can read your eyes and let you into your phone in
seconds.

Having invented the phablet in 2011 with the original Galaxy Note, Samsung has
skipped the Note 6 to bring the Note line up to numerical par with its popular
Galaxy S7 line.

The new phone features the same high-end, premium design and build that made the
Galaxy S7 Edge popular, with a fit and finish better than any of the Korean
firm's other smartphones.

But its biggest selling feature is a new biometric option in the form of an
infrared iris scanner that takes just seconds to set up and unlock the phone
with a glance of either eye. It still has a fingerprint scanner under the home
button, which glasses-wearers will appreciate as they may have to remove their
glasses or contact lenses to make the iris scanner work.

The Note 7 also features similar specifications to the Galaxy S7 Edge, including
its IP68 rating making it waterproof to depths of 1.5m for 30 minutes, a
12-megapixel camera on the back, 4GB of RAM and 64GB of storage, with a microSD
card slot for adding more.

The phablet has a 5.7in quad HD screen, USB-C, and the integrated S-pen stylus,
which is now waterproof and will work when the screen is wet. Samsung has also
made the screen ready for the new high dynamic range video standard which is
rolling out across high-end televisions, supported by content from Amazon's
Prime video service, among others.

Samsung has also made changes to the Note 7's Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow
software, including the ability to turn video into gifs directly from the
screen, and various other stylus-related tools, including the ability to write
on the smartphone's screen when it's asleep without having to wake it up.

The Note 7's USB-C port requires a new version of the company's Gear VR headset,
which Samsung says it has reworked to be more comfortable to wear and use. The
new Gear VR also has an accessory port on the side and revamped controls.

Samsung said that it has more than 1 million users of various incarnations of
its Gear VR headset, with 500,000 sold in the EU, which makes it one of the
best-selling VR headsets.

Samsung is locked in a battle for the top-end smartphone space with arch rival
Apple, which only recently began to sell phablets. As larger-screen smartphones
have become more and more popular - the fastest growing segment in Europe -
companies have struggled to differentiate their high-priced phablets with
multiple functions from the cheaper large-screened smartphones primarily
designed for media consumption.

The Korean firm will hope that its focus on stylus functions, premium materials
and it's Knox security platform, which using both fingerprint and iris scanners
claims to be one of the most secure and easy to use smartphones available, will
lure customers from cheaper alternatives.

The Galaxy Note 7 will be available in the UK on 2 September.


     ·    Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge review: this is the smartphone to beat


LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             600 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   Gulf Times

                            March 12, 2016 Saturday

Note 5, S6 help raise Samsung sales 20%

LENGTH: 427  words


..


By Joey Aguilar/Staff Reporter

Two of Samsung's flagship smartphones - Note 5 and Galaxy S6 - significantly
helped increase the tech giant's sales in the region by 20% last year, its
mobile division information technology head Tarek Sabbagh told Gulf Times.


"Despite the situation in the market, these models helped us to achieve positive
growth in 2015," he said. "Consumers tell us they like the technology we
provide."
Speaking on the sidelines of the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge launch event in Doha
recently, Sabbagh noted that their two smartphones also helped increase
Samsung's market share in Qatar by 48%.
"Whenever we launch anything, Qatar is a major contributor to the results within
the Gulf region, when we achieved 20%, Qatar had a big role in that number," the
IT head said.
He described Qatar consumers as knowledgeable, up-to-date, and always looking
for the latest technology in electronics and gadgets.
The 5.1-inch S6 features a 16mp camera, 3GB RAM internal memory with no card
slot, and uses a 2,550mAh battery. The 5.7-inch Note 5 also features a 16mp
camera, 4GB RAM internal memory with no card slot, and uses a 3,000-mAh battery.

Sabbagh expressed confidence that new technologies and features they added in S7
and S& Edge will continue to set a trend in the smartphone market.
It is learnt that many customers see S7 and S7 Edge's "Super Amoled Display",
dust proof, and water resistant features as innovative and unique.
About the challenges amid the oil price slowdown, Sabbagh said they are "not
affected by what is happening in the market".
Smartphones have become a necessity to many and the demand continues to grow, he
noted. These included professionals such as journalists who follow news reports
by the minute, take photos, and chat with friends and family.
"Phones used to be a luxury couple of years back and people, whenever there is a
crisis or lower income, they usually cut on luxury," he said.  "Today, phones
are your day-to-day life and you spend more time with it."
"We need the latest technology that makes our work and life easier, and to help
facilitate and communicate," he added.
About the S7 and S7 Edge, he expressed optimism that sales will increase
further.
"When we see our market share growing, we know that we are providing the
consumer with the best proposition in terms of quality and value because the
prize of the S7 was carefully studied in a way that it is affordable," Sabbagh
said. "It is a flagship that provides you with a lot of features."

http://imgs.syndigate.info/60/183/19/145785872342.jpg



LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 183


                      Copyright 2016 Gulf Times Newspaper
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             601 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            December 28, 2015 Monday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Ferrari recalls cars for fuel-leak risks

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 158 words


Ferrari North America is recalling some 2016 California T convertibles because
the vehicles may have an improper fuel line connection that could increase the
risk of a fire. The cars carry a price tag of $231,000 and up. Ferrari notified
the National Highway and Traffic Safety Administration that California T
convertibles made between Sept. 8 and Nov. 11 this year have a low-pressure fuel
line that may not connect properly to the fuel pump feed pipe. That could result
in a fuel leak in the vehicle's engine compartment, which may increase the risk
of smoke or a fire.

Samsung reportedly has iris scanner in Galaxy S7

South Korean giant Samsung may be set to deploy a new weapon in its battle with
Apple: An iris scannerin its Galaxy S7 smartphone, according to reports cited by
news sites PhoneArena.com and TechRadar. The new Galaxy S7 models, likely to be
unveiled in February, could help Samsung stem a decline in the global smartphone
market.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Scott Olson, Getty Images

DOCUMENT-TYPE: MONEYLINE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2015 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             602 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            December 28, 2015 Monday

MONEYLINE

SECTION: ; Pg. Z5

LENGTH: 192 words


SCOTT OLSON, GETTY IMAGES California T convertible is affected.

FERRARI RECALLS CARS FOR FUEL-LEAK RISKS

Ferrari North America is recalling some 2016 California T convertibles because
the vehicles may have an improper fuel line connection that could increase the
risk of a fire. The cars carry a price tag of $231,000 and up. Ferrari notified
the National Highway and Traffic Safety Administration that California T
convertibles made between Sept. 8 and Nov. 11 this year have a low-pressure fuel
line that may not connect properly to the fuel pump feed pipe. That could result
in a fuel leak in the vehicle's engine compartment, which may increase the risk
of smoke or a fire.

SAMSUNG REPORTEDLY HAS IRIS SCANNER IN GALAXY S7

South Korean electronics giant Samsung may be set to deploy a new weapon in its
smartphone battle with Apple: An iris scannerin its Galaxy S7 smartphone,
according to reports cited by news sites PhoneArena.com and TechRadar. The new
Galaxy S7 models are expected to be unveiled in February. While the feature
might add to the cost of the devices, such an upgrade could help Samsung stem a
decline in the global smartphone market.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             603 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung resets smartphone strategy with VR -

LENGTH: 545 words


Ko Dong-jin, president of Samsung Electronics' mobile business division, speaks
at a dinner meeting with Korean reporters held in a restaurant in Barcelona,
Spain, Tuesday (KST), on the sidelines of this year's Mobile World Congress
(MWC)./ Courtesy of Samsung ElectronicsBy Kim Yoo-chul

BARCELONA, Spain - With the launch of its new Galaxy S7, Samsung is looking for
ways to differentiate its handsets from other Android makers and bring a new
user experience to market in competition with its key rivals.

Ko Dong-jin, president of Samsung's mobile division, said early Tuesday (KST),
that the company has shifted its focus toward the main smartphone features
customers are most concerned with - camera function, viewing quality, battery
life and virtual reality (VR).

'Samsung's top priority is to offer what customers want. This is why the Galaxy
S7 handsets have microSD slots; while we made little design overhaul. We are
strengthening open collaboration to bring something new to devices,' Ko said
during a dinner with Korean reporters on the sidelines of this year's Mobile
World Congress (MWC) in Barcelona, Spain.

The top executive said the two Galaxy S7 handsets - one rigid and the other
curved - have received a warm initial response from major carriers and partners.
But he declined to comment about the devices' sales targets. Typically Samsung
preferred to provide its guidance in sales on the release of its new flagship
models.

But, with the S7, it has the confidence to leave the design of its latest phones
very similar to last year's S6 range thanks to other improvements, he said.

This contrasts to the strategies of other companies, as some of Samsung's rivals
have struggled to communicate improvements when keeping their smartphone models'
exterior industrial design consistent between years.

Ko said Samsung has found VR technology is the 'right thing' that consumers
want, providing new experiences in the mobile space.

'Samsung Gear VR is the best device that can bring high value to consumers,' Ko
said. 'With VR addition, you will enjoy experiences that you couldn't imagine
before.'

He said its VR technology is expandable not just for the business-to-consumer
(B2C) market but also for the business-to-business (B2B) market for use in
education, defense and health.

In a rare move, Facecbook CEO Mark Zuckerberg appeared at an event to unveil the
two new Samsung handsets, praising Facebook's partnership with Samsung.

Ko stressed that Samsung is no longer a hardware-focused company, as it's been
selling its mobile payment platform - Samsung Pay - and mobile security platform
- Samsung Knox - in international markets.

'Samsung hopes to earn respect from partners by offering the best usability and
affordability,' he said. 'We are ready to find new alternatives upon requests
from our clients and I can say the company has been maintaining a healthy
partnership with those customers.'

Analysts say Samsung's new strategy shift is correct, as in the mature
smartphone market, companies compete with their older selves to drive consumers
to upgrade their existing smartphones.

'VR is the key tool which has been expected to be used by smartphone
manufacturers in 2016 to market flagship models,' said IHS, a market research
firm, in a note to clients.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             604 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Impressive Phones, Buried Under Bloatware

BYLINE: By BRIAN X. CHEN

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Personal Tech; TECH FIX; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1215 words


PITY the poor Samsung smartphone.

Since the company's Galaxy smartphones were introduced seven years ago, Samsung
has tried its mightiest to make the devices stand out. The company has invested
an enormous amount to market the phones, and it has innovated on Google's
Android operating system used in the devices by adding quirky software features.
Many Galaxy phones have sold briskly, catapulting Samsung to the top spot in the
worldwide handset market.

But try as Samsung might, its smartphones always run into the same criticisms.
The gadgets are inferior to Apple's iPhones, which work seamlessly with the iOS
mobile software, some critics say. And while the hardware design of the Galaxy
phones -- featuring large, vivid screens and high-quality cameras -- wins
plaudits, the devices keep getting thumbs down for some of their junky software.

With two new flagship phones -- the Galaxy S7 and the Galaxy S7 Edge, which were
released last week -- Samsung is hoping to overcome those criticisms. The
phones, which cost roughly $700 to $800, are water-resistant, equipped with fast
cameras and capable of displaying virtual-reality apps and games through
Samsung's headset, the Gear VR. Samsung also loaded the new phones with about a
third less software than previous versions.

''We know that one thing that our users want is a little bit less software, and
we've made a serious effort with this device to include less,'' said Philip
Berne, a Samsung marketing manager.

I tested the new devices to come up with a few rules of thumb for how to get the
most out of Samsung's smartphones. In my tests, I still found the software on
the S7 phones to be a negative to what is otherwise superb hardware.

To get the most out of these fancy phones, consider disabling most of the
included software. Here are four easy steps for improving Samsung phones, which
I put together with the help of Florence Ion, a writer for Greenbot, a website
about Android-based products.

Disable Phone Carrier Apps

Probably the most annoying aspect of Samsung devices is their inclusion of
inferior apps made by mobile carriers like Verizon Wireless and AT&T, known in
tech industry parlance as carrier bloatware. These include apps like mapping or
music services provided by the carriers, which are generally unpopular.

Fortunately, most of the carrier-installed apps on Samsung phones can be
disabled. The apps included will differ from carrier to carrier, but generally
bloatware can be turned off and better alternatives downloaded.

Using the Verizon version of the S7 as an example, open the Apps folder and then
open the Verizon folder. Verizon apps one may want to disable include the
football app NFL Mobile, the music app Slacker Radio, the mapping app Verizon
Navigator and the messaging app Message+. Just press and hold down on these apps
and drag them to the button labeled ''Turn off.''

Ms. Ion said carrier-installed software was what annoyed her the most on the
Samsung phones, because it detracts from the appeal of Android, an operating
system made for customization.

''It's all about the ability to have the choice to do whatever the heck you want
with your phone,'' she said of the Android system. ''That's why I get so angry
about carrier bloat.''

After disabling those apps, replace them with better ones. In the Google Play
store, download these superior free apps: for messaging, the Messenger app by
Google; for mapping, the Waze app by Google; and for music, pick a favorite
music service, like Spotify or Pandora.

Install a Launcher

On Android, the aesthetic of the interface -- or the way the home screen,
folders and apps look -- is called a launcher. Samsung's version is named
TouchWiz, and while the S7's version of TouchWiz looks a bit better than
previous ones, there are plenty of more attractive launchers.

Getting a new launcher is just like downloading an app. In the Google Play app
store, look up a launcher, download and install it. Ms. Ion named a few popular
launchers including Action, which makes it easy to create shortcuts that
activate different functions inside apps; Nova, which enables deeper
customizations; and Google Now, which makes Android look the way Google
intended.

In my testing, I preferred the Google Now launcher. It makes the app icons look
clean and vibrant, and swiping to the left of the main screen displays a list of
cards containing Google account information, including calendar, recent Amazon
purchases and the weather. It's a convenient way to take a quick peek at useful
personalized data.

Replace Some Key Apps

Apart from apps included by carriers on the Galaxy phones, Samsung also loads
some of its custom-made software, like its calendar, voice assistant and email
app, on the devices. It also includes some software from partners like Amazon
and Google. (Believe it or not, the Verizon version of the S7 includes four
music apps, one each from Samsung, Google, Verizon and Amazon.)

The Samsung apps aren't terrible, but because most Android users are tied to
Google services, consumers would benefit from installing the superior
Google-made alternatives for those apps: Google Calendar, Gmail and Google's
voice assistant.

For voice controls, Google's excellent voice assistant is built into the Google
app, which is included on the Samsung phones, and can be configured to respond
to the command ''O.K. Google'' from any screen.

To use it, first disable Samsung's voice assistant. Inside the Samsung apps
folder, press and hold on the S Voice app, then select ''turn off.'' Inside the
Google app, tap the rectangular tab in the upper-left corner, then Settings,
then ''O.K. Google'' detection and swipe right on the option for ''From any
screen.'' From here, users can say ''O.K. Google'' and speak a command, like
''create a calendar event,'' and the voice assistant will react.

For the email and calendar apps, simply download Google's versions through its
Play app store. They are far better designed and more tightly integrated with
Google services than Samsung's apps.

Swap Out the Keyboard

In my testing, I found Samsung's digital keyboard to be imprecise and awkward
for typing. There are plenty of better alternatives to download through the
Google Play app store.

Here again I would recommend Google's keyboard, which has auto-prediction, or
the ability to quickly predict intended words after a few keystrokes. It also
allows typing by swiping around the keyboard.

There's a downside to de-Samsungifying the Samsung phones. While most of the
included software from both Samsung and mobile carriers can be deactivated, some
apps cannot be removed without taking extreme measures to wipe out all the
software on the phone and replace it with a fresh install of Android, a method
called rooting or flashing. That process is complicated, so it's not for the
faint of heart.

That means a lot of apps included on the Samsung phones will linger inside
folders even after alternatives have been installed. Duplicates of some apps
will probably remain.

But the Samsung software is easy enough to ignore by creating shortcuts to the
ones you actually want. In the main apps folder, just drag and drop desired apps
onto the home screen.

In the end, you will have a great Samsung phone with excellent software.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/17/technology/personaltech/make-a-samsung-smartph
one-great-by-switching-out-its-apps.html

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Florence Ion writes about Android phones and is sharply
critical of bloatware. While the hardware design of Samsung's Galaxy phones wins
praise, the devices' software is another story. Fortunately, the
carrier-installed apps, below right, can easily be swapped for more popular
apps, below left. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JUSTIN KANEPS FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                             605 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             August 15, 2016 Monday

Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge gets update

LENGTH: 150  words


New update brings Samsung Cloud and security improvements

Software updates are quite common for phones, and we have been used to getting
them every month as security patches for Android devices. Samsung's latest
update, brings some new treats to the Samsung S7 and S7 Edge.

The Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge are getting a large 151.89 MB update, which
will include the security updates for the month of July, performance
improvements, Bluetooth fixes and GPS upgrades. However, it will also include a
new feature, the Samsung Cloud, a feature introduced with the Note 7. This new
tool will allow users to backup, sync and restore files, making it easier to
switch devices. Users can save contacts, documents, photos, videos, app data,
settings, accounts and even more, making it a solution which many will enjoy.

Have you got this update? If you did, let us know in the comments what you think
of it!

Source

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             606 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                       April 25, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

HTC hopes to revive with its HTC10

BYLINE: John DiPietro

LENGTH: 772  words


HTC, which has witnessed a decline in its revenue and profit, is hopeful that it
will bounce back with its HTC 10, in Australian market. The phone will go on
preorder in many markets like the US and the UK. The HTC 10 was announced last
April 12.

The phone has received mostly favorable reviews. The HTC 10 is 5.2 inch QHD
Super LCD with a sizable 3,000 mAh battery, USB-C connector, along with other
features. On the Australian shores, the HTC10 will reach.

Off contract and unlocked, the HTC 10 was available for $1,080. Many have found
the price of the phone to be quite expensive. But there are many features that
make HTC 10 to be a desirable phone. Australia's Three is the first network
operator partner in the nation that has started taking preprders for the HTC10.

Those who have subscribed to Three or plan to make a switch to the carrier will
pay an upfront fee of 49 on a plan that costs 38 per month. It has to be noted
that the price will go up an extra 5, in the case, when the recurring method of
payment is not used. In this plan, the unlimited text messages and unlimited
calls are included. The data limit has been set at 1GB every month.

Those who require more data can have an unlimited type plan that can be had for
a bit more at 57 per month, but will also include the initial 49 fee. The phone
plus points are considered to be great quality, a more subtle approach to
software than HTC has in its other phone, great audio when connected through
headphones and top-tier performance and first android phone that supports
Airplay streaming out of the box.

"The Taiwanese company has seen its revenue and profit fall considerably since
the first HTC One, but with the HTC 10, it does hope to bounce back and win over
customers in Australia. The 5.2-inch QHD Super LCD flagship phone equipped with
a sizable 3,000 mAh battery, USB-C connector, and a long list of other features,
is indeed coming to the former British colony," according to a news report
published by TechTimes.

News of the HTC 10's arrival on Australian shores on May 3 was welcomed, but no
carriers at the time had picked up the device to offer the flagship on a more
affordable plan. Off contract and unlocked, the HTC 10 was pegged at a cost of
$1,080 AU (a little over $830 U. S.). Needless to say, it costs a lot but it's
also about $100 AU (about $77 U. S.) less than Samsung's Galaxy S7 and a whole
$200 AU (about $150 U. S.) cheaper than the Galaxy S7 edge. Fortunately, the HTC
can still be had for much cheaper. Australia's Three is the first network
operator partner in the country to step up and finally start taking preorders
for the HTC 10.

According to a report in Thenewsindependent by Pauline Angela Quiambao, "HTC's
profits have skidded substantially since it released the first HTC one, and it
is pinning its hope with its HTC10 to get back into the thick of things and make
its presence felt once again in Australia. The 5.2 inches QHD Super LCD flagship
phone comes up with a 3,000 mAh battery, USB-C connector, and bevy of other
functionalities and it is zeroing on the Land Down Under. But it appeared like
the Australian market would take some time before the flagship will make its
mark here. The HTC 10 was available on preorder in countries such as the U. S.
and the UK at the time it was unveiled on April 12."

Previous reports about HTC 10 landing in the Australian soil on May 3 was
welcomed although there are no carriers at that time had embraced the device to
offer the flagship on a reasonably-price plan. HTC 10 was fetched at a price of
$1,080 AU (a little over $830 U. S.) whether off contract and unlocked. As
expected the flagship phone is quite price although it's cheaper than Samsung's
Galaxy S7 by about $100 AU (around $77 U. S.) and a full $200 AU(about $150 U.
S.) less expensive than the Galaxy S7 edge.

A report published in Android informed, "Earlier this month, Taiwanese
smartphone maker HTC introduced its latest flagship smartphone, the HTC 10.
Being the first recent flagship HTC flagship to drop the "One" branding, the HTC
10 is a significant upgrade over its predecessor and is undoubtedly among the
most impressive flagship smartphones on the market currently."

HTC has addressed most of the issues that plagued the One M9 from last year,
making the 10 one of its most compelling flagship smartphones ever. The HTC 10's
main rival is no doubt the Galaxy S7 from Samsung, yet another stunning 2016
flagship Android smartphone. Can the latest HTC flagship take on Samsung's most
refined Galaxy flagship yet? That's exactly what we aim to find out in our HTC
10 vs Samsung Galaxy S7 specs battle today.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             607 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            October 14, 2016 Friday

Samsung predicts another $3.1 bln loss from Note 7's exit -

LENGTH: 290 words


Returned boxes of Samsung Electronics' Galaxy Note 7 smartphones /
AP-YonhapSamsung Electronics said Friday that the discontinuation of the Galaxy
Note 7 smartphone is expected to dent the company's operating profit by
additional $3.1 billion over the next two quarters.

Samsung already slashed its estimate for third-quarter operating profit by 2.6
trillion won ($2.3 billion), saying the revision in third-quarter earnings
guidance reflected "the direct cost from the discontinuation of the Galaxy Note
7 sales."

The latest projection for another mid-3 trillion-won (about $3.1 billion) in
lost profit came as Samsung "expects the drop in revenue from the discontinued
sales to continue to have a negative impact on operating profit for the next two
quarters," Samsung said in a statement.

"The additional lost opportunity cost is estimated in the mid-2 trillion-won
range for the fourth quarter of 2016 and at approximately 1 trillion won for the
first quarter of 2017," the statement said.

All told, the entire financial impact, including recall expense, direct expense
and lost profit, is estimated to reach about 7 trillion won, according to market
watchers.

Samsung said it will make efforts to boost sales of its flagship Galaxy S7 phone
to reduce the financial impact of the Note 7's exit.

"Moving forward, Samsung Electronics plans to normalize its mobile business by
expanding sales of flagship models, such as the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge,"
it said.

"Additionally, the company will focus on enhancing product safety for consumers
by making significant changes in its quality assurance processes," Samsung said.

After the announcement, shares of Samsung Electronics were up 0.45 percent to
1,564,000 won in early morning trade. (Yonhap)

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             608 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                             July 7, 2016 Thursday

Samsung set to boost spending as S7 revives phone fortunes

BYLINE: Jungah Lee Bloomberg

SECTION: BX; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 525 words


After ending a two-year smartphone slide with the Galaxy S7, Samsung Electronics
Co. could be about to hike capital spending to sustain a revival across the
company.

At least $5 billion (U.S.) more of investment is headed to the display and
semiconductor businesses, according to a survey of analyst estimates, to help
Samsung ride out bumps in the market. The move reflects new optimism after the
success of the Galaxy S7, with the shares rallying 13 per cent this year.

Samsung's rise into an electronics behemoth has been fuelled by getting its
memory chips and displays, often the most expensive parts, into devices made by
others.

With the South Korean company said to be in talks to supply Apple with
next-generation OLED screens and bring out its own phones with bendable screens,
Samsung can use its cash pile of more than $60 billion to extend its lead on
rivals.

"Samsung's smartphone business has finally had a soft landing after a bumpy
ride," said Chung Chang Won, an analyst at Nomura Holdings Inc. in Seoul.
Samsung will probably boost spending on memory and displays, which "are poised
for a sudden rise as the next growth-drivers."

The shares slid 3.3 per cent to close Wednesday at 1.42 million won. Analysts,
however, are betting they've got room to rise. Since the company's last earnings
report, the average target price of analysts has risen by 6.7 per cent, backing
the Galaxy S7's ability to keep winning customers. In the same period, profit
estimates have risen by almost half a billion dollars.

Samsung will report preliminary second-quarter earnings Thursday, expecting
operating income to rise about 7 per cent to 7.4 trillion won ($6.4 billion),
according to the average estimate. Sales are projected to increase 4.9 per cent
to 50.9 trillion won.

But with global smartphone growth evaporating, it needs to build up other major
businesses as competitors bring out new products.

"The mobile business is holding up well, but it's still questionable whether
this trend will be sustained over the coming quarters with more new devices in
the pipeline from rivals," said Lee Jae-yun, an analyst at Yuanta Securities Co.

The Korean technology giant hasn't been afraid to make bold investments in
advanced technologies and plants during a severe economic downturn. That has
helped it outrun competitors in Japan and combat Chinese producers as it rose to
the top of smartphones, chips and TVs.

Samsung had almost $23 billion of capital spending in 2015, the fourth straight
year capital spending topped $20 billion, according to data compiled by
Bloomberg. The company said in April it spent 4.6 trillion won in the first
quarter and annual spending could increase slightly.

OLED is one such example, with Samsung championing the screens as thinner,
brighter and less taxing on the battery compared to liquid-crystal displays. By
using the technology in its own Galaxy range, Samsung has become the biggest
producer for mobile devices.

The Galaxy S7 models popularity, with its curved display, is expected to have
continued into the second quarter, helping to bail out its mobile division from
a slump that has hit Apple and Chinese companies.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                             609 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             August 2, 2016 Tuesday

Galaxy Note 7 has an official gallery released by the company

LENGTH: 393  words


Samsung has released an official image gallery of Galaxy Note 7, so we'd like
you to check it out right here

With Galaxy Note 7 officially here, Samsung has done us all a favor by showing
off all of the different color models from its official image gallery. We'd
appreciate it if you took out the time and effort and viewed the different
smartphone models from a varied set of angles.

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery


From the hardware side, Samsung pointed out during the official announcement
that the company's designers and engineers were having difficulty in creating a
curved edge screen for users that would allow them to take advantage of the
S-Pen accessory as well as give them plenty of room to play around the display
with their fingers.

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

With careful precision, the dual curved edge came into being on a Galaxy Note 7
and its Super AMOLED QHD display is probably going to be the best display on
smartphones for 2016. The phablet does not come with 6GB of RAM as we were all
led to believe. The smartphone comes with 4GB of LPDDR4 RAM. A large amount of
RAM will definitely consume more battery life so it's a good thing that Samsung
kept its hand away for making upgrades that the average consumer would probably
not take advantage of.

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery


With 4GB RAM and an abundant number of software improvements, we are certain
that the company could leap huge distances with its Galaxy Note 7 the same way
it has with its Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge. There is a 3,500mAh battery
present, which is slightly smaller than the 3,600mAh capacity present in the
edge version of Galaxy S7, but it's still bigger than the cell present in Galaxy
Note 5. There isn't a dual rear camera present, but you still get the capable
12MP camera with an f/1.7 aperture.

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery


Like its predecessors announced earlier this year, Galaxy Note 7 too is going to
be announced in two chipset versions: Exynos 8890 and Snapdragon 820. The actual
release date of the smartphone is going to be August 19, and it is speculated
that the unlocked price tag of the smartphone will range between the $849-$949
mark. Do tell us if you enjoyed the official Galaxy Note 7 gallery or not.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             610 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                            December 28, 2015 Monday

Samsung plans production of 5.0m Galaxy S7 phones

LENGTH: 153 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Dec. 28 -- Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, the world's top smartphone
maker, plans an initial production run of about 5 million of its upcoming Galaxy
S7 smartphones, South Korea's Electronic Times reported on Monday, citing
unnamed sources.

The paper said Samsung is planning to launch two different versions of its new
flagship smartphone: a 5.2-inch flat-screen version, and a 5.5-inch,
curved-screen version that will be called the 'Galaxy S7 edge'. Samsung plans to
initially make 3.3 million of the flat-screen devices and around 1.6 million of
the curved-screen version, the report said, with plans to launch the handset in
February. A Samsung Electronics spokeswoman declined to comment on the report.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                             611 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                           November 17, 2015 Tuesday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Rumors point to premium 4K version of the Samsung Galaxy S7

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 274 words


As already seen with the Sony Xperia Z5, Samsung's next flagship phone could
have a 4K display plus a whole range of new components, according to leaks
posted on China's Weibo social network which have been picked up by the
international specialist press.

Just like the Samsung Galaxy S6, which is available in the classic version plus
the Edge (curved screen) and Active (unbreakable) variants, the South Korean
tech giant's future benchmark model is expected to be launched in several forms
with varying degrees of sophistication. The most powerful of them, a "Premium
Edition" initially reserved for the Asian market, could have a 4K display as
well as a 14-core processor and a dual-sensor camera module developed by Sony.

In addition to official content, users will be able to impress their friends
with their own creations in ultra-high definition. Note that Samsung is already
said to be working on an 11K screen, meaning an exceptional resolution of
2250ppi, bearing in mind that the current high-end phones rarely get above
500ppi.

As for the classic version of the future Galaxy S7, which will be available
worldwide, it is expected to include a QHD display, an Exynos octo-core
processor and its principal camera could also have two sensors.

The Galaxy S7 could be unveiled in February 2016 at the Mobile World Congress in
Barcelona, Spain, as was the case for its predecessor in 2015. The Galaxy S6
seems reasonably strong with its metal body, but it has neither a removable
battery nor the option of adding a microSD card. The S6 Edge is characterized by
its curved screen on both its right and left edge, a first on the smartphone
market.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2015 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                             612 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                              July 17, 2016 Sunday

Top 10 brands for UAE consumers in 2016 revealed

LENGTH: 1146 words


This year's rankings explore the major reasons that make these names tick among
UAE residents

Cleofe Maceda, Senior Web Reporter

Dubai: Emirates airline has earned the most positive buzz among consumers in the
UAE this year, knocking off electronics giant Samsung and internet heavyweight
Google, a global market research firm announced on Sunday.

With its continued ambitious expansion and creative marketing and advertising,
the UAE's home-grown carrier has topped the 2016 Mid-Year Best Brand rankings by
YouGov, which regularly reviews more than 400 names in the consumer market
place.

"The past six months saw the airline continue a high profile sponsorship
strategy. It also caused a stir celebrating its football partnerships with six
clubs and seven football themed aircraft take-offs in one day," YouGov says.

Taking the second spot is mobile messaging platform WhatsApp, which has recently
earned a boost in popularity after opening up its services to businesses this
year. Occupying the third position is another tough brand to beat Samsung, which
created some buzz in the Middle East with the launch of Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge.

A clear social media favourite, Facebook secured the fourth place, ahead of
Apple in the fifth. Rounding off the rest of the top ten are YouTube, Emaar,
Google, Etihad Airways and iPhone.

YouGov regularly measures the popularity of consumer brands using its BrandIndex
Buzz score and by asking respondents, "If you've heard anything about the brand
in the last two weeks through advertising, news or word of mouth, was it
positive or negative?" Each brand was assigned buzz scores ranging from 100 to
negative 100, with a zero score indicating equal positive and negative feedback.

Both WhatsApp and Samsung are non-movers in the latest ranking, while Facebook
climbed two places higher and Apple slipped one place. YouTube inched up one
place and Emaar moved two positions higher. Google, on the other hand, dropped
three places, while Etihad and iPhone also slipped two positions down.

YouGov further explains the reasons that make the ten brands tick among UAE
consumers:

(1) Emirates

Emirates remains the buzziest brand in the UAE. The past six months saw the
airline continue a high profile sponsorship strategy including elevating its
sponsorship of the ATP World Tour to premier status. It also caused a stir
celebrating its football partnerships with six clubs and seven football themed
aircraft take-offs in one day. 2016 also saw the popular airline launch a brand
new global advertising campaign aimed at showcasing its inflight experience to
consumers.

(2) WhatsApp

WhatsApp. 2016 saw the highly popular mobile messaging platform open up its
service to brands allowing notifications to be exchanged between customers and
companies. Dubai Municipality subsequently launched its very own WhatsApp number
to receive images, videos or messages from concerned residents which was
promoted on Facebook.

(3) Samsung

Samsung continued to create some buzz with the launch of its new Galaxy S7 and
S7 Edge smartphone. Despite copycat reports in the wake of iPhone's seemingly
similar "Shot on iPhone" campaign, the world's largest smartphone manufacturer
launched its "Captured on the Galaxy S7" campaign and appears to have
successfully engaged consumers in the quality of its Galaxy video footage shot
in 4K Ultra HD. The brand also took to print advertising to showcase its new
'Samsung-Soak out the mess' washing machine campaign centered around the concept
of how easy it is to dirty one's clothes.

(4) Facebook

The social media giant has been linked to exciting developments in virtual
technology with Samsung in 2016 to date and was quoted to have 120 million
monthly active users in the Middle East and North Africa (Mena) in February
2016. YouGov had earlier reported that the social media platform is the most
regularly used by 82 per cent of residents in the UAE.

(5) Apple

After the successful launch of its first flagship stores in the UAE towards the
end of 2015, Apple chief executive Tim Cook caused a stir in the Mall of the
Emirates with a personal visit to the brand's Dubai-based store in May 2016. Two
new Apple stores have also opened at the Dubai Duty Free (DDF) in Dubai
International Airport, in 2016 representing the largest-ever Apple outlets in
travel retail.

(6) YouTube

Continuing to increase its user base significantly in the Arab world, not least
due to the magnetism of smartphone viewing, it is increasingly appealing to
businesses to connect with their consumers. 2016 saw Dubai One TV launch their
first dubai ON demand (dONd) channel on YouTube bringing English language
lifestyle content to the small screen. The video online platform also launched
the first edition of The Lantern, the first award to recognize the most
impactful commercials offered by the advertisers in the MENA region during the
month of Ramadan.

(7) Emaar

A string of exciting developments announced by the property developer have
dominated the media in 2016 including The Tower at Dubai Creek which is reported
to be 100 metres taller than the Burj Khalifa, currently the tallest tower in
the world, on completion. Despite the fire-hit Address Hotel in Downtown Dubai
hitting the media on New Year's Eve 2015, the brand's reputation has not been
dented and looks to remain strong with first quarter profits reported to be up
22 per cent in 2016.

(8) Google

Google teamed up with local hospitality business Jumeirah to launch "Jumeirah
Inside," a Google street-view experience that travels through 23 Jumeirah
hotels. The brand also launched Ad Words Express with YouTube to help SMB's in
the UAE to start advertising online easily. Women@Google also reached MENA - an
employee resource group comprising female Googlers committed to providing
networking and professional development and a sense of community to Googler
women across 27 countries.

(9) Etihad Airways

The airline continues to connect with consumers with the theme 'Flying
Reimagined'. It released a brand new 360-degree fully immersive short film
featuring Nicole Kidman in 2016 to provide potential customers with a "real
experience"' of the Airbus A380. The film is part of a comprehensive campaign to
promote the piece via social and digital display, with custom Google Cardboard
headsets being distributed at conferences and events.

(10) iPhone

Apple reported its flagship smartphone sales were responsible for its first
quarterly decline in a decade. However the launch of the new iPhone SE in the
Emirates together with the re-launch of its global "Shot on iPhone" advertising
campaign across 25 countries including the UAE could help the brand create more
buzz. The campaign featured photos from the Emirates' very own residents. With
the largest ever Apple outlet in travel retail now also open at Dubai
International Airport iPhone remains one to watch for the second half of the
year.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2016 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             613 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Business Times Singapore

                            February 26, 2016 Friday

Stylish tech;
The Mobile World Congress may be known as a tech geek haven, but make no
mistake; the event, held from Feb 22 to 25 in Barcelona, Spain, unveiled some
mobile gadgets that look great on the inside and out.

BYLINE: Natalie Koh , Stylish tech

SECTION: DESIGN; Lifestyle

LENGTH: 915 words


Huawei Matebook
(US$699-US$1,599)

"STYLE" and "Huawei" aren't quite words you utter in the same breath, but that
bias could change once you lay your hands on its new 12-inch, Windows 10
Matebook.

Rather than follow the predictable footsteps of other brands launching their new
smartphones at the Mobile World Congress (MWC) in Barcelona, Spain, Huawei
raised eyebrows with Matebook, which works as a tablet and laptop.

The aluminium unibody features a sleek design with no unsightly seams. It
doesn't heat up as easily as a plastic body, which means a longer lifespan for
the processor and battery.

At just 6.99mm thick, with a weight of 640g, it's also thinner and lighter than
Microsoft's 8.45mm-thick Surface Pro 4, which weighs 766g.

A thin device like this means sacrifices - there are no ports. You'll need its
all-in-one MateDock (US$89) as an accessory, which includes USB ports, an
Ethernet jack and an HDMI port. The dock is compact and easy enough to carry
around, and comes in a leather case that matches the Matebook cover-cum-keyboard
(US$129).

There's also the nifty Matepen (US$59), an elegant stylus which triples as a
laser pointer and presentation clicker. With 2,048 levels of pressure, the
Matepen is incredibly sensitive - the screen senses the stylus without them even
touching.

Powered by a 6th Generation Intel Core m-series processor and a solid-state hard
drive with capacity of up to 512GB, the Huawei Matebook also packs a powerful
punch.

The Huawei Matebook was created as "a sum of details", says Henry Hsu, chief
operating officer, consumer business, group, Southern Pacific region, for Huawei
Technologies.

"We believe we are the new thing - what we call the dynamic premium. Meaning we
listen to our customers. . . We put in the best in everything we can have, and
because we do that, words like craftsmanship and usability come up."

The MateBook will be available in Asia, Europe and North America in the coming
months.

Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge
(US$998 & US$1,098)

THE brand that is synonymous with digital style did not disappoint. At the South
Korean brand's unpacking event on Feb 21, they "unboxed" the new 5.1-inch
Samsung Galaxy S7 and 5.5-inch S7 edge on a platform with walls that literally
opened up before the audience.

A close-up of the device was unveiled via a Virtual Reality (VR) show, viewed
through their Gear VR, a headset developed with tech company Oculus VR. When the
audience removed their headsets, who else but Mark Zuckerberg, CEO of Facebook
which bought Oculus VR for US$2 billion in 2014, showed up to make a surprise
keynote speech to support Samsung's VR efforts. An opening like that was bound
to raise expectations for the product itself, and Samsung easily stepped up to
the plate.

The audience ogled the 32GB device's beautifully contoured outer covers, with
glass and metal meeting seamlessly on the sides. One feature to note is the
rear-facing camera, which is almost level with the back of the phone.

While Samsung has been criticised for a lack of innovation with its MWC
offerings, users would appreciate the insertion of a microSD card slot, giving
you the option of expanding memory size to up to 200gb. They've also managed to
make the phone water resistant, despite the added slot. The devices will be able
to withstand a depth of 1.5m for up to 30 minutes.

New features include a more user-friendly edge panel, an Always-On Display, and
a dual pixel camera sensor for shooting in low-light conditions.

The Galaxy S7 4G+ and Galaxy S7 edge 4G+ will be available in Singapore from
March 12.

LG G5
Price to be announced

TECH fair or playground? It was hard to tell at LG's space. A ball-shaped robot
rolled through a mini race course, while visitors queued up to try out LG's new
VR headset. Rows of tables displayed the features of the new LG G5 against a
lime green backdrop.

It was all part of what the South Korean brand called the LG Playground, a
"smartphone ecosystem" that revolves around the G5, its companion devices and
supporting programs.

Most impressive was the phone's modular design that allows you to transform the
G5 into a digital camera or music player by swapping out parts of the phone.

The smartphone also offers a wide-angle lens option on the 16mp back camera, and
an Always-on feature, so you can always view the time and notifications at a
glance.

Companion devices include the 360 VR, their compact VR headset; 360 CAM, a
360-degree camera; and the Rolling Bot, a spherical robot that can be controlled
with the G5 remotely to keep an eye on your home and control certain home
appliances.

There is no launch date for the LG G5 in Singapore yet.

Sony Xperia X Series
Price to be announced

THE Xperia Z series stayed in the background as the new X series - the Xperia X,
XA and the Asia-only X Performance - took centre stage.

Design-wise, the Xperia X is reminiscent of its previous phones but is still
visually appealing, with an incredibly thin bezel adding to the series'
aesthetics.

The Xperia XA is pretty much a scaled-down version of the Xperia X. The X boasts
an impressive 23mp camera and a 13mp secondary camera, with an auto-focus
technology that tracks moving objects. In turn, the XA has a 13mp camera on the
back and 8mp camera at the front, without the auto-focus tracking capability.

The X Performance was not on show at MWC, but is said to have a more powerful
Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor, as compared with the Xperia X's 650
processor.

The Xperia X series is expected to hit shelves in mid-2016.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Huawei raised eyebrows at the MWC with Matebook (above), which works as
a tablet and laptop.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             614 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

Small changes upgrade a Samsung;
Tech Fix

BYLINE: BRIAN X. CHEN

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 1195 words

ABSTRACT

Unlike its rival iPhone, Samsung burdens its devices with carrier bloatware and
inferior apps, but this is easily remedied.

FULL TEXT

Pity the poor Samsung smartphone.

Since the company's Galaxy smartphones were introduced seven years ago, Samsung
has tried its mightiest to make the devices stand out. The company has invested
an enormous amount to market the phones, and it has innovated on Google's
Android operating system used in the devices by adding quirky software features.
Many Galaxy phones have sold briskly, catapulting Samsung to the top spot in the
worldwide handset market.

But try as Samsung might, its smartphones always run into the same criticisms.
The gadgets are inferior to Apple's iPhones, which work seamlessly with the iOS
mobile software, some critics say. And while the hardware design of the Galaxy
phones - featuring large, vivid screens and high-quality cameras - wins
plaudits, the devices keep getting thumbs down for some of their junky software.

With two new flagship phones - the Galaxy S7 and the Galaxy S7 Edge, which were
released last week - Samsung is hoping to overcome those criticisms. The phones,
which cost roughly $700 to $800, are water-resistant, equipped with fast cameras
and capable of displaying virtual-reality apps and games through Samsung's
headset, the Gear VR. Samsung also loaded the new phones with about a third less
software than previous versions.

''We know that one thing that our users want is a little bit less software, and
we've made a serious effort with this device to include less,'' said Philip
Berne, a Samsung marketing manager.

I tested the new devices to come up with a few rules of thumb for how to get the
most out of Samsung's smartphones. In my tests, I still found the software on
the S7 phones to be a negative for what is otherwise superb hardware.

To get the most out of these fancy phones, consider disabling most of the
included software. Here are four easy steps for improving Samsung phones, which
I put together with the help of Florence Ion, a writer for Greenbot, a website
about Android-based products.

Disable carrier apps  Probably the most annoying aspect of Samsung devices is
their inclusion of inferior apps made by mobile carriers like Verizon Wireless
and AT&T, known in tech industry parlance as carrier bloatware. These include
apps like mapping or music services provided by the carriers, which are
generally unpopular.

Fortunately, most of the carrier-installed apps on Samsung phones can be
disabled. The apps included will differ from carrier to carrier, but generally
bloatware can be turned off and better alternatives downloaded.

Using the Verizon version of the S7 as an example, open the Apps folder and then
open the Verizon folder. Verizon apps one may want to disable include the
football app NFL Mobile, the music app Slacker Radio, the mapping app Verizon
Navigator and the messaging app Message+. Just press and hold down on these apps
and drag them to the button labeled ''Turn off.''

Ms. Ion said carrier-installed software was what annoyed her the most on the
Samsung phones, because it detracts from the appeal of Android, an operating
system made for customization.

''It's all about the ability to have the choice to do whatever the heck you want
with your phone,'' she said of the Android system. ''That's why I get so angry
about carrier bloat.''

After disabling those apps, replace them with better ones. In the Google Play
store, download these superior free apps: for messaging, the Messenger app by
Google; for mapping, the Waze app by Google; and for music, pick a favorite
music service, like Spotify or Pandora.

Install a launcher  On Android, the aesthetic of the interface - or the way the
home screen, folders and apps look - is called a launcher. Samsung's version is
named TouchWiz, and while the S7's version of TouchWiz looks a bit better than
previous ones, there are plenty of more attractive launchers.

Getting a new launcher is just like downloading an app. In the Google Play app
store, look up a launcher, download and install it. Ms. Ion named a few popular
ones like Action, which makes it easy to create shortcuts that activate
different functions inside apps; Nova, which enables deeper customizations; and
Google Now, which makes Android look the way Google intended.

I preferred the Google Now launcher. It makes the app icons look clean and
vibrant, and swiping to the left of the main screen displays a list of cards
with Google account data, including calendar, recent Amazon purchases and the
weather.

Replace some key apps  Apart from carrier apps on Galaxy phones, Samsung also
loads some of its custom-made software, like its calendar, voice assistant and
email app, on the devices. It also includes some software from partners like
Amazon and Google. (The Verizon version of the S7 includes four music apps, one
each from Samsung, Google, Verizon and Amazon.)

The Samsung apps aren't terrible, but because most Android users are tied to
Google services, consumers would benefit from installing the superior
Google-made alternatives for those apps: Google Calendar, Gmail and Google's
voice assistant.

For voice controls, Google's voice assistant is built into the Google app, which
is included on the Samsung phones, and can be configured to respond to ''OK
Google'' from any screen.

To use it, first disable Samsung's voice assistant. Inside the Samsung apps
folder, press and hold on the S Voice app, then select ''Turn off.'' Inside the
Google app, tap the rectangular tab in the upper-left corner, then ''Settings,''
then ''OK Google'' detection and swipe right on the option for ''From any
screen.'' From here, users can say ''OK Google'' and speak a command, like
''create a calendar event,'' and the voice assistant will react.

For email and calendar apps, simply download Google's versions through its Play
app store. They are far better designed and more tightly integrated with Google
services than Samsung's apps.

Swap out the keyboard  In my testing, I found Samsung's digital keyboard to be
imprecise and awkward for typing. There are plenty of better alternatives to
download through the Google Play app store.

Here again I would recommend Google's keyboard, which has auto-prediction, or
the ability to quickly predict intended words after a few keystrokes. It also
allows typing by swiping around the keyboard.

There's a downside to de-Samsungifying the Samsung phones. While most of the
included software from both Samsung and mobile carriers can be deactivated, some
apps cannot be removed without taking extreme measures to wipe out all the
software on the phone and replace it with a fresh install of Android, a method
called rooting or flashing. That process is not for the faint of heart.

That means a lot of apps included on the Samsung phones will linger inside
folders even after alternatives have been installed. Duplicates of some apps
will probably remain.

But the Samsung software is easy enough to ignore by creating shortcuts to what
you actually want. In the main apps folder, just drag and drop desired apps onto
the home screen. In the end, you will have a great Samsung phone with excellent
software.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             615 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Arab Finance

                             June 1, 2016 Wednesday

Givori transforms Samsung Galaxy S7 edge into refined luxury accessory

LENGTH: 425  words


Arab Finance: Luxury smartphone designer Givori has debuted its latest bespoke
creation for Android devices, the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 'Siena'. Givori is
renowned for transforming high-end mobile devices into luxury accessories,
customized with the finest craftsmanship and materials. The 'Siena' range is
defined by its understated elegance, finished in richly sienna-toned alligator
leather to add a layer of old world style and distinction, with the phone
encased in rose gold. The high-grade Mississippiensis alligator leather is known
for its exceptionally durable, softer, and suppler texture than traditional
crocodile leather.

One of the most highly sought-after raw materials by makers of luxury items,
alligator leather also boasts a smooth, three-dimensional feel, and a more
uniform scale pattern. With this refined style already coveted by iPhone
aficionados, the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 'Siena' is certain to pique the interest
of discerning enthusiasts for the Korean technology firm. The timeless designs
are available for USD 1,640 at Harvey Nichols - Dubai, Bloomingdales - Dubai,
select Damas jewellery boutiques, select Mohammad Rasool Khoory & Sons stores in
Abu Dhabi, Virgin Megastore Dubai and Qatar, as well as select Axiom Telecom
showrooms across the UAE and KSA. "Samsung's premium devices are leaders in
technology, style, and design, and command a loyal following among customers,"
said Layal Akouri, General Manager of Givori. "We lovingly enhance the device's
superb qualities, giving something more to those who appreciate design by adding
exquisite craftsmanship and timeless style. With the Givori 'Siena', the quality
speaks for itself, creating a naturally commanding presence in any setting."
Givori transforms today's most prized possession, the smartphone, into luxury
handwear by custom building each phone using the finest materials, from precious
metals and high-grade diamonds, to premium exotic leather and vintage rare
elements. All Givori customizations are meticulously handcrafted in Italy, the
UK, and Switzerland to create exclusive editions of some of the most popular
smartphones. Givori devices are coated with a nanotechnology film, applied to
combat oxidation, fingerprints and color fading, and also come with extensive
post-sales support, including one-year warranty on all software, cosmetic, and
jewellery elements. Customers can also avail Givori's free pick-up and delivery
service for phones that require repair in the first 12 months.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/195/598/83/146479058644.jpg



LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 598


                 Copyright 2016 Arab Finance Brokerage Company
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             616 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             August 21, 2016 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

GADGETS;
Rough and tumble phones for the adventurous, clumsy

BYLINE: CNET.com; Staff

SECTION: LIVING & ARTS; Pg. 0Z

LENGTH: 502 words


If you've dropped your phone on the hard cement or unknowingly dragged it into
the ocean at the beach, you understand the pain of losing a handset that wasn't
designed to withstand the elements. To avoid this the nexttime, CNET has
gathered some of our recent favorite devices that are waterproof, rugged or
both.

Motorola Droid Turbo 2

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

|The good: The Motorola Droid Turbo 2 has a tough screen that won't crack. Plus,
it has top-tier performance, solid battery life and the ability to design your
own phone at Motorola's website.

| The bad: The Turbo 2's camera lags behind the best you can buy, and the
shatterproof screen comes with some trade-offs. In the US, it's exclusive to
Verizon.

| The cost: $487.90 to $649.99

| The bottom line: The Verizon-exclusive Droid Turbo 2 delivers on its promise
of an uncrackable screen -- and it's a great all-around Android phone, too.

Samsung Galaxy S7 Active

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

| The good: The Galaxy S7 Active has extra long battery life and is resistant to
dust, water and drops. It has the same speedy performance, expandable storage
and excellent camera quality as the original S7.

|The bad: The bulky, plastic design feels cheap compared with the
glass-and-metal S7, and the phone is expensive.

| The cost: $794.99 to $829.99

| The bottom line: AT&T customers looking for a durableandhigh-endsmartphone
can't go wrong with the Galaxy S7 Active. Cat S60

CNET rating: 3.5 stars out of 5 (Very good)

| The good: The Cat S60 features a built-in thermal imaging camera. It can
consistently survive 6-foot drops onto concrete and can take a 16-foot dunking
into water. It has an expandable microSD card slot and loud front-facing
speakers.

| The bad: It's significantly thicker and heavier than other smartphones. The
thermal imaging feature while cool and fun, is mostly useless aside from some
specific cases.

| The cost: $669.26

| The bottom line: The Cat S60's durable build is impressive, but its appeal is
limited to those who can make good use of its built-in thermal imaging camera.

Sony Xperia Z5

CNET rating: 3.5 stars out of 5 (Very good) |The good: The Sony Xperia Z5 looks
good, has plenty of power, its camera can take some great snaps and it won't die
when you spill your drink on it.

| The bad: Only minor updates from its predecessor means it lacks the excitement
of its rivals. Its waterproofing no longer allows for full submersion, meaning
it can't be used for underwater photography.

|The cost: $399.99 (refurbished) to $450.00

| The bottom line: Even with strong specs befitting a high-end phone, the Sony
Xperia Z5 adds little over its predecessor to make it an exciting option over
rivals like the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge.

The following CNET staff contributed to this story: Associate Editor Xiomara
Blanco, Associate Editor Dan Graziano, Senior Editor Sean Hollister, Senior
Editor Andrew Hoyle and Senior Editor Laura K. Cucullu. For more reviews of
personal technology products, please visit www.cnet.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2016 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             617 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                       May 25, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Google's Eric Schmidt Has An iPhone!

LENGTH: 194  words


And he also says the Galaxy S7 is better

At Startup Fest in Amsterdam yesterday, CNBC reports, Eric Schmidt - CEO of
Google's parent company, Alphabet - confessed to having an iPhone 6s.

As CNET notes, it's hard to imagine Steve Jobs admitting to owning a Samsung
Galaxy. Even if he were to have bought one, which is even harder to imagine, we
might add.

But that's the thing: It's loftier to claim your products are the best and that
you don't want the competitor's products. It's smarter to claim that your
products are better while also saying you own a competitor's product.

You see, Schmidt didn't just say he has an iPhone: He said he also has a Samsung
Galaxy S7, and that it's better. "The Samsung S7 is better, has a better
battery. Are we clear?... And to those of you who are iPhone users, I'm right."

That's so much like Google and like Schmidt, and it's smarter: You can't say
your stuff is better if you don't use the other guy's products.

But then again, Schmidt was on the board of Apple at one time. He left because
he didn't like the conflict between Android and the iPhone.

It makes perfect sense, therefore, for Eric Schmidt to publicly compare the two.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             618 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                              July 5, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung Electronics set for best quarter in over 2 years on second quarter
smartphone boost

LENGTH: 459  words

DATELINE: Seoul


Seoul, July 5 -- Tech giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd is poised to issue
guidance for its best quarterly profit in more than two years, propelled by a
surge in mobile earnings on the back of robust sales of its flagship Galaxy S7
smartphones.


 The South Korean giant will disclose its estimates for second-quarter earnings
on Thursday, with analysts predicting a strong mobile division contributed to a
13 percent jump in operating profit from the same period a year earlier.
 The average forecast from a Thomson Reuters survey of 16 analysts tips Samsung
to report April-June operating profit of 7.8 trillion won ($6.8 billion), the
highest since an 8.5 trillion won profit in January-March of 2014.
 The mobile division of the world's top maker of smartphones and memory chips
was likely its top earner for the second straight quarter with a 4.3 trillion
won profit, according to the survey. Samsung surprised many with
better-than-expected first-quarter earnings, and issued guidance for a further
pickup in April-June.
 "Galaxy S7 sales are better than expected in the first half, and the
semiconductor business is also outperforming rivals," said KTB Asset
Management's Lee Jin-woo. The fund manager estimated the firm's quarterly
operating profit would also stay strong in both the third and fourth quarters at
between 7 trillion won and 8 trillion won in each.
 Samsung's smartphone business had been squeezed before the start of this year
between Apple Inc , at the high end of the market, and Chinese rivals like
Huawei Technologies in the budget segment. But the Galaxy S7 has provided a
catalyst for the earnings rebound, likely putting the mobile business on track
to record its first annual profit growth in three years.
 Some analysts say Samsung shipped around 16 million Galaxy S7s in April-June,
with a higher-priced curved-screen version outselling its flat-screen
counterpart and boosting margins. Lacklustre sales of offerings from rivals such
as Apple and LG Electronics <066570.KS> also helped reduced marketing expenses,
they said.
 "While operating profit margins for the mobile phone business will decline in
the third and fourth quarters as the Galaxy S7 effect fades, operating profit
will continue to grow on an annual basis," Korea Investment & Securities said in
a report.
 As its smartphones thrive, Samsung's chip business - last year's key profit
driver - probably saw quarterly profit sink to its lowest in nearly two years
due to weak demand from makers of other smartphones and personal computers.
 But signs of some price recovery for DRAM chips starting last month and
Samsung's dominance in the premium solid-state disc drive market with its 3D
NAND chip production technology suggest a pickup in coming months, analysts
said.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             619 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                              July 5, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung Electronics set for best quarter in over 2 years on second quarter
smartphone boost

LENGTH: 459  words

DATELINE: Seoul


Seoul, July 5 -- Tech giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd is poised to issue
guidance for its best quarterly profit in more than two years, propelled by a
surge in mobile earnings on the back of robust sales of its flagship Galaxy S7
smartphones.


 The South Korean giant will disclose its estimates for second-quarter earnings
on Thursday, with analysts predicting a strong mobile division contributed to a
13 percent jump in operating profit from the same period a year earlier.
 The average forecast from a Thomson Reuters survey of 16 analysts tips Samsung
to report April-June operating profit of 7.8 trillion won ($6.8 billion), the
highest since an 8.5 trillion won profit in January-March of 2014.
 The mobile division of the world's top maker of smartphones and memory chips
was likely its top earner for the second straight quarter with a 4.3 trillion
won profit, according to the survey. Samsung surprised many with
better-than-expected first-quarter earnings, and issued guidance for a further
pickup in April-June.
 "Galaxy S7 sales are better than expected in the first half, and the
semiconductor business is also outperforming rivals," said KTB Asset
Management's Lee Jin-woo. The fund manager estimated the firm's quarterly
operating profit would also stay strong in both the third and fourth quarters at
between 7 trillion won and 8 trillion won in each.
 Samsung's smartphone business had been squeezed before the start of this year
between Apple Inc , at the high end of the market, and Chinese rivals like
Huawei Technologies in the budget segment. But the Galaxy S7 has provided a
catalyst for the earnings rebound, likely putting the mobile business on track
to record its first annual profit growth in three years.
 Some analysts say Samsung shipped around 16 million Galaxy S7s in April-June,
with a higher-priced curved-screen version outselling its flat-screen
counterpart and boosting margins. Lacklustre sales of offerings from rivals such
as Apple and LG Electronics <066570.KS> also helped reduced marketing expenses,
they said.
 "While operating profit margins for the mobile phone business will decline in
the third and fourth quarters as the Galaxy S7 effect fades, operating profit
will continue to grow on an annual basis," Korea Investment & Securities said in
a report.
 As its smartphones thrive, Samsung's chip business - last year's key profit
driver - probably saw quarterly profit sink to its lowest in nearly two years
due to weak demand from makers of other smartphones and personal computers.
 But signs of some price recovery for DRAM chips starting last month and
Samsung's dominance in the premium solid-state disc drive market with its 3D
NAND chip production technology suggest a pickup in coming months, analysts
said.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             620 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                              July 5, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung Electronics set for best quarter in over 2 years on second quarter
smartphone boost

LENGTH: 459  words

DATELINE: Seoul


Seoul, July 5 -- Tech giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd is poised to issue
guidance for its best quarterly profit in more than two years, propelled by a
surge in mobile earnings on the back of robust sales of its flagship Galaxy S7
smartphones.


 The South Korean giant will disclose its estimates for second-quarter earnings
on Thursday, with analysts predicting a strong mobile division contributed to a
13 percent jump in operating profit from the same period a year earlier.
 The average forecast from a Thomson Reuters survey of 16 analysts tips Samsung
to report April-June operating profit of 7.8 trillion won ($6.8 billion), the
highest since an 8.5 trillion won profit in January-March of 2014.
 The mobile division of the world's top maker of smartphones and memory chips
was likely its top earner for the second straight quarter with a 4.3 trillion
won profit, according to the survey. Samsung surprised many with
better-than-expected first-quarter earnings, and issued guidance for a further
pickup in April-June.
 "Galaxy S7 sales are better than expected in the first half, and the
semiconductor business is also outperforming rivals," said KTB Asset
Management's Lee Jin-woo. The fund manager estimated the firm's quarterly
operating profit would also stay strong in both the third and fourth quarters at
between 7 trillion won and 8 trillion won in each.
 Samsung's smartphone business had been squeezed before the start of this year
between Apple Inc , at the high end of the market, and Chinese rivals like
Huawei Technologies in the budget segment. But the Galaxy S7 has provided a
catalyst for the earnings rebound, likely putting the mobile business on track
to record its first annual profit growth in three years.
 Some analysts say Samsung shipped around 16 million Galaxy S7s in April-June,
with a higher-priced curved-screen version outselling its flat-screen
counterpart and boosting margins. Lacklustre sales of offerings from rivals such
as Apple and LG Electronics <066570.KS> also helped reduced marketing expenses,
they said.
 "While operating profit margins for the mobile phone business will decline in
the third and fourth quarters as the Galaxy S7 effect fades, operating profit
will continue to grow on an annual basis," Korea Investment & Securities said in
a report.
 As its smartphones thrive, Samsung's chip business - last year's key profit
driver - probably saw quarterly profit sink to its lowest in nearly two years
due to weak demand from makers of other smartphones and personal computers.
 But signs of some price recovery for DRAM chips starting last month and
Samsung's dominance in the premium solid-state disc drive market with its 3D
NAND chip production technology suggest a pickup in coming months, analysts
said.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             621 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                           February 16, 2016 Tuesday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Leaked video of Samsung Galaxy S7 shows waterproof, wireless charging smartphone

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 119 words


A leaked video destined for Indonesia firms up rumors that Samsung's next Galaxy
S7 smartphone will be waterproof and feature wireless charging.

A week before its official unveiling at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, an
unlisted video spot by Samsung has been making the rounds on the internet.

Indonesian archer Dellie Threesyadinda stars in the ad and shows off the
features of the upcoming phone, placing it on a wireless charging pad and using
it during a downpour.

The Galaxy S7 also features a dual-edged display.

A website launched in Indonesia also hints at increased security and privacy;
improved voice recognition capabilities; and low-light photography.

Watch the teaser at https://youtu.be/EHaxUZPyomg.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2016 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                             622 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                New Delhi Times

                              July 1, 2016 Friday

Samsung sells Galaxy S7 phones that aren't tied to carrier

LENGTH: 173  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, July 1 -- Samsung will sell unlocked versions of its flagship Galaxy
S7 phones in the U.S. so consumers can switch carriers more easily.

Although two-year service contracts are now rare, consumers are instead stuck
with two-year installment plans and cannot take a phone to a rival until it's
paid off.

Unlocked phones have no such restrictions. They are also free of
carrier-specific apps for messaging, video and other tasks, though Samsung still
adds several beyond the standard version of Android from Google.

Samsung's Galaxy S7 will sell for $670, and a model with a curved side screen
called Edge will go for $770. The prices are cheaper than Verizon, AT&#38;T and
T-Mobile, though more expensive than Sprint. You pay the phone's full price
rather than monthly installments.

Credit : Associated Press (AP) | Photo Credit : (AP)

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Delhi Times. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 New Delhi Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             623 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                                  July 1, 2016

LENGTH: 513  words


Samsung sells Galaxy S7 phones that aren't tied to carrier

NEW YORK -- Samsung will sell unlocked versions of its flagship Galaxy S7 phones
in the U.S. so consumers can switch carriers more easily.

Although two-year service contracts are now rare, consumers are instead stuck
with two-year installment plans and cannot take a phone to a rival until it's
paid off.

Unlocked phones have no such restrictions. They are also free of
carrier-specific apps for messaging, video and other tasks, though Samsung still
adds several beyond the standard version of Android from Google.

Samsung's Galaxy S7 will sell for $670, and a model with a curved side screen
called Edge will go for $770. The prices are cheaper than Verizon, AT&T and
T-Mobile, though more expensive than Sprint. You pay the phone's full price
rather than monthly installments.

Spanish tax inspectors search Google office in Madrid

MADRID -- A Madrid court says it authorized tax inspectors to enter Google's
offices in Madrid as part of a tax department investigation.

A Google statement on Thursday says the company is cooperating with Spanish
authorities and that it complied with Spain's fiscal legislation as it does in
all countries where it operates.

It was not immediately possible to get comment from Spain's tax agency.

Leading newspaper El Pais and other media outlets said the searches at two
Madrid offices were part of a tax evasion probe.

The complex tax arrangements of Google and other tech firms have come under
increasing scrutiny in many European countries in recent years. French police
raided Google's French headquarters in May as part of a similar investigation.

Google Calendar outage leaves users frustrated

MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. -- Google says it expects to have Google Calendar up and
running normally following widespread reports of an outage.

Google said Thursday that users had been seeing "server error" messages when
opening the app. It later said that service had been restored for some users
already and it expected a resolution for all users in the near future.

Exasperated users took to Twitter to voice their frustration during the outage
for the popular scheduling service. One user noted that Google Calendar going
down "is like a snow day for adults."

Eurozone inflation back above zero in June, but still low

FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) -- The annual rate of inflation in the 19 countries that
use the euro rose to 0.1 percent in June from below zero, but is still far short
of official targets.

The Eurostat statistical agency said Thursday that a recent pick-up in oil
prices helped push the reading up from minus 0.1 percent in May.

The European Central Bank remains far from achieving its goal of inflation just
under 2 percent, considered consistent with a strong economy. The bank has cut
its benchmark interest rate to zero and is pumping 1.74 trillion euros ($1.94
trillion) of newly created money into the banking system, steps that should
increase inflation.

The eurozone economy grew 0.6 percent in the first quarter but remains burdened
by high unemployment and debt in some countries.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             624 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                             March 11, 2016 Friday

Device wars: Will the Galaxy S7 revive fortunes for Samsung's smartphone
business?

SECTION: DEVICES; News

LENGTH: 594 words



HIGHLIGHT: Analysis: Rival Apple has announced an event for 21 March.


On 11 March, Samsung released the Galaxy S7, following claims by the South
Korean electronics vendor that its pre-order volumes have beaten its predecessor
the Galaxy S6.

According to CEO J.K. Shin, quoted in Reuters, the firm expects the S7 to sell
better than the S6.

Growth is slowing in the smartphone sector. Gartner research revealed that
growth in the sector has recently slowed to 2008 levels. The number of
smartphones being shifted has still increased, from roughly 1.2 billion in 2014
to 1.4 billion in 2015.

Globally, the number of people planning to buy a new smartphone has fallen to 48
percent in 2016. This represents a 6 percent fall from the figure in 2015 and a
9 percent drop from the peak in 2014.

For total sales of smartphones in 2015, Samsung was the biggest seller,
according to figures from Gartner. However, it saw its market share decline by
2.2 percent.

Samsung will be hoping that the S7 will be a big seller after the S6 saw
disappointing take-up, taking several months to clock up 10 million sales. By
July 2015, the company announced that it had seen a 38 percent year-on-year fall
in sales in its mobile division.

But Samsung's pattern of over-projecting and under-delivering has continued for
several years now. The S5 shipped only 12 million units by July 2014 after an
April launch, according to a Wall Street Journal report, four million fewer than
the 16 million Galaxy S4 handsets shifted in the same period in 2013.

Sources told the Wall Street Journal that over 2014 sales of the S5 were 40
percent lower than Samsung had projected.

To address these issues, Samsung has tried to make its new device more than
simply a sleeker version of the S6. The S7 introduces wireless charging
technology as well as bringing back durability features such as IP68 water
resistance that had been missing from the S6. A slot for an SD card has also
been reintroduced.

Samsung's strategy in terms of its device launches differs strongly from
high-end device rival Apple.

Apple tends to launch new generations of the iPhone every two years at September
events, meaning that the iPhone 7 isn't due until September 2016.

Instead, the company uses the odd years to launch expanded additions to the
current generation of iPhones: usually the 'S' models.

Apple has announced a launch event for new devices on 21 March, where rumours
are circling (usually fairly accurate) that the event will see the launch of a
smaller iPhone 6 and a new iPad Air.

Part of Samsung's problem is that many customers are moving over to iPhones, and
part of it comes from competitors within the Android family.

"For Samsung to stop falling sales of premium smartphones, it needs to introduce
new flagship smartphones that can compete with iPhones and stop the churn to iOS
devices," said Anshul Gupta, research director at Gartner.

Within the Android market, Chinese vendor Huawei's smartphone sales approached
104 million units, up 53 percent year over year, the Gartner figures revealed.

Apple sold 225.9 million iPhones in 2015, achieving a market share of almost
15.9 percent compared to 15.4 percent the previous year.

Samsung's mobile strategy is now, according to a statement from the company, to
"focus on strengthening the competitiveness of its software, along with
hardware, services and wearable products."

Aside from smartphones, Samsung is seeing better performances in its components
divisions, so these may play a role in its future performance.

The S7 could be the saviour for Samsung or it could be another disappointment,
but Samsung is obviously hoping for big things.



LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             625 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mercury (South Africa)

                             April 08, 2016 Friday
                                   E1 Edition

S7 gives Samsung edge over its rivals

BYLINE:  Jungah Lee |Seoul

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 589 words


Samsung Electronics posted a better-than-expected first-quarter profit after the
early release of Galaxy S7 smartphones gave it a head start on Apple and Chinese
rivals and helped counter an industry downturn.

Operating income rose to 6.6 trillion won (R86 billion) in the three months
ended March, the company said in preliminary results released yesterday. That
compares with the 5.53 trillion won average of analysts' estimates compiled by
Bloomberg.

Samsung debuted its high-end smartphones in March, about a month earlier than
last year, with sales of the S7 line-up estimated to have hit 9 million units
during their first month - triple those of the S6 in the same time frame.
Production of curved displays for its Edge version went more smoothly this time,
avoiding the hiccups that plagued last year's wraparound screen line.

"The biggest reason for the sharply improved profitability is largely due to
much lower marketing spending," Yoo Eui Hyung, an analyst at Dongbu Securities
in Seoul, said. "The faster release surely helped but it's dubious whether the
S7 can continue to surprise the market in the longer run."

Shares rose 0.6 percent to 1.29 million won as of 9.02am in Seoul, extending
this year's advance to 2.6 percent. The stock declined for a third consecutive
year in 2015.

Sales were 49 trillion won in the quarter, Samsung said, compared with the 48.8
trillion won analysts expected.

Most of Samsung's revenue was in phones. However, smartphone sales in 2016 were
expected to rise by a single-digit percentage for the first time, according to
Gartner.

Operating profit at the mobile unit probably rose 19 percent to 3.25 trillion
won in the first quarter, according to the median estimate of six analysts
surveyed. The popularity of the S7, as well as a refreshed portfolio of cheaper
Galaxy models, such as the A and J series, have given the division's earnings a
shot in the arm.

Cost cutting

Samsung is continuing to reduce the number of phones in its line-up as it tries
to cut spending and focus on competitive devices. Total smartphone shipments for
the first three months were estimated at 78 million, compared with 82 million
units during the peak holiday quarter, according to four analysts surveyed by
Bloomberg.

Operating income at the semiconductor business probably fell about 15 percent to
2.5 trillion won in the first quarter on sales of 11.5 trillion won, according
to the analyst survey. The S7's introduction did little to boost earnings at
that unit because it came with few significant chip upgrades.

The unit had been Samsung's main driver of profit since 2014, when it began
shifting its focus toward chips and displays to offset declining phones and TVs.
But persistent price declines mean it may have again been surpassed by the
cellphone business.

To revive margins, the Galaxy maker started mass production of more advanced
dynamic random access memory (DRAM) from February. Its new process shrinks
circuit widths, which reduces the size of the chip, to produce more from each
slice of silicon wafer and boost profit.

The company's display division probably posted an operating loss of 160 billion
won, according to the Bloomberg survey. The slower-than-expected pace, at which
Samsung was moving to advanced LCD production technologies, was also hurting the
business.

Foxconn Technology Group's takeover of Sharp might take a toll on South Korean
display makers in the longer haul. The Taiwanese group agreed to take control of
Sharp, intensifying competition in a Samsung-led market. - Bloomberg

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NM


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             626 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

Samsung vows to stick with Note brand

LENGTH: 285 words


[THE INVESTOR] Amid Samsung Electronics' ongoing efforts to recover from the
ongoing Galaxy Note 7 fiasco, the Korean smartphone maker has signaled that it
is would not ditch the Note brand next year.

Announcing a new compensation program for the Note 7 users on Oct. 24, the
company said it would offer a 50-percent indirect discount for current Note 7
users on their purchase of the firm's new flagship phones, including "the Galaxy
S8 and Galaxy Note 8."

Samsung said participants in the new program would have to buy the S7 and the S7
Edge first, and then they can replace their handset with the S8 and Note 8 when
the new flagship phones are released next year.

The participants will have to pay 12-month installments of the S7 or the
curved-screen variant on a two-year contract and the tech giant will cover the
remaining installments.

Following a series of explosion reports and the phone's ultimate withdrawal from
the market, speculation had been raising that Samsung could ditch the Note brand
to improve its brand image and restore consumer trust.

The company is recalling about 2.6 million units of the phone globally,
including 1.9 million in the US, 500,000 in Korea and 190,000 in China, by the
end of this year.

There have been a total of 96 reports of explosion and fire in the US, while
five incidents have been reported in Korea.

Samsung is still struggling to find the exact cause of the phone's explosion. In
the first recall issued in September, the company blamed faulty batteries made
by Samsung SDI for the exploding phones. But after even replacement devices with
new batteries caught fire, the company decided to suspend sales and production
of the phone early this month.

By Kim Young-won (

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             627 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            October 24, 2016 Monday

Samsung vows to stick with Note brand

LENGTH: 285 words


[THE INVESTOR] Amid Samsung Electronics' ongoing efforts to recover from the
ongoing Galaxy Note 7 fiasco, the Korean smartphone maker has signaled that it
is would not ditch the Note brand next year.

Announcing a new compensation program for the Note 7 users on Oct. 24, the
company said it would offer a 50-percent indirect discount for current Note 7
users on their purchase of the firm's new flagship phones, including "the Galaxy
S8 and Galaxy Note 8."

Samsung said participants in the new program would have to buy the S7 and the S7
Edge first, and then they can replace their handset with the S8 and Note 8 when
the new flagship phones are released next year.

The participants will have to pay 12-month installments of the S7 or the
curved-screen variant on a two-year contract and the tech giant will cover the
remaining installments.

Following a series of explosion reports and the phone's ultimate withdrawal from
the market, speculation had been raising that Samsung could ditch the Note brand
to improve its brand image and restore consumer trust.

The company is recalling about 2.6 million units of the phone globally,
including 1.9 million in the US, 500,000 in Korea and 190,000 in China, by the
end of this year.

There have been a total of 96 reports of explosion and fire in the US, while
five incidents have been reported in Korea.

Samsung is still struggling to find the exact cause of the phone's explosion. In
the first recall issued in September, the company blamed faulty batteries made
by Samsung SDI for the exploding phones. But after even replacement devices with
new batteries caught fire, the company decided to suspend sales and production
of the phone early this month.

By Kim Young-won (

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             628 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                            March 16, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung ups mid-range ante with A7 upgrade

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 471 words


The Samsung Galaxy A7 (2016) is the South Korean company's bid at conquering the
mid-range phone market, which is chock-full of serious, competitively priced
contenders like the Oppo R7s and the Sony Xperia M4 Aqua.

At $698, it hovers at the higher end of the price spectrum. The R7s and the
Xperia M4 Aqua - which both use the same Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 processor as
the Galaxy A7 - cost $599 and $498 respectively.

But what that extra hundred dollars or two gets you is a handful of premium
features, like a fingerprint sensor and improved optical image stabilisation for
its camera.

The new Galaxy A7 is a definite upgrade over the 2015 model, released at the
beginning of last year.

While the phones look similar, with a 5.5-inch screen and a glass-and-metal
body, the 2016 version has a fingerprint sensor, more RAM and support for the
Samsung Pay mobile payment service.

TECH SPECSPRICE: $698

PROCESSOR: Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 octa-core 1.6GHz

DISPLAY: 5.5-inch, 1,080-by-1,920 pixels

OPERATING SYSTEM: Android OS v5.1.1

CAMERA: 13-megapixel, f/1.9, 28mm (rear) and 5-megapixel, f/1.9, 24mm (front)

MEMORY: 16GB of internal storage (expandable up to 128GB), 3GB RAM

BATTERY: 3,300 mAh

RATINGFEATURES: 3/5

DESIGN: 4/5

PERFORMANCE: 4/5

VALUE FOR MONEY: 3/5

BATTERY LIFE: 4/5

OVERALL: 4/5

It also comes with dual-SIM card slots, and battery life has been beefed up from
2,600 mAh to 3,300 mAh, which has upped the weight of the phone, from 141g to a
still-manageable 172g.

In the performance department, the Galaxy A7 holds up well with a solid
mid-range Qualcomm Snapdragon 615, a 1.6GHz octa-core processor, at its core.

It will not be winning benchmark tests any time soon, but it is more than enough
to make daily tasks buttery smooth, with no noticeable lag when running multiple
apps. Barring hardcore mobile gamers, it will be more than enough for most
users.

The 13-megapixel primary camera benefits from an optical image stabilisation
system, which compensated well for my shaky hands. The camera also handles
distortions at the edges of the frame competently, with little warping, and has
accurate colour reproduction.

It does not have the widest field of view compared to a phone like the Galaxy
S7, and I find myself having to step back more than normal to fit everything
into the frame.

The body of the phone has a premium look, with very narrow bezels and gently
bevelled edges. In some ways, it feels better in the hand than Samsung's
flagship Galaxy S7 phone, as the A7 has a bigger screen and a thinner body:
5.5-inch and 7.3mm, versus the S7's 5.1-inch and 7.9mm.

Because of the bigger screen, though, it has a pixel density of only 401 ppi,
compared to the 577 ppi of the S7.

This is not very obvious when watching videos. But when reading crisp text, it
is clear that the A7's screen is not as high-end.

Lisabel Ting

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The new Samsung Galaxy A7 boasts some premium features, such as a
fingerprint sensor and improved optical image stabilisation for its camera. It
also scores in the looks department. But the phone costs more than its
competitors such as the Sony Xpreria M4 Aqua.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             629 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                                October 27, 2016

Chinese Smartphone Makers Take Share From Apple, Samsung

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: CLICK

LENGTH: 545 words


http://www.investors.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/CLICK02_phone_102716_newscom
.jpg

Chinese smartphone manufacturers came on strong in the third quarter, grabbing
market share from Samsung and Apple (AAPL).

Worldwide smartphone shipments rose 1% to 362.9 million units in Q3. But the top
two vendors both lost ground to Chinese upstarts, research firm IDC said late
Wednesday.

No. 1 vendor Samsung shipped 72.5 million smartphones in Q3, down 13.5% year
over year. Samsung's market share declined to 20% from 23.3% a year earlier as
it was stung by the recall of its fire-prone Galaxy Note 7 handset. IDC excluded
Galaxy Note 7 shipments from its totals.

"The continued success of the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge helped (Samsung) maintain
volumes in Q3 despite the recall and negative publicity of the Note 7 fiasco,"
IDC said in a report. "Outside of Samsung's flagship S7, the more affordable
J-series of devices continued to steadily drive volume in both developed and
emerging markets with flagship-styled devices across various price points and
display sizes."

No. 2 vendor Apple shipped 45.5 million iPhones in Q3, down 5.3% from a year
earlier. Its market share dipped to 12.5% from 13.4% over the same period, IDC
reported.

Apple was aided by the Sept. 16 release of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

IBD'S TAKE: Outside of Apple, the only way for investors to play the smartphone
market is to invest in component suppliers. One such company, chipmaker
Broadcom, is on the IBD 50 list of top stocks.

After Samsung and Apple, the largest smartphone vendors in Q3 were Chinese
vendors Huawei (9.3% market share), OPPO (7%) and Vivo (5.8%), IDC said.

Huawei, OPPO and Vivo sell handsets with top-shelf features at a fraction of the
cost of those from Samsung and Apple, IDC said.

"Phones like the OPPO R9 and the Vivo X7 have become serious competitors in
China and are also witnessing mild success in Western Europe thanks to new
athletic sponsorships across various countries," IDC said. "Whether or not these
brands can make an impact in the U.S. market remains to be seen, but success
will be crucial if aspirations of growth are a top priority."

On a year-over-year basis, Huawei increased its smartphone unit shipments by
23%. OPPO and Vivo grew at a triple-digit pace, up 121.6% and 102.5%,
respectively, in Q3, IDC said.

Huawei's Honor brand found success with the new V8 handset. The midtier device
sold well both in and outside of China.

Huawei has a strong brand in Europe and has done well with its P8 and P9
devices, where it is taking share from Samsung and Apple with competitive specs
at lower prices, IDC said.

Huawei is now focused on the U.S. It is planning a New York unveiling of its
next Mate series flagship phone (Mate 9) in early November.

Research firm Strategy Analytics in a report Thursday estimated that global
smartphone shipments rose 6% year over year to 375.4 million units in Q3.

It ranked the top five smartphone vendors as Samsung (20.1% market share), Apple
(12.1%), Huawei (9%), OPPO (5.8%), and Vivo (4.9%).

Apple fell 1% to 114.48 in the stock market today after losing more than 2%
Wednesday following its Tuesday night earnings report.

RELATED:

Apple Seen Riding iPhone 8 'Supercycle' Next Year

Teens Stoked About iPhone 7, But GoPro Is So Yesterday

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             630 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   City A.M.

                              July 8, 2016 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Samsung Electronics tips best profit in more than two years

BYLINE: SE YOUNG LEE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 154 words


TECH giant Samsung Electronics said yesterday its second-quarter operating
profit likely rose 17.4 per cent from a year earlier, its highest in more than
two years as Galaxy S7 smartphone sales propelled mobile earnings.

The world's number one maker of smartphones and memory chips said in a
regulatory filing its April-June profit was likely 8.1 trillion won (£5.4
billion), better than the average forecast of 7.8 trillion won tipped by a
Thomson Reuters survey of 16 analysts. This was the highest since a 8.5 trillion
won profit in the first quarter of 2014.

"Firm Galaxy S7 sales and growth in sales of mid- to low-tier smartphones have
strengthened the mobile division's market power and profitability, underscoring
the recovery in the company's smartphone competitiveness," Eugene Investment &
Securities said in a report ahead of the earnings guidance.

Samsung will not disclose detailed results until late July.

Reuters

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sales of the Galaxy S7 smartphone have helped quarterly profits to
rocket

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CAM


                            Copyright 2016 City A.M.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             631 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                    Trak.in

                      September 5, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Samsung Offers Samsung Galaxy S7 As Replacement For Recalled Note 7 Owners in
the US

BYLINE: Abhishek Joshi

LENGTH: 411  words


Samsung's flagship product, Galaxy Note 7, has been in the limelight for quite
some time owing to multiple battery failures around the world. Some people have
claimed that the battery exploded out of the blue while some say the phone went
blank dead.

This is a very serious issue which Samsung seems to have taken up in the right
spirit. The company has issued a statement that all the 2.5 Million Note 7
pieces sold worldwide will be recalled to replace the batteries with fresh ones.
The company also says that nearly 1 in 42 devices has faulty battery.

"There was a tiny problem in the manufacturing process, so it was very difficult
to figure out. It will cost us so much it makes my heart ache. Nevertheless, the
reason we made this decision is because what is most important is customer
safety," said Koh Dong-jin, President - Samsung Mobile business.

There have already been 35 instances of the phone blowing up and the company
cannot at any cost put its customers' lives in danger because of one
manufacturing defect. Such recalls are not unknown of but this is definitely the
first time for such a famous flagship product from Samsung.

Samsung will offer S7 to Note 7 owners

To mend the damage already done by Note 7, Samsung is offering its customers
with an option to swap Note 7 with the S7 series. The company will start the
process in a week or so and the customers will be able to swap Note 7 for either
the S7 or the S7 Edge.

"The US carriers have already halted sales and offered ways for customers who
have already purchased the device to get refunds. Now Samsung has announced its
own exchange programme, which will provide customers with a new device as soon
as next week," a report by Verge said.

US customers will also get a credit of $25 on their phone bill or a $25 gift
card. The sales of the phone have been stopped immediately and the company did
not comment on when it will be made available to the public again.

Halting sales of a flagship product indefinitely can cause some serious
financial troubles to the company, also a time when Apple is going to unveil the
new set of iPhones on September 7. Apple is taking full advantage of this by
activating its Twitter account just before the event.

To remind you, Samsung Galaxy Note 7 was launched in for Rs. 59,990, but is
unavailable for purchase online in India. The smartphone series is famous for
its stylus and large display, along with nifty features like biometric scanner
and edge display.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 Trak.in, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             632 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                             March 20, 2016 Sunday
                              AdvertiserTV Edition

Taking a bite at success

BYLINE: Jennifer Dudley-Nicholson

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 587  words


The S7 Edge will keep Samsung ahead of the pack, writes Jennifer
Dudley-Nicholson

GALAXY S7 EDGE SAMSUNG ***** $1249, samsung.com/au YOU can spill water on this
phone, drop it in the sink, rinse it under a tap, dunk it in a pool or just
watch its screen glow underwater. Rest assured we've already done that. And the
phone survived.

Samsung not only brings back water resistance in the Galaxy S7 Edge but improves
it. What's more, it does so just as owners of the last water-loving Samsung
phone emerge, Ursula Andress-style, from their two-year contracts. It isn't the
only thing to appreciate about this seriously smart update, however. Samsung has
laid out some compelling reasons why Galaxy users should reinvest and Apple
iPhone users should reconsider their allegiances.

WATER, BABY If you sully this IP68 phone with pizza fingers, you can simply
rinse it clean under a tap. It will survive in up to 1.5m of water (up from 1m
in the Galaxy S5) and you don't need to plug its ports to protect it as they are
protected by internal rubber seals. And, given it will survive being submerged
for 30 minutes, you have time to fetch gloves before retrieving it from the
toilet.

THE MORE-WITH-LESS CAMERA Controversially, the resolution of the GS7 Edge camera
has shrunk from 16 to 12 megapixels. It's genuinely surprising, then, just how
much better it is.

Side by side, it is brighter, focuses closer and faster than the Apple iPhone 6S
camera. It's better in low light, better at tracking focus and it offers a more
accurate white balance, darker blacks and better contrast than before. At the
heart of this improvement is the largest phone camera aperture available (at
f1.7), larger pixels (at 1.44 microns) and a new style of autofocus called Dual
Pixel that is more commonly seen in DSLR cameras. There is a trade-off, however.
It only captures full-resolution photos in 4:3 format and users must drop down
to 9.1 megapixels to fill the phone's entire screen.

BATTERY After a day of normal use, we still had 70 per cent battery power by
7pm. This phone is slightly thicker and heavier than the last model, but the
trade-off is a 3600mAh battery that is 38 per cent bigger than its predecessor
and 30 per cent bigger than an iPhone 6S Plus.

OTHER FEATURES Expandable memory is back in this phone and you can add a MicroSD
card up to 200GB in size, plus its curved screen edge now delivers two rows of
app shortcuts and other options such as a news feed, tasks and location-based
shortcuts. The GS7 Edge uses a faster octa-core chip and 4GB RAM to keep Android
Marshmallow rolling, and it supports LTE Category 9 that offers up to 450
megabit download speeds. It also offers an Always On Display that shows a clock
on its otherwise blank screen, as well as wireless charging, a water-cooling
system to make the most of mobile gameplay, and it can be used with upcoming
wireless payment services. It does not, however, bring back the infra-red
blasting, TV control of the GS5 and, to get the curved screen, you must invest
in 5.5-inch Edge model rather than the 5.1-inch GS7.

VERDICT From its strange love of water to its fast-focusing camera, there are
plenty of reasons to switch to Samsung's latest smartphone.Bringing back water
resistance and expandable memory should appease Samsung GS5 loyalists, while
other smartphone users could be swayed by its low light-loving, phase-detection
camera that treats darkness like an old friend. This is one of the smartest
smartphone updates and one that will give Apple plenty to ponder.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Advertiser


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             633 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                              July 15, 2016 Friday

Samsung to sell Galaxy S7 Edge Olympic Games Edition in S. Korea

LENGTH: 192 words


[THE INVESTOR] Samsung Electronics said on July 15 that it will launch the
Galaxy S7 Edge Olympic Games Edition in South Korea on July 18 in celebration of
the Rio Olympic Games.

The company has set the price at 1,067,000 won (US$ 943). The sales will begin
at 10 a.m. exclusively on its online store, the company said.

The phone features Olympic Games design with the five official colors of the
Olympic Rings, around the phone and on the key apps.

"We produced the limited edition version with full wishes that South Korea
players perform to their best ability at the Olympics Games," said an official
of the company.

A VR gear headset will come with the Galaxy S7 edge package, and Gear IconX will
be offered to 100 randomly selected purchasers, the company said.

As the official Olympic partner in the wireless communications equipment
category, the tech giant said it will deliver 12,500 of the limited edition
smartphones and Gear IconX to all Rio Olympic Games players to help communicate
with their friends and families outside Brazil.

The limited edition will also be launched in other countries including Brazil,
the US, Germany and China.

By Park Yuna (

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             634 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                  June 5, 2016

Buyer's Guide

BYLINE: Stephen Errity

LENGTH: 1025 words



HIGHLIGHT: With yet another new generation of smartphones on the shelves,
there's a lot for buyers to think about. Stephen Errity takes a closer look at
these recent arrivals in what remains a highly competitive market

HTC 10

Price: From [#x20ac]129 depending on contract

The HTC 10 has a slimmer, more slender look than previous HTC offerings, with
its full glass front merging seamlessly into the metal body. Both the front and
rear camera feature optically stabilised, larger aperture f/1.8 lenses, while
the rear gets faster laser autofocus and the front a wide-angle lens and screen
flash. The HTC 10 also features 4K video capability, 24-bit stereo recording and
excellent playback quality, whether through headphones or the built-in speakers.

The manufacturer claims the quad HD display is 30 per cent more colourful and 50
per cent more responsive to touch than its predecessor, so even small, fast
finger movements track precisely.

At the heart of the HTC 10 is a Qualcomm Snapdragon processor with enhanced 4G
LTE, as well as a feature the manufacturer calls Boost+, designed to make the
phone faster, consume less power and provide effective security and application
management. Finally, a standard rapid charger promises up to 50 per cent charge
in just 30 minutes.

Samsung Galaxy S7

Price: From [#x20ac]199 (Three) or [#x20ac]179.99 (Tesco) depending on contract

Unveiled in February, the Galaxy S7 is Samsung's latest smartphone heavyweight.
In common with several other recent smartphone releases, it majors on camera
improvements, boasting what Samsung is calling the first Dual Pixel camera on a
smartphone.

This promises to deliver brighter and sharper images, even in low light, thanks
to a brighter lens with wider aperture, a bigger pixel, faster shutter speed and
a more accurate autofocus. Additionally, a new camera mode called Motion
Panorama brings movement to the now familiar panoramic photos.

The Galaxy S7 also promises fast wired and wireless charging, while a hybrid SIM
card tray allows users to insert a microSD card for up to 200GB of additional
storage. Samsung says it's also made significant hardware and software updates
to optimise the gaming performance of the S7: a powerful processor and bigger
battery capacity ensure longer playing time, while an internal cooling system is
said to prevent the device from overheating.

Sony Xperia X

Price: From [#x20ac]29 depending on contract

Arriving this summer, Sony's next-generation Xperia X series smartphone features
the latest in camera, and battery technology, wrapped in a very stylish design.
The phone's camera promises sharp focus for even spur-of-the-moment shots,
thanks to a 'Predictive Hybrid Autofocus' feature that lets you choose your
subject and then predicts its motion, so you can capture action without blur.

The Xperia X also features smart battery management to offer up to a claimed two
days' battery life, as well as adaptive charging technology to prolong the life
of the battery overall. Processing power is taken care of by a Qualcomm
Snapdragon 650 in the standard Xperia X and a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 in the
more powerful Xperia X Performance.

The Xperia X, Xperia X Performance and Xperia XA will be available in four
finishes; White, Graphite Black, Lime Gold and Rose Gold.

Both the X and the X Performance have a curved glass display within a rounded,
continuous frame, while the Xperia XA has an edge-to-edge display.

Microsoft Lumia 650

Price: From free depending on contract

Launched in mid-February, the Lumia 650 is particularly suited for business use.
Microsoft says it works seamlessly with its various IT platforms, while the
phone also includes robust built-in security features and one-click Office 365
set-up. The latest mobile versions of Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook and
OneNote are built in and fully optimised for touchscreen use. Users' Microsoft
apps and services are also synchronised across Windows 10 devices thanks to
Microsoft OneDrive.

The 650's five-inch HD OLED display promises to be visible even in direct
sunlight, while the phone packs 16GB of internal memory into a lightweight,
6.9mm frame. The built-in SD card slot, meanwhile, can be used to expand the
memory by up to 200GB. There are also front (5MP) and rear (8MP) cameras.

Huawei P9

Price: From free depending on contract

Already available on Vodafone and launching on other networks from this month
onwards, the Huawei P9 was created in collaboration with camera brand Leica.
Huawei says the dual-lens P9 "takes smartphone photography to the next level"
and is ideal for capturing both vivid colour and striking black and white
images.

The phone's RGB camera specialises in capturing colour, while the monochrome
camera focuses on acquiring picture detail. The two rear cameras work in tandem
to capture detail, depth and Huawei says the H9 is particularly adept at
low-light conditions. The phone also features 'Hybrid Focus', with focus based
on three methodologies -- laser, depth calculation and contras. It automatically
selects the one that yields the best result in any given environment.

Outside, the P9 is made from superior-grade glass and aerospace-class aluminum,
with diamond-cut edges.

Key technical aspects include a 5.2-inch 1080p display, a Kirin 955 2.5GHz
64-bit processor, a high-density battery and a 'virtual triple antenna' to boost
connectivity. Security, meanwhile, is taken care of by biometric
fingerprint-recognition technology.

Apple iPhone SE

Price: From free depending on contract

For those who want much of the performance and features of the latest iPhone 6s,
but in a more compact form, Apple has come up with the iPhone SE. The brand says
it's the most powerful phone with a four-inch display, boasting the same 64-bit
A9 chip as the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, as well as a 12-megapixel iSight camera
capable of capturing Live Photos and 4K video, plus Touch ID with Apple Pay.

Apple says the iPhone SE offers wifi up to three times and LTE up to 50 per cent
faster than the iPhone 5s, the look of which it strongly recalls. The SE runs
iOS, with the familiar suite of apps such as Messages, FaceTime, Photos, Music
and Maps.

Finally, a new Night Shift feature uses the phone's clock and geolocation to
automatically adjust the colours in the display to the warmer end of the
spectrum after dark -- something Apple says may help you get a better night's
sleep.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Post Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             635 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

ClassAction.com Attorneys File Lawsuit Against Samsung For Exploding Galaxy S7
Edge

LENGTH: 444  words


(PRWeb) - Morgan & Morgans ClassAction.com has announced that the firm has filed
a product liability lawsuit (case number: BER-L-6537-16; Superior Court of New
Jersey, Bergen County) against Samsung on behalf of Daniel Ramirez, a
23-year-old man from California. The complaint alleges that on the morning of
May 30, 2016, at the Campus Book and Supply Store in Akron, Ohio for a
construction project in the scope of his employment for National Property
Solutions Group (NPSG), Mr. Ramirezs Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge cell phone exploded
and caught fire in Mr. Ramirezs pants  burning directly through his boxers and
pants and engulfing Mr. Ramirezs leg in flames.

The explosion allegedly cause extensive damage to Mr. Ramirez, including but not
limited to second degree burns to his right thumb and index finger as well as
second and third degree burns to his right upper leg. Mr. Ramirez was
transported to Akron Childrens Hospital, where he was, according to court
documents, treated for extensive burns; which included a significant skin graft
injury to his right leg.

Mr. Ramirezs cell phone, according to the complaint, was completely charred and
destroyed as a result of the explosion. (The complaint includes photos of the
charred S7 Edge.)

Although Mr. Ramirez was able to remove the cell phone, he was unable to quickly
remove his pants and boxers because the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge cell phone
ignited his pants and melted them to his leg leaving Mr. Ramirez in shock and
extreme pain, the complaint states.

The complaint, filed by Morgan & Morgan, claims that as a result of Samsungs
negligence, Mr. Ramirez sustained severe, permanent and life-altering injuries
including but not limited to his groin, legs, and lower back and is currently
undergoing extensive physical therapy.

Mr. Ramirez seeks damages for medical bills, pain and suffering, and physical
and financial harm. (The full amount of those damages has yet to be determined.)

The complaint states that Mr. Ramirez heard a whistling and screeching sound and
noticed his pockets vibrating and moving around, as well as thick smoke
ascending from his pocket.

The complaint also alleges that Samsung delayed rollout of all of its [Galaxy
Note] phone related devices in response to various reports on social media
showing charred and burnt phones as a result of explosions from the battery.

Only two weeks later, the complaint continues, Thursday, September 1, 2016,
SAMSUNG representatives released an official statement explaining that they were
ceasing all sales of the Samsung Galaxy Smartphone and issuing a global recall
as a result of reports of 35 faulty phone batteries. 2016 Legal Monitor
Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             636 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                             July 7, 2016 Thursday

Samsung beats market expectations

BYLINE: By Lee Min-hyung

LENGTH: 438 words


Outlook positive on strong demand for Galaxy S7

Samsung Electronics posted 8.1 trillion won ($7.57 billion) in operating profit
in the three months to June, up 17.4 percent from a year earlier, driven by
robust demand for its flagship handset Galaxy S7.

In its earnings guidance, the company said its sales came in at 50 trillion won,
up 3.01 percent from a year ago. The electronics giant will unveil a breakdown
of its divisional performances later this month.

Its operating profit is the largest in about two years and beats the market
consensus of about 7.3 trillion won by a large margin.

This is the first time that Samsung's quarterly operating profit topped 8
trillion won since the first quarter of 2014 when it posted 8.49 trillion won.

'The strong popularity of the Galaxy 7 models and brisk sales of flash memory
chips were key factors behind the stronger-than-expected second quarter
results,' a company official said.

The combined shipment of the Galaxy S7 is estimated at some 16 million in the
quarter.

Samsung hopes to continue to maintain the momentum by launching a new Galaxy
Note series early next month.

Samsung Electronics' chip division, led by 3D NAND flash memory chips, also
contributed to the strong quarterly growth, analysts said. The chips, mainly
used by corporate clients, have drastically improved memory production
efficiency, compared to existing ones.

Analysts are upbeat about the outlook for the third quarter on increased
shipments of chips and the launch of the Galaxy Note 7.

'We expect its operating profit at 8.4 trillion won in the third quarter and 8.7
trillion won in the fourth on strong demand for NAND chips,' said Hi Investment
& Securities in a report.

Analysts are also positive about the company's stock price. Samsung Electronics
closed at 1,450,000 won, up 2.04 percent, lifted by the earnings surprise.

Still, the company's IT and mobile communications (IM) unit may face tougher
threats from Chinese handset makers and Apple in the third quarter, said Mirae
Asset Investment analyst Doh Hyun-woo.

'Apple's iPhone 7 and Chinese rivals may dent Samsung's mobile division in the
third quarter,' he said.

Daishin Securities analyst John Park said slower sales growth reflects slowing
growth in the overall smartphone division and a slowdown in television
shipments.

Park said a rebound of the won against the dollar in the second quarter also
brought down its sales in terms of the local currency.

'The average won-dollar exchange rate in the second quarter was 1,163 won, down
from 1,200 won in the January-March period, which we believe is another factor
for the narrow sales growth,' he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             637 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   City A.M.

                             August 9, 2016 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Galaxy Note 7: Samsung's best chance to pip Apple to the post

BYLINE: Arjun Kharpal

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 470 words


SAMSUNG versus Apple is one of the fiercest mobile tech rivalries ever and, with
the right timing and its latest "phablet" device, the South Korean giant may
have found the right formula to steal customers from the iPhone maker.

Last week, Samsung released the Galaxy Note 7, a 5.7 inch "phablet" that comes
with an S Pen stylus. It's the company's latest high-end premium device that
packs some top features, such as an iris scanner to unlock the smartphone, a
curved edge screen, and the impressive camera technology showed off with the
Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge earlier this year.

Analysts have hailed the device as an example of how the company can remain at
the leading edge of innovation. The Note 7 will "act as a premium showcase which
will improve Samsung margins, [and] define how Samsung's strategy differs from
Apple and Huawei," analysts at IHS said.

Now Samsung has chosen to release this in the summer at its own event -- instead
of a major consumer electronics show in Europe as is the custom. The timing is
key as it comes just a month before Apple is expected to unveil the iPhone 7.
Apple has recently been struggling with declining iPhone sales and, if the leaks
are anything to go by, the iPhone 7 could be a lackluster launch with nothing
really to make it stand out. There will be plenty of iPhone users who bought the
iPhone 6, are coming to the end of a two year contract and are now looking at an
upgrade. If Samsung gets the marketing right on this one, it could manage to
poach Apple customers looking for a standout device.

UBS noted last week that there are 200m iPhone users yet to upgrade to a large
screen, and Samsung could go after this group as well. After all, large-screen
devices are one of the fastest-growing segments in the smartphone market, while
the broader industry slows down.

The Note 7 may be Samsung's best chance in a long time to make a dent in Apple's
customer base. For years the Cupertino colossus has seen sales of its
money-maker rising while Samsung lost its way with the Galaxy S5. Now with the
South Korean company's revamped portfolio of top-range smartphones in the S7, S7
Edge and Note 7, the tables have turned.

It will by no means be an easy battle. Speak to any long-time Apple user and
they will say the idea of switching from iOS to Android is daunting, even though
it's not that hard. And that's what Apple has done so well - lock users into its
software ecosystem of iTunes, Apple Music, Apple Pay and the rest of its
www.services.No wonder it has become its fastest-growing segment in terms of
revenues.

But if Samsung can break the shackles of Apple's ecosystem, it has the chance to
wrap users in its own world of smartphones, virtual reality, payments and
wearables. All eyes are now on Apple and the iPhone 7.

£ Arjun Kharpal is tech reporter on www.CNBC.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CAM


                            Copyright 2016 City A.M.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             638 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                              May 5, 2016 Thursday

Samsung Gear VR: Virtual reality just got real

BYLINE: Sudhir Chowdhary

LENGTH: 706  words


Technology can be bewildering at times. Imagine standing on top of the Eiffel
Tower in Paris and having a 360 degree aerial view of the entire city. Or, for
that matter, standing on one of the towers of the Golden Gate Bridge in San
Francisco and enjoying a splendid view of the blue ocean, or looking at the cars
crossing the suspension bridge. In real life, you might not be able to go up on
top of either of the towers, but virtual reality technology can let you enjoy
the viewing experience mentioned above. Put simply, it is like actually being
there.

Bringing this experience closer to the consumer is an innovative piece of
technology from the South Korean consumer electronics major, Samsung. It's
called the Samsung Gear VR which lets you enjoy a cinematic wide view, immersive
360 degree experience and realistic VR games. Put on the Gear VR, and you're
there in the moment. A crystal-clear AMOLED display, wide field of view, precise
head-tracking and low latency brings reality to the virtual. Just for a sample,
think of playing Temple Run in a 3D environment with all the exhilarating
running, jumping and sliding. Take my word, this Samsung headgear will redefine
mobile gaming.

The Samsung Gear VR (also referred to as Gear VR) is a head-mounted, virtual
reality device that provides an immersive experience for a wide range of users.
The South Korean firm developed the Gear VR with the virtual-reality startup
Oculus (now part of Facebook). It retails for R8,200 and works seamlessly with
Galaxy smartphones. It is compatible with Galaxy S7|S7 edge, Note5, S6, and S6
edge.

When you connect a mobile device to the Gear VR, you can enjoy 2D or 3D content
and play games by launching apps on the mobile device. At my end, I connected
the Gear VR to a Samsung Galaxy S7 edge and also synced in a Bluetooth headset
for a good audio experience. But do not put on the Gear VR when you are wearing
glasses; that is a mistake I committed and felt disoriented.

You don't have to be a geek to do the entire setup; even an ordinary mobile
phone user can do it. At my end, I was up and running within minutes of
unpacking the box. The product box will come with Gear VR, head strap, main
strap and user manual. I must insist the manual to be a must-read in order to
enjoy the device to its fullest. The Gear VR does not require charging as it is
powered using the mobile device's battery. After placing the straps firmly to
make it a safe head-mounted contraption, remove the front cover and insert the
mobile device into the centre of the Gear VR and gently push the device holder
to the left until the phone locks into place.

To use the Gear VR, you must manually install the Gear VR software. When you
connect the mobile device to the Gear VR for the first time, the software
installation will start automatically. After that, just follow the instructions
and it is done. The default VR apps are automatically installed. Follow the
on-screen instructions to create an Oculus account. When the software is
installed, the Oculus Store app will appear on the Apps screen on the mobile
device.

The touchpad is located on the right side of the Gear VR. Use the touchpad to
select items or to control the Gear VR. The Oculus Home screen is the starting
point for accessing apps and features. You can launch or download VR apps on the
Oculus Home screen.

Let me talk about the actual usage of the device. The best place to start your
Gear VR experience is not with a game but with the 360 Photos and Oculus video
demos which give you a feel of what virtual

reality is all about; some of these really stand out. I particularly enjoyed the
San Francisco tour photos and you can

almost feel the cold weather.

Gaming is another treat to indulge on the Gear VR. I downloaded some of the
popular ones, such as Temple Run, Titans of Space, and the overall experience is
excellent. The visuals are great the action works out brilliantly in 3D. This
sort of immersive virtual reality is mind blowing .

Overall, Gear VR is an impressive piece of technology with awesome viewing
experience. So what are you waiting for, slot in the phone, stick on the headset
and you're into your virtual reality experience. Highly recommended.

Estimated street price: Rs 8,200

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             639 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                    Trak.in

                      August 20, 2016 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Reliance Jio Extends 'Jio Preview Offer' To More Samsung and LG Phones!

BYLINE: Anand Karwa

LENGTH: 427  words


Reliance Jio is extending its preview offer to more devices now. Earlier the
offer was available only to flagship Samsung smartphones and HP users but now
the company has started offering its 'Jio Preview' offer to even the entry-level
Samsung phones and select LG smartphones.

Here is the full list of Samsung smartphone which are eligible for Jio Preview
Offer:

Samsung Galaxy A3, Galaxy A5, Galaxy A5 2016, Galaxy A5 Duos, Galaxy A7, Galaxy
A7 2016, Galaxy A8, Galaxy Alpha, Galaxy Core Prime, Galaxy Grand Max, Galaxy J
max, Galaxy J1 Ace, Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace, Galaxy J2, Galaxy J2 (2016), Galaxy
J2 Pro, Galaxy J3, Galaxy J5, Galaxy J5 (2016), Galaxy J7, Galaxy J7 (2016),
Galaxy K Zoom, Galaxy Note 3, Galaxy Note 4, Galaxy Note 5, Galaxy Note 5 Duos,
Galaxy Note 7, Galaxy Note Edge, Galaxy S 5 Plus, Galaxy S4, GALAXY S4 4G,
Galaxy S4, Galaxy S5 Neo, Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 Edge, Galaxy S6 Edge Plus, Galaxy
S7, Galaxy S7 Edge, Grand Prime, ON5, ON5 Pro, ON7, and ON7 Pro.

Reliance Jio Preview Offer Extended To LG Smartphones

Reliance Jio has also started offering its Jio Preview offer to select LG
smartphones which are K332 (K7 LTE), K520DY (Stylus 2), K520DY, H860 (LG G5),
K500I (X Screen), K535D (Stylus 2 Plus), LGH630D (G4 Stylus 4G), and LGH 442
(LGC70 Spirit LTE).

If you have one of the above listed Samsung or LG smartphone then follow the
below procedure for availing unlimited 4G internet, voice and video calls, SMS,
and free access to Jio Premium app under the Jio Preview offer:

* Install MyJio app from Google Play.

* Open MyJio app and tap on 'Get Jio SIM' on the top banner.

* Follow the on-screen instruction for generating the offer code.

* Take a screenshot of the offer code and take its printout.

* Visit your nearest Reliance Digital or Dx Mini store along with the required
documents (Original Proof of Address and its copy,Proof of Identity and its
copy, one passport size photograph), and the printout of the offer code to get a
Jio SIM.

* Please make sure that you carry the same handset from which you generated the
offer code with you.

* Follow the instructions given on this page for SIM activation.

We would not be surprised if this Reliance Jio preview offer is slowly extended
to other smartphone brands as well. We may soon see likes of Xiaomi, Lenovo,
LeEco and others in the mix as well.

Given the way Jio is approaching the market and grabbing market share - the
incumbent players will need to change their strategies (which we are already
seeing), if they want to contain the disruption Jio is causing in Indian telecom
market!

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 Trak.in, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             640 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            August 11, 2016 Thursday

OnePlus flaunts its Dash Charge technology in a video, days after OnePlus 3
launch

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 282 words


NEW DELHI: OnePlus introduced its Dash Charge fast-charging technology with the
launch of the OnePlus 3 smartphone earlier this year. But it looks like the
company is eager to take showcases its 'prowess' to a larger audience. Over a
month after the launch of OnePlus 3 , the company has posted a YouTube video
showcasing Dash Charge technology against that of the Galaxy S7.The YouTube
video posted on OnePlus' official channel shows the two handsets being charged
for an hour.

In first 30 minutes the Galaxy Note 7 is seen topping at 50% while the OnePlus 3
is seen at 64%. It is worth mentioning that both the flagships house a 3000mAh
battery. The Chinese company also claims that the OnePlus 3's Dash Charge
technology remains unchanged even when the display is turned on.In the second
round of 30 minutes, both the handsets are charged with their displays turned
on. In this test the Galaxy S7 stays at 23% while the OnePlus 3 with Dash Charge
is seen at 67%.It is not clear as to what made OnePlus flaunt its Dash Charge
fast-charging technology days after the launch of the flagship smartphone.
Although the margin is huge between the Galaxy S7's 23% and OnePlus 3's 67%, it
is worth mentioning that the former boasts of a faster processor, more RAM and
also packs a QHD display.OnePlus co-founder Carl Pei recently confirmed that the
company is not working on any OnePlus 3 Mini handset. The confirmation comes
after an unknown OnePlus handset appeared on GFXBench website. The smartphone
was widely speculated to be OnePlus 3 Mini. The rumour mill also claimed that if
the unknown device is either OnePlus 3 Mini or the next OnePlus X smartphone.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             641 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            October 14, 2016 Friday

South Korea: Samsung predicts further loss from Note 7 exit

LENGTH: 282 words


Text of report in English by South Korean news agency Yonhap on 14 October

Seoul: Samsung Electronics Co. said Friday [14 Oct] that the discontinuation of
the Galaxy Note 7 smartphone is expected to dent the company's operating profit
by additional 3.1b dollars over the next two quarters.

Samsung already slashed its estimate for third-quarter operating profit by 2.6
trillion won (2.3bn dollars), saying the revision in third-quarter earnings
guidance reflected "the direct cost from the discontinuation of the Galaxy Note
7 sales."

The latest projection for another mid-3 trillion-won (about 3.1b dollars) in
lost profit came as Samsung "expects the drop in revenue from the discontinued
sales to continue to have a negative impact on operating profit for the next two
quarters," Samsung said in a statement.

"The additional lost opportunity cost is estimated in the mid-2 trillion-won
range for the fourth quarter of 2016 and at approximately 1 trillion won for the
first quarter of 2017," the statement said.

All told, the entire financial impact, including recall expense, direct expense
and lost profit, is estimated to reach about 7 trillion won, according to market
watchers.

Samsung said it will make efforts to boost sales of its flagship Galaxy S7 phone
to reduce the financial impact of the Note 7's exit.

"Moving forward, Samsung Electronics plans to normalize its mobile business by
expanding sales of flagship models, such as the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge,"
it said.

"Additionally, the company will focus on enhancing product safety for consumers
by making significant changes in its quality assurance processes," Samsung said.

Source: Yonhap news agency in English 0107 gmt 14 Oct 16

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2016 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             642 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                            August 3, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung Electronics unveils new curved-screen Galaxy Note phone in H2 sales push

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 395 words


Samsung Electronics Co Ltd on Wednesday unveiled a new Galaxy Note smartphone
with a curved screen and iris-recognition technology, seeking to build on the
sales momentum that has helped it roar back to surging profit growth.

Samsung, the world's top smartphone maker, saw its January-June mobile profit
jump 49 percent from a year earlier, thanks to robust sales of its flagship
Galaxy S7 devices as well as a line-up overhaul that ditched unpopular models
for fewer but more attractive new mid-to-low tier products.

The South Korean firm is betting the new big-screen device - the Galaxy Note 7 -
will help sustain its mobile business revival through the second half, though
new launches from rivals like Apple Inc will likely steal some of the thunder.

Samsung is using a 5.7-inch, curved screen display for the Galaxy Note 7. The
new device employs a similar design to the Galaxy S series, but offers a larger
screen and functions involving a pen accessory. Grip on the device was also
improved to make it easier to be used with one hand.

The firm didn't disclose pricing, but said sales will begin in a first group of
markets on Aug. 19 without saying exactly where.

The new smartphone is a successor to last year's flat-screen Galaxy Note 5, but
the firm opted to skip a digit and give it the number 7 to make numbering
consistent with the latest version of the Galaxy S which began selling in March.

Researcher Strategy Analytics said the curved-screen Galaxy S7 edge was the
world's best-selling Android smartphone during the first half of this year.
Samsung hopes the new curved-screen Note phone will enjoy a similar appeal.

The Note 7 also features an iris scanner, allowing users to unlock the device
through the recognition of their eyes - the first such application for a Samsung
smartphone. The firm earlier this year announced a tablet device with the
feature for India.

The Galaxy Note 7 will also be compatible with Samsung Pay, a mobile payments
service that competes with Apple Pay, among others, which Samsung hopes will
help boost margins for its devices and set its products apart from other Android
phones.

Samsung also unveiled a new version of its Gear VR virtual reality headset with
upgraded features such as improved viewing angles. Company executives say
promotional activities pairing a VR device with the Galaxy S7 phones helped
boost sales this year.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                             643 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Himalayan Times

                             March 16, 2015 Monday

Smartphones to standout

BYLINE: HIMALAYAN NEWS SERVICE

LENGTH: 511  words


KATHMANDU: The much-awaited smartphones from Samsung - Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6
Edge are all set to debut in the Nepali market by mid-April. Similarly, Gionee
is also planning to introduce its latest offering - Elife S7 around similar
date. Both the mobile brands had unveiled their latest flagship phones at the
Mobile World Congress 2015 in Barcelona on March 1 and 2 respectively. Moreover,
Samsung Galaxy J1 will be launched within a week's time in the market. "We are
planning to launch Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge in the second week of April,
once it is simultaneously launched in around 20 different countries on April
10," said Dikesh Malhotra, President at Integrated Mobility Solutions. "One of
the most exciting features of the new Galaxy S6 is its camera, which has a
stellar specification going beyond the capabilities of any other smartphones
available," he claimed, adding that the smartphones are also better in terms of
design, processor and charging.

According to him, the standout feature of the Galaxy S6 Edge is its curve-edged
display, which is made from Corning Gorilla Glass 4. Both mobiles have 5.1-inch
screen and is powered by android OS, v5.0.2 (Lollipop) processor and comprise
quad 2.1GHz and quad 1.5Ghz. The handsets are packed with 3GB of RAM and either
32 GB, 64 GB or 128 GB of internal memory, powered by a non-removable 2550 mAh
battery in S6 and 2,600mAh in S6 Edge. According to him, Samsung J1, on the
other hand, is powered by android OS, v4.4.4 (KitKat) and has an internal memory
of 5GB and supports micro SD card up to 128GB. This dual-SIM handset has 5MP
primary camera and 2MP secondary camera. He informed that the tentative price of
Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge would be around Rs 85,000 to Rs 89000 and Rs 95,000 to Rs
99,000 respectively. Meanwhile, the price of Galaxy J1 will be around Rs 13,000.

"Gionee Elife S7 comes with 5.2-inch Super AMOLED screen and is probably the
first slimmest dual-SIM phone," said Samir Dhungana, Marketing Manager of
Teletalk. "The body of the phone has grooved sides which give it a U-shape and
make it comfortable to hold," he added. "We are optimistic about this
smartphones and hope to receive positive feedbacks from the customers," he said,
adding that they are planning to launch the upgraded version of E series mobiles
subsequently after the launch of Elife S7. "We will also bring various mid-range
mobiles in the market in near future," he notified.

It is powered by android OS, v5.0 (Lollipop) and has the internal memory of 16
GB, 2 GB RAM. In addition to being slim, stylish and super-fast, it is the most
powerful model yet. This high-end phone has aviation-grade alloy unibody design.
The phone features ultra-smart primary camera of 13MP and secondary camera of
8MP. One of the impressive features of this mobile is that the focus can be
changed after shooting pictures and its smart capture feature will allow users
to take selfies with gesture control.

Another of its outstanding features is that it has a zero degree camera angle.
The mobile also boasts of long battery life.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 Himalayan Times, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             644 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                           October 24, 2015 Saturday

Samsung Galaxy S7 debut likely in January

LENGTH: 219 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Oct. 24 -- Samsung is likely to announce its next Galaxy S7
smartphone in January. It would come in two processor versions: Premium and
Sub-Premium. The Premium version would represent an important value for
enterprise buyers seeking greater processing power for support of background
functions, such as encryption, without "grinding down" performance, said Phil
Hochmuth, an analyst at Strategy Analytics. "From a business perspective, the
premium version of the phone will very likely be the device corporate IT and
telecom managers will choose for corporate-liable deployments of
Samsung/Android, or for pre-approved lists of choose-your-own device (CYOD)
programmes," Hochmuth said. Samsung's reported two-version Galaxy S7 is "an
example of Android and Samsung in particular looking to challenge Apple in the
enterprise," Hochmuth added. Samsung's Knox security protections, its
partnership with Red Hat on enterprise apps and new security protections in
Android version 6.0 (Marshmallow), like 128-bit full-disk encryption, all point
to Samsung wanting to take on Apple for enterprises, he said.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                             645 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

Sprint Demonstrates Speeds of More Than 300 Mbps on Samsung Galaxy S7

LENGTH: 386  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Kansas: Sprint Corporation has issued the following Press release:



  Sprint (NYSE: S) today demonstrated speeds of more than 300 Mbps using the
Samsung Galaxy S7, one of the first devices on the market with hardware able to
support three-channel carrier aggregation capable of delivering real-world peak
speeds of more than 200 Mbps.





 Today Sprint uses two-channel carrier aggregation to deliver peak speeds of
more than 100 Mbps in more than 150 LTE Plus markets across the country. With
the availability of the Samsung Galaxy S7, Sprint and Samsung have begun testing
three-channel carrier aggregation to prepare for Sprint's future deployment in
Sprint's super-fast LTE Plus Network.



 Three-channel carrier aggregation is a feature of LTE-Advanced that bonds
together bands of spectrum to create wider channels and produce more capacity
and faster speeds on capable devices. Essentially it creates a wider lane that
allows more traffic to travel at higher rates. Today with two-channel carrier
aggregation Sprint uses 40MHz of spectrum on select 2.5GHz cell sites. With
three-channel carrier aggregation Sprint will utilize 60MHz of spectrum.



 "Our high-band 2.5GHz spectrum excels at moving high volumes of data at very
fast speeds. And while 60MHz of spectrum can deliver the kind of phenomenal
speeds shown today, we're just getting started," said Dr. John Saw, Sprint CTO.
"With holdings of more than 160MHz of 2.5GHz spectrum in the top 100 U.S.
markets, we have more capacity than any other carrier in the U.S. This is a
tremendous advantage, allowing us to keep adding the capacity and speed needed
to serve our customers' demand for data now and well into the future.
Two-channel carrier aggregation has already had a significant impact on our
network performance and we're excited to take it to the next level with
Samsung."



 Today Sprint is device testing three-channel carrier aggregation in its lab
located in Reston, Virginia, to evaluate overall performance, speed and
reliability using the Samsung Galaxy S7. The company expects to test new devices
as they become available in preparation for deployment of three-channel carrier
aggregation within the super-fast LTE Plus Network.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             646 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 16, 2016 Wednesday

Sprint Demonstrates Speeds of More Than 300 Mbps on Samsung Galaxy S7

LENGTH: 386 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Kansas: Sprint Corporation has issued the following Press release:



  Sprint (NYSE: S) today demonstrated speeds of more than 300 Mbps using the
Samsung Galaxy S7, one of the first devices on the market with hardware able to
support three-channel carrier aggregation capable of delivering real-world peak
speeds of more than 200 Mbps.





 Today Sprint uses two-channel carrier aggregation to deliver peak speeds of
more than 100 Mbps in more than 150 LTE Plus markets across the country. With
the availability of the Samsung Galaxy S7, Sprint and Samsung have begun testing
three-channel carrier aggregation to prepare for Sprint's future deployment in
Sprint's super-fast LTE Plus Network.



 Three-channel carrier aggregation is a feature of LTE-Advanced that bonds
together bands of spectrum to create wider channels and produce more capacity
and faster speeds on capable devices. Essentially it creates a wider lane that
allows more traffic to travel at higher rates. Today with two-channel carrier
aggregation Sprint uses 40MHz of spectrum on select 2.5GHz cell sites. With
three-channel carrier aggregation Sprint will utilize 60MHz of spectrum.



 "Our high-band 2.5GHz spectrum excels at moving high volumes of data at very
fast speeds. And while 60MHz of spectrum can deliver the kind of phenomenal
speeds shown today, we're just getting started," said Dr. John Saw, Sprint CTO.
"With holdings of more than 160MHz of 2.5GHz spectrum in the top 100 U.S.
markets, we have more capacity than any other carrier in the U.S. This is a
tremendous advantage, allowing us to keep adding the capacity and speed needed
to serve our customers' demand for data now and well into the future.
Two-channel carrier aggregation has already had a significant impact on our
network performance and we're excited to take it to the next level with
Samsung."



 Today Sprint is device testing three-channel carrier aggregation in its lab
located in Reston, Virginia, to evaluate overall performance, speed and
reliability using the Samsung Galaxy S7. The company expects to test new devices
as they become available in preparation for deployment of three-channel carrier
aggregation within the super-fast LTE Plus Network.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             647 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 15, 2016 Tuesday

Sprint Demonstrates Speeds of More Than 300 Mbps on Samsung Galaxy S7

LENGTH: 386  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Kansas: Sprint Corporation has issued the following Press release:



  Sprint (NYSE: S) today demonstrated speeds of more than 300 Mbps using the
Samsung Galaxy S7, one of the first devices on the market with hardware able to
support three-channel carrier aggregation capable of delivering real-world peak
speeds of more than 200 Mbps.





 Today Sprint uses two-channel carrier aggregation to deliver peak speeds of
more than 100 Mbps in more than 150 LTE Plus markets across the country. With
the availability of the Samsung Galaxy S7, Sprint and Samsung have begun testing
three-channel carrier aggregation to prepare for Sprint's future deployment in
Sprint's super-fast LTE Plus Network.



 Three-channel carrier aggregation is a feature of LTE-Advanced that bonds
together bands of spectrum to create wider channels and produce more capacity
and faster speeds on capable devices. Essentially it creates a wider lane that
allows more traffic to travel at higher rates. Today with two-channel carrier
aggregation Sprint uses 40MHz of spectrum on select 2.5GHz cell sites. With
three-channel carrier aggregation Sprint will utilize 60MHz of spectrum.



 "Our high-band 2.5GHz spectrum excels at moving high volumes of data at very
fast speeds. And while 60MHz of spectrum can deliver the kind of phenomenal
speeds shown today, we're just getting started," said Dr. John Saw, Sprint CTO.
"With holdings of more than 160MHz of 2.5GHz spectrum in the top 100 U.S.
markets, we have more capacity than any other carrier in the U.S. This is a
tremendous advantage, allowing us to keep adding the capacity and speed needed
to serve our customers' demand for data now and well into the future.
Two-channel carrier aggregation has already had a significant impact on our
network performance and we're excited to take it to the next level with
Samsung."



 Today Sprint is device testing three-channel carrier aggregation in its lab
located in Reston, Virginia, to evaluate overall performance, speed and
reliability using the Samsung Galaxy S7. The company expects to test new devices
as they become available in preparation for deployment of three-channel carrier
aggregation within the super-fast LTE Plus Network.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             648 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Himalayan Times

                             April 11, 2016 Monday

New treats for the New Year

BYLINE: Rebecca Shrestha

LENGTH: 430  words


Kathmandu: New Year definitely amasses anti-cipation from all. Each day is a
celebration and even more each year. Its significance is aligned with growth,
prosperity and new beginnings. With Nepali New Year upon us, one can imagine the
eagerness of Kathmandu denizens to start new along with popular smartphone
brands trying to meet their expectations.

The embargo and the earthquakes throttled the nation as the tech market also
took a dip last year; slowly but surely, it has picked up and now is more ready
than ever. Here are few brands who have come up with special offers, new
launches, and are all geared up for the New Year with high hopes.

Irresistible offer

Especially for the New Year, companies bring new and attractive offers for
customers. Similarly, Samsung Nepal has also invested a lot in schemes over the
years and they believe that this 'Haat Khali Najane' scheme will also bring good
sales this New Year season.

Samsung has a grand scheme for the Nepali New Year. Loaded with unlimited gifts,
the 'Haat Khali Najane' offer intends to please every buyer. The scheme ensures
that on the purchase of any Samsung smartphones of any series buyers will
receive a scratch coupon, which will not disappoint them at Samsung booths all
over.

According to Samsung Nepal, official national distributor of Samsung Mobiles,
"The market is back. With the recent launch of Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge, sales have
improved significantly compared to the last year."

But on the purchase of S7 or S7 Edge, it will require you to send an SMS
mentioning the serial number of the specific model to 5051. Upon meeting such
requirements exciting gifts such as leather bags, the Samsung level wireless
headphones and phone covers will be given out on the occasion of the New Year
while Galaxy S7 itself is the bumper prize.

A fresh start

Huawei has introduced its latest smartphone Y6 Pro in the market for the New
Year. Launched on April 10, the sleek yet powerful device is available at the
price tag of Rs 22,499. It is a high performing smartphone with a lasting
battery, and a treat to the eyes with a 5-inch HD IPS screen. The trendy, slim
phone is fully loaded with a Quad-core 64-bit processor a great camera to
capture all your greatest moments. It is definitely the perfect value for money
kind of product.

Summit Pradhananga, Marketing Manager at Huawei Techno-logies states, "The Y in
Y6 Pro itself signifies youth. For the price, the powerful RAM and quality of
functions are a perfect combination that targets youngsters," adding that
hopefully it will turn out to be successful as expected.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Himalayan Times, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             649 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                           October 15, 2016 Saturday
                               Australian Edition

Credits for Samsung customers

BYLINE: SUPRATIM ADHIKARI, TELECOMS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 421 words


Australian telcos in conjunction with Samsung are handing out sweeteners to
Galaxy Note 7 customers in a bid to prevent them switching to competitors.

Telstra, Optus and Vodafone are all giving customers who choose to recontract on
a Samsung device $250 of credit against their plan. Samsung has the Galaxy S7,
Galaxy S7 Edge, Note 5 and S5 devices in the local market.

The move follows similar measures taken by the world's top smartphone maker in
the US, where it is offering a $US100 credit for a carrier or retail outlet to
pass on to customers who switch to another Samsung device in -exchange for their
Note 7s.

The Note 7, one of the most -expensive smartphones in the market, was very well
received by consumers and seen as the leader in the "phablet" category.

While the S7 may not have the bigger screen of the Note 7, it does share most of
its features and Samsung is hoping that might be enough to placate customers.

Whether the incentives will keep customers loyal remains to be seen but early
indications suggest Australian users are by and large sticking with Samsung.
However, that goodwill could evaporate as a slew of new -Android devices enter
the market.

Research firm Telsyte analyst Foad Fadaghi said that while the Samsung brand had
taken a significant hit, the full impact of the company permanently putting the
Note 7 on ice would not be known for a while. Samsung, and the Note 7 -device in
particular, does have a strong fan base and Mr Fadaghi said keeping them happy
may depend on how long it takes for Samsung to get a replacement for the Note 7
on to the market.

"It's a real double-edged sword for them," Mr Fadaghi said. "On one hand they
don't want to rush out a device, but they can't wait too long before the
sentiment sours." He added that Samsung faced an additional risk of losing
commercial customers that buy device components from it.

"A lot of other companies look to Samsung for components and another recall will
knock Samsung out of its orbit. They need to isolate this problem quickly," Mr
Fadaghi said.

Discontinuing the Note 7 is set to cost Samsung about $US3 billion ($3.9bn),
with the total damage expected to exceed at least $US5.3bn. Samsung has also
slashed its third-quarter profit forecast by $US2.6bn.

So is Samsung's pain going to be Apple's gain? Mr Fadaghi said that while some
Samsung users might jump ship, they were unlikely to abandon the Android
platform and both Google and Sony look set to benefit."This is a great
opportunity for the Sony Xperia XZ and the Google Pixel."

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             650 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Cairns Eye (Australia)

                             April 9, 2016 Saturday
                               CairnsEye Edition

Lucky seven

BYLINE: words // JENNIFER DUDLEY-NICHOLSON

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 438  words


Here's the case for these Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge accessories

1. BRILLIANCE CASE-MATE How do you ensure Samsung's curvy, flagship phone stands
out? Fit it with a case paved with genuine crystals. The Case-Mate Brilliance is
covered in faceted stones that reflect light and it features a
champagne-coloured frame and matching button covers to set them off. It's not
just good looking, though. This cover comes in two parts, including a silicon
lining to provide impact resistance in the unlikely case the crystals slip from
your grip. The blinged-up accessory does add 50g and 3mm to the size of
Samsung's slender phone, but it will be worth it for those who want to be
noticed.

$78.49 / mobilezap.com.au

2. LENS COVER SAMSUNG Of all the cases, covers, and slips for Samsung's new
smartphones, this is the smartest. The Lens Cover, out this month, takes the
phone's camera to the next level, letting users attach a high-quality, metal and
glass lens for surprisingly crisp results. It's the first time Samsung has made
a phone lens but the company's photographic experience shines through. The
wide-angle addition we tested showed little distortion at the edges yet allowed
plenty of extra detail into the frame. The case itself features a soft lining,
and understated leather-like exterior, and even though the lens screws on in
just one turn, it remains securely in place. Macro lens next, please.

$TBA / samsung.com.au

3. AEROSHIELD CYGNETT Australian firm Cygnett attempts to solve the Galaxy S7
Edge conundrum with this cover. Namely, how to keep its design on show while
protecting it from scratches and slips. The Aeroshield is a clear case,
available with coloured edges if you prefer, that hugs this phone's curves with
a polyurethane frame and polycarbonate shell to provide protection from drops.
It also features four raised corners on the back of the case to keep it in place
on a slippery surfaces. Its lack of weight and bulk is commendable, though this
cover does scratch quite easily.

$25 / cygnett.com

4. EVO WALLET TECH21 This case can have your new phone completely surrounded.
The Tech21 creation not only hugs the rounded edges of the Galaxy S7 Edge with
impact-reducing FlexShock material, but it then covers it with a water-resisting
material to keep scratches off its screen. Inside the flip-up cover lies space
for a credit card for use as a real wallet, while a microfibre lining helps keep
its screen pristine. The case does weigh 30g and some may not like it covering
the phone's Always On display, but the Evo Wallet provides plenty of protection
when you just want to throw your phone into a bag.$60 / tech21.com

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: Cairns Eye


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             651 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Al Khaleej (Arabic)

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

                              «سامسونغ»: النمو و«إكسبو» يدعمان قطاع الإلكترونيات

LENGTH: 497 words



                                                                    دبي:حمدي سعد


    أكد سي بور وشوتام، رئيس قسم تسويق (الهواتف النقالة والألواح الذكية) - مجموعة
 تقنية المعلومات والهواتف النقالة في سامسونغ الخليج للإلكترونيات، أن زيادة أعداد
       السياح والنمو الاقتصادي السريع المعتمد على المشاريع المستقبلية الكبيرة في
          الإمارات في البنية التحتية ومشاريع «إكسبو 2020» تجعل قطاع الإلكترونيات
                                       الاستهلاكية في الإمارات يسجل نمواً قوياً.



       أضاف بور وشوتام في تصريحات ل«الخليج» على هامش «جيتكس شوبر أكتوبر 2016» أن
    الفعاليات على غرار «جيتكس شوبر» وموسم الأعياد المقبل تشكّل محطات رئيسية لنمو
 قطاع الإلكترونيات الاستهلاكية في دولة الإمارات خلال النصف الثاني من العام 2016،
      مشيراً إلى أنه وعلى الرغم من أن سوق الهواتف الذكية كان مستقراً خلال الأشهر
           القليلة الماضية، فإنه من المتوقع أن يتعافى خلال الربع الأخير من 2016.
 وحول نسبة نمو السوق المتوقعة لمبيعات «سامسونغ» في الإمارات خلال النصف الثاني من
  2016 قال: يتجه المناخ العام للسوق في الفترة الحالية نحو الاستقرار، وفيما يتعلق
بمعدلات النمو، فإننا ننظر بإيجابية كبيرة للسوق خصوصاً إذا ما أخذنا بعين الاعتبار
 بعضاً من المنتجات التي أطلقناها في وقت سابق من هذا العام مثل هاتف Galaxy S7 وS7
                     Edge إلى جانب بعض المنتجات التي سنطلقها في المستقبل القريب.
    وعن الأجهزة المتوقع أن تحقق أعلى المبيعات وحول مبيعات الهواتف الذكية على وجه
   الخصوص بعد أزمة «غالكسي نوت 7» قال بور وشوتام: نتوقع أن نستمر في تحقيق مبيعات
     جيدة من Galaxy Note7 بعد قيام الشركة بإطلاق حملة استبدال الهاتف في الإمارات
مؤخراً، أما مبيعات Galaxy S7 وS7 edge فقد ساهمت بشكل قوي في عوائدنا منذ إطلاقها،
 وتشكّل الأجهزة القابلة للارتداء جزءاً من نمونا القوي، حيث سجّلت أجهزة Gear Fit2
         وIconX عوائد مبيعات قوية، كما نتوقع تحقيق أداء قوي في قطاع التلفزيونات.
      وأضاف، من ناحية أخرى نستأثر بالحصة الأكبر في قطاع أجهزة التلفزيون على مدار
  السنوات ال10 الماضية، ومع ابتكارات على غرار تقنية Quantum Dot والوصول إلى 1000
        شمعة بالمتر المربع والعرض بدقة HDR في مجموعتنا الأحدث من تلفزيونات SUHD.
وقال بور وشوتام: مشاركتنا في معرض «جيتكس شوبر» لهذا العام تتمحور حول هاتف Galaxy
 Note7 وابتكاراته المتنوعة مثل قلم S Pen الجديد بالكامل، كما تتصدر تقنيات الواقع
الافتراضي مساحة كبيرة من تركيزنا، كما نستعرض قدرات النسخة الأحدث من جهاز Gear VR
         التي تكمّل جهاز Galaxy Note7 وجهاز Gear 360 بالإضافة إلى مجموعة أخرى من
                                                                       المنتجات.
      وأوضح أنه وإلى جانب هاتف Galaxy Note7 الجديد، نعرض خلال جيتكس شوبر محفظتنا
    الكاملة من أحدث الهواتفنا والأجهزة الإلكترونية، بما فيها Galaxy S7 وTabPro S
   وجيل العام 2016 من أجهزة تلفزيون SUHD وGear Fit2 وساعة IconX وGear S3 الجديدة
          بالكامل التي يسجل ظهورها في المعرض قبل طرحها في وقت لاحق من هذا العام.
   وقال سي بور وشوتام، رئيس قسم تسويق (الهواتف النقالة والألواح الذكية) - مجموعة
       تقنية المعلومات والهواتف النقالة في سامسونغ الخليج للإلكترونيات: إلى جانب
 المبيعات القوية التي سجلتها أجهزة الواقع الافتراضي، شهدنا ارتفاعاً غير متوقع في
     الطلب على الأجهزة القابلة للارتداء مثل جهازي Gear Fit2 وIconX التي أطلقناها
    مؤخراً، ونتوقع استمرار هذا الزخم على المدى الطويل، ومع الوحدات الجديدة لهاتف
Galaxy Note7 والنجاح القوي الذي سجله هاتف Galaxy S7 وS7 edge، نتوقع الاستمرار في
                                                 تسجيل أداء قوي خلال هذه الفترة.

                         http://imgs.syndigate.info/766/2382/3/147562747350.jpeg




LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ARABIC; العربية

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 2382


         Copyright 2016 Dar Al Khaleej for Press, Printing & Publishing
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             652 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             July 28, 2016 Thursday

Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge outsells its flat-screen sibling

LENGTH: 115 words


[THE INVESTOR] Samsung Electronics said on July 28 that sales of the
curved-screen Galaxy S7 Edge made up more than 50 percent of its total flagship
S7 sales in the April-June period.

The Korean tech giant didn't reveal the specific sales figure of the S7 phones
during the conference call on the day.

Industry watchers estimate a combined 270 million S7 and its Edge variant phones
have been sold in the first half of this year since their March launch.

Running on the upbeat mood, Samsung has also adopted the curved screen for the
upcoming Note 7 phablet for the first time. The new Note will be unveiled on
Aug. 2 in New York, London and Rio de Janeiro.

By Kim Young-won (wone0102@heraldcorp.c

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             653 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                             April 08, 2016 Friday
                                   E1 Edition

Samsung profit threatened by competitors

SECTION: Pg. 13

LENGTH: 413 words


SEOUL: Samsung Electronics Co Ltd flagged a 10 percent jump in quarterly profit
yesterday - a sign of robust early sales for its new Galaxy S7 smartphones,
although there are doubts whether momentum can be maintained in the face of
rival offerings.

The firm's estimate for first-quarter operating profit handily beat market
forecasts and has boosted hopes that its struggling mobile business will post
its first annual profit gain in three years, also benefiting from an improved
performance for mid-to-low tier devices and cost-cutting efforts.

Samsung said the January-March operating profit was probably 6.6 trillion won
(R86bn), well above the 5.6 trillion won profit tipped by a Thomson Reuters
StarMine SmartEstimate derived from a survey of 23 analysts.

The firm will not disclose a full breakdown of its results until later this
month, and gave no comment on the performance of its business divisions.

More than a dozen brokerages had lifted forecasts for Samsung earnings since
late last month, encouraged by reports of better-than-expected sales of its
Galaxy S7 models, which has an improved camera, waterproofing and microSD
storage support. Samsung's mobile business was probably the top earner for the
first time in seven quarters, analysts said.

A decline in the value of the South Korean won is also expected to help lift the
firm's first-quarter bottom line. But even so, competition from new products
such as Apple Inc's recently launched iPhone SE and Huawei Technologies Co Ltd's
upcoming flagship P9 phone are tempering investor enthusiasm.

"First quarter earnings will be the peak this year," said HMC Investment analyst
Greg Roh, adding that marketing costs for the mobile business will increase in
the next quarter, pushing profits lower.

Investor caution stems from last year's launch of Galaxy S6 phones, which
boasted major design changes and features and were widely praised. Initially
expected to be Samsung's best-selling phones to date, sales fizzled after the
launch.

Alpha Asset Management fund manager CJ Heo said: "S7 sales popped at first, but
could fade as rivals launch new models. We have learned from the past."

Other analysts said Samsung's decision to launch the Galaxy S7 models a month
earlier than their predecessors may simply have brought forward sales that would
have been made in later quarters.

Samsung's shares gave up early gains to be down 1.6 percent in midday trade,
compared with a 0.2 percent fall for the broader market. - Reuters

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             654 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            January 25, 2016 Monday

Samsung Galaxy S7, LG G5 to be fitted with faster mobile technology

LENGTH: 354 words


While expectations are high for the Galaxy S7 and G5, the new flagship
smartphones of Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics, respectively, an
announcement by mobile carrier SK Telecom on Monday offers hints to a new
feature on the handsets.

SK Telecom employees work at a laboratory of the firm in Seoul. (SKT)Korea's
leading mobile carrier said that it would deploy an advanced uplink carrier
aggregation technology, which will increase the upload speed of the long-term
evolution network, up to fourfold, in the first half of this year in Korea.

With the current LTE network, mobile users can upload a file at a speed of
25Mbps on the 10 MHz band.

"When the new mobile network technology is up and running, the maximum upload
speed, in theory, can reach 100 Mbps," an SKT public relations representative
said.

Since the faster upload technology is incompatible with the existing
smartphones, it is anticipated that the Galaxy S7 and the G5 will become the
first handsets sporting the faster network technology.

Both handsets will be unveiled during the Mobile World Congress trade show to be
held in Barcelona in February.

The deployment of the advanced uplink CA technology is inevitable in order to
cope with explosive data traffic growth due to streaming services, multichannel
networks, and social media, SKT explained.

SKT's network division head Lee Jong-bong said in a statement, "SKT will
continue to take the technology lead in the looming 5G era."

At the core of the upload technology is the UL 64QAM, which improves efficiency
in transitioning data into LTE signals, and the MC-PUSCH, which combines
disparate frequencies in the same spectrum into one frequency, according to the
mobile carrier.

The recent completion of the standardization works of the UL 64QAM and MC-PUSCH
by global mobile carriers and network equipment developers sped up the
commercialization of the uplink CA, according to the Korean network operator.

The new mobile network technology will be first commercialized in Seoul and its
adjacent regions and metropolitan cities by February, and expanded to other
regions down the road.

By Kim Young-won (

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             655 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                             March 8, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung Galaxy S7 review: Finally, an Android smartphone that rivals the
iPhone's camera

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST

LENGTH: 40 words


The new Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge phones are now basically neck and neck with
Apple's iPhones, meaning that you no longer have to compromise on picture
quality if you prefer Android !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All
rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             656 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   City A.M.

                            February 22, 2016 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

LIFE THROUGH A VIRTUAL REALITY LENS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 9 words


Samsung shows off its Galaxy S7 range using 3D technology

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SAMSUNG unveiled the new S7 and S7 Edge at its Galaxy Unpacked event
yesterday at the annual Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, using its virtual
reality device Gear VR to showcase its latest smartphones. The headset, which is
powered by technology supplied by Facebook-owned Oculus, will come free with
pre-orders for its S7 and S7 Edge phones, Samsung said.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CAM


                            Copyright 2016 City A.M.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             657 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Cairns Post (Australia)

                            March 12, 2016 Saturday
                                 Cairns Edition

Virtual reality in sight

BYLINE: Kerstin Kehren kerstin.kehren@news.com.au

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 245  words


EXPERIENCING virtual reality has now become even easier for Samsung smartphone
users after the technology giant's Gear VR headset went on sale at Telstra
stores around Cairns yesterday.

The headset allows users to enter 'virtual' and immersive worlds when used in
conjunction with Samsung's Galaxy S6 and S7 and Note 5 products.

To use the technology, users download apps, including games and experiences,
from a dedicated app store.

Users can even watch movies in their headset through the Netflix app. Student
Tarni Fisher, 20, tried out the Gear VR for the first time in Telstra's Cairns
Central store yesterday.

"It was heaps of fun," she said afterwards.

"The graphics and the colour were incredible." Telstra Cairns Central store
licensee Troy Stone said the Gear VR headsets were able to put users in the
front row of a concert or "send them sightseeing to far-flung cities".

"The immersive effect has to be seen to be believed." He revealed that his own
first experience using the Gear VR had involved dinosaurs.

"I've never put one of those sort of headsets on before," he said. "It's a bit
strange.

"It's almost kind of like you're right there." The arrival of the $159 virtual
reality headsets in Telstra stores Australia-wide coincided with the release of
Samsung's latest smartphone offerings, the Galaxy S7 and the Galaxy S7 edge.
Both phone models are dust and water resistant."This has been the highest demand
Galaxy launch that we've ever had before," Mr Stone said.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Cairns Post


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             658 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                              July 8, 2016 Friday

Samsung's profits rise to EUR 6bn

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 359 words


Samsung posted better-than-anticipated profits as continued demand for its
Galaxy S7 smartphones helps turn around its mobile devices business.

Operating income rose to 8.1 trillion won (EUR 6.3 billion) in the three months
ended June, the world's largest maker of phones and memory chips said in
preliminary results released yesterday.

That compares with the 7.38 trillion-won average of analysts' estimates compiled
by Bloomberg and 6.9 trillion won a year earlier.

Galaxy S7 models have capitalised on a lull in new iPhones from Apple, helping
to boost profit margins at the South Korean company and stoking demand for its
components.

That's helped the biggest maker of devices using the Android operating system
defy a slowdown in the smartphone market.

"S7 smartphones turned out to be a greater hit than what the market had thought
without competing iPhones," said Lee Seung Woo, an analyst at IBK Securities in
Seoul.

"Samsung's end-user products, such as smartphones and TVs, all performed
unbelievably well in the first half and looks like they did a lot of cost
reduction."

Revenue was 50 trillion won (EUR 39 billion) in the quarter, the Suwon-based
company said, compared with the 50.9 trillion won analysts expected.

Samsung won't provide net income or break out divisional performance until it
releases audited results later this month.

Shares have risen 13 per cent in 2016, putting them on track for their first
annual increase in four years. Samsung probably sold 15 million units of the S7
in the June quarter after selling 10 million in March when it debuted, said Greg
Roh, an analyst at HMC Investment Securities in Seoul.

Operating profit at the mobile unit probably rose 53 per cent to 4.23 trillion
won (EUR 3.3 billion) in the second quarter, according to the average estimates
of six analysts surveyed by Bloomberg News.

Higher sales of the S7 Edge with a wraparound screen, compared with the flat
version, along with solid demand for cheaper models helped earnings grow. In the
absence of a new iPhone, many carriers boosted marketing spending to drive
purchases of the S7, shifting the cost of promotion away from Samsung.

- (Bloomberg)

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             659 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                       March 18, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Rumors making rounds about Samsung Galaxy Note 6

BYLINE: Anja Prohaska

LENGTH: 215  words


Bigwig South Korean device manufacturer Samsung has recently launched its new
Galaxy flagship handsets -- Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge -- and rumors have now
started making rounds about the company's forthcoming device, the Galaxy Note 6
phablet.

The next-generation version of Samsung's Galaxy Note is believed to be another
Samsung flagship device to be launched by the company in 2016.

According to the rumors circulating online about the new Galaxy Note version,
the much-expected Galaxy Note 6 will likely replace its predecessor, Galaxy Note
5, as the latest addition to the Galaxy Note line in a few months.

It is speculated that the imminent Galaxy Note 6 phablet will come with a number
of noteworthy enhancements over the Galaxy Note 5, thanks largely to the fact
that the new Note phablet will boast some high-end specifications and features.

The rumors about the Galaxy Note 6 have revealed that the phablet will come with
a bigger 5.8-inch display with a QHD resolution; a Qualcomm Snapdragon or
Samsung Exynos processor; at least 4GB of RAM; a massive 4,000 mAh battery; and
a camera with laser autofocus and notably improved optical image stabilization
(OIS) and lenses. The phablet will likely run Android 'Marshmallow' at launch,
and will probably be upgraded to Android N later.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             660 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                             April 15, 2016 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

THE GADGET REVIEW;
TRIED & TESTED ; Ireland prop and tech whizz Mike Ross trials the latest and
greatest gadgets on sale

SECTION: LINE OUT;NEWS; Pg. 36,37

LENGTH: 1558 words


Nespresso Prodigio Nespresso machines came along and made decent coffee easily
available at home, no more the horrors of instant! Very simple devices, you fill
them up with water, pop in the capsule of your choice and enjoy your coffee. The
Prodigio aims to change that by adding a bit of high-tech functionality to the
process, namely the addition of a Bluetooth chip and a dedicated app. The app
will allow you to set a coffee going, schedule a brew at the time of your
choosing, alert you to the water level, allow you to see how many capsules
you've used and order extra capsules. It's a useful machine to have in the
kitchen or office, allowing you to prep a coffee without moving from your chair.
There's a couple of drawbacks though. One, you need to have the capsule ready to
go, and two, the range is limited because it utilises Bluetooth. If you don't
mind these limitations, then there's no reason not to get the Prodigio,
(EURO)199, over other models in Nespresso's range. The coffee is just as good,
and the extra functionality is a useful addition.

Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is Samsung's follow up to its
highly successful S6 Edge. The S7 Edge still has the lovely curved screen which
wraps around the device, but there have been a few major changes along the way
to differentiate it from its predecessor. It's gotten bigger, now having a 5.5
inch AMOLED display but keeping the 1440p resolution. It also now has a micro-SD
slot, something that was left out of the S6 and was missed by a lot of people.
The battery has also increased in size by a whopping 1000mAh, now tipping the
scales at 3600mAh (sadly still non removable). Finally, the S7 Edge is now water
resistant, so if you drop it into a running bath (as happened to me recently!)
you won't be staring at an expensive repair bill. It's IP68 certified, so it
should last half an hour submerged in up to 1.5m of water.

Aside from those major changes, there are a lot more subtle ones. The S7 Edge
has a new chip, the Exynos 8890 running at 2.4GHZ, paired with with 4GB of RAM.
It runs Android Marshmallow very smoothly, with no lag or stuttering, as befits
what is Samsung's flagship phone. The camera has had a minor rejig too, and now
sits a lot flusher to the back of the phone, as opposed to the pronounced bulge
it had before. There's still a small lip, but it's not nearly as noticeable.
Internally the camera has had a resolution downgrade, from 16MP to 12MP, but it
uses dual pixel technology meaning that there's two light sensitive photodiodes
working together. This means it works a lot better in low light conditions, up
to 4 times faster than its predecessor, and faster autofocusing.

The battery life is really good thanks to the increased capacity, I often had a
good 25-30% left after a day of high usage. The S7 Edge comes with a fast
charger too and will charge up to 50% in half an hour, and also supports
wireless charging. Often phones at the higher end have mediocre battery life
thanks to their power hungry components, but that is definitely not the case
here.

At the moment, the S7 Edge seems to be the phone to beat. It's lightning fast,
looks great and has superb battery life. Phones from other manufacturers will be
coming out to challenge it in the next couple of months but for now the S7 Edge
has the stage to itself. From (EURO)119 per month on bill pay from Carphone
Warehouse.

Samsung Gear VR Virtual reality is the future. We've been hearing that for a
while but this year looks to be the year of VR with devices like the Oculus
Rift, HTC Vive and the Sony Playstation VR all promising to be released this
year. These devices will come with a hefty price tag, well north of (EURO)600,
so the Samsung Gear VR aims to give you a great experience at the bargain price
of (EURO)99. How it does this is simple; it utilises the display and power of
your phone with some clever software to deliver a compelling experience. The
headset was developed in conjunction with Oculus, one of the pioneers in today's
booming VR market, and you have access to select titles from the Oculus store.
Admittedly, you will require a high end Samsung phone. The phones that the Gear
VR is compatible with are the S6, S6 Edge, S6 Edge+, S7, S7 Edge, Note 4 and
Note 5. Not a bad line-up to choose from, but if your preference is another
manufacturer then you're out of luck.

Physically the headset is sturdy enough. It looks a bit like a snorkel mask,
with two special glass lenses set into the frame that enable you to perceive the
VR effect. The lenses are adjustable via a wheel on the top of the headset so
you can focus the image to your liking. There are two adjustable straps that
hold it on, one that runs above your ears and another that goes over the top of
your head, and the fit is quite comfortable with plenty of foam cushioning.
There's a touch panel and return button on the side of the headset, allowing you
to navigate through menus and even play some games without requiring a
controller. The way it works is simple: you seat your phone into the front of
the device where it acts as the screen. Samsung have designed it so you can plug
headphones into your handset as well, so you get the complete VR experience.

So, that's the hardware part. It's the software that really shines. Once you
plug the phone in, it automatically launches Oculus Home, a portal from where
you can install different software.

I first tried the Netflix app, and it's very clever, putting you in a large
virtual movie theatre which automatically dims when your show starts to play.
There's also a 3D photo viewer, which takes you to various exotic locales like
the pyramids and allows you to look around as if you were actually there. I also
had a lot of fun playing games like Eve: Gunjack, which puts you into a gun
turret on a huge starship and has you fight off endless waves of enemy fighters.
Looking around the turret is very cool, even if it's a little unnerving to see a
huge void beneath your feet!

If you have a Samsung phone, then this is a great gadget to get. It won't break
the bank, and offers a fantastic intro to the world of virtual reality.

Microsoft Surface Book I'm usually very picky when it comes to choosing a new
laptop. On my current wish list is something that's small, light, powerful
enough for a bit of gaming and has decent battery life. Usually it's a case of
picking 3 out of 4 of those criteria, but Microsoft have come along and released
their innovative Surface Book. The Surface Book isn't just a laptop either; at
the press of a button the screen detaches and turns into a fully fledged tablet.
This is a really neat feature, and adds hugely to the versatility of the device.

Out of the box, the Surface Book looks impressive, beautifully crafted from two
solid blocks of magnesium alloy. The screen and the body of the laptop are
connected by what Microsoft refers to as the dynamic fulcrum hinge, which is
segmented and interestingly leaves a small gap reminiscent of the spine of a
book when the laptop is folded shut. There's some neat technology in the hinge
too, Microsoft uses what's known as muscle-wire to lock the screen to the base.
Muscle wire deforms when current is applied to it, and then goes back to its
original state when the current is switched off. This keeps a rock solid
attachment between the screen and the base which is a good thing! The screen
itself is a 13.5 inch affair, with a 3000x2000 resolution. The screen also
houses the motherboard and CPU with an integrated graphics chip, so it can
function independently of the base. You've a choice of two Intel Skylake CPUs -
the base model i5-6300u running at 2.4GHZ, or the i7-6600u running at 2.6GHZ.
You have the option of combining these CPUs with differing levels of RAM and
hard drive space, and you can choose whether to have a dedicated graphics card
or not. I'd recommend going with the card; Microsoft have chosen a slightly cut
down Nvidia Geforce 940M, which sits in the base. Having a discreet graphics
card makes a big difference, and I found the Surface Book could happily play
Battlefield 3 on medium with framerates hovering around the fifties. It also
handled Civilisation V well, which is a good thing as it makes long journeys go
very quickly!

Admittedly, the model I had was at the higher end of the Surface Book spectrum,
sporting the i7-6600u, coupled with 8GB of RAM and 256GB SSD along with the
dedicated graphics card, but you could probably go for the cheaper i5 model and
not miss out on too much performance, especially with games. The Surface Book
also comes with the Surface Pen, which allows you to use the screen as a very
useful drawing surface, great for graphic designers or budding artists. The pen
clips on to the side of the screen using magnets, but you might want to consider
getting a cover with a separate pocket for it just in case.

Overall I was highly impressed with the Surface Book - it ticks every single one
of my boxes when looking for a laptop. The only downside is that it's not cheap,
this is a premium device and priced to match. At the moment you expect to pay
upwards of (EURO)1500 for the base model, with the model I was using coming in
around the (EURO)2000 mark. The power and versatility it offers makes it worth
your consideration though, there's nothing quite like it on the market.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Nespresso Prodigio, as trialled by Mike, belowThe Samsung S7 Edge
is the phone to beat, according to MikeMike tries the Samsung Gear VRThe
Microsoft Surface Book, above and below

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             661 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                             July 21, 2016 Thursday

Galaxy Note 7 to have little hardware overhaul

BYLINE: By Kim Yoo-chul

LENGTH: 465 words


Samsung's upcoming new and improved tablet phone will have little hardware
overhaul as the world's top smartphone vendor is focused on highlighting some
improved software-related features.

Edge screen, water resistance and iris scanning could be the three main points
that Samsung plans to highlight at the company's unpacked event on Aug. 2 in New
York, said officials, Thursday.

'Simply put, the Note 7 is an expanded version of the Galaxy S7 edge smartphone.
The Note 7 will only be available with a curved screen in accordance with
Samsung's latest strategy to promote mobile devices with breakthrough form
factors,' said a Samsung official.

The large-display phone with a stylus for handwriting is expected to have a
5.8-inch screen.

The Note 7 will be the first in the Note series to have the water-resistant
feature.

More importantly, users will be able to use the 'S-Pen' even underwater,
according to executives at Samsung's first-tier local component suppliers.

The new product will also be equipped with iris scanning recognition technology,
although initial use of the software is expected to be limited given the
scarcity of services using the eye-scanning technology.

It's unlikely that the Note 7 will have a dual-camera as the company's strategy
is to cut manufacturing costs. The S-Pen will be embedded in the bottom of the
device.

The Note 7 will support the Samsung Pay service.

The Note 7 is the successor to the Galaxy Note 5. Samsung has already confirmed
that it will skip the name 'Galaxy Note 6' in order to line up its next device
with the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge flagships.

But it remains to be seen whether the Note 7 will appeal to consumers if it does
not awaken idling demand for Samsung devices in target markets.

The unit price of the Note 7 will be between 7 percent and 8 percent higher than
the previous version.

Given some new additions, such a price hike won't greatly kill consumer appetite
as Samsung plans to offer subsidies to mobile carriers in countries where the
Note 7 will be available.

Samsung introduced the Galaxy Note 5 for 890,000 Won in Korea and $699 in the
United States without subsidy plans.

The company said its mobile chief Ko Dong-jin will handle the upcoming unpacked
event.

'Samsung's premium handset replacement program - Galaxy Club - will be applied
to the Note 7,' Ko said in a recent meeting with local reporters.

The executive remains confident the Note 7 will compete with Apple's
soon-to-be-released mobile phone - tentatively named iPhone 7 - in major
markets. The 'iPhone 7' is expected to be released in the latter half of the
year.

'We have to admit that Samsung's smartphone business is under pressure. But I
think Samsung will be fine,' said the senior executive, adding an upgraded Gear
VR headset will also be launched soon.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             662 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                            September 4, 2016 Sunday

Can the water resistant Note 7 fight fires?

LENGTH: 434  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 4 -- Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 may be waterproof-ish, but what
its having to do right now is fight fires. Thirty-five of them, at the very
least.


 In a disastrous chain of events for Samsung Electronics, soon after the
flagship Note 7 had been launched and started to reach customers who had
pre-ordered, it was discovered that an unknown number of the phone's units had a
faulty battery. Or so it would seem from the reports that units of the Note 7
exploded or caught fire while charging. This self-sabotage has happened at the
worst possible time - a mere week before arch rival Apple holds its event,
possibly launching the new iPhone. Yes, ouch.
 Only after the launch of the Galaxy S6 family has Samsung seen some hope on the
horizon, struggling as it was to retain its top position in the smartphone race
globally. And now this.
 Rather hastily, Samsung has had to recall Note 7 units. In damage control mode,
the company has been trying to emphasise that the problem has been with a very
small number of units and that it is out of an abundance of caution that the
worldwide recall programme has been set into motion. Customers will get new
units and won't have too long a wait, according to reports, and those who want
to swap for the Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge can do so.
 Understandably though, customers will have been thoroughly spooked.
 I find myself looking at my Galaxy S7 Edge with some degree of suspicion,
specially when it heats up during a session with the Gear VR headset.
 Before the disastrous fires, there had been murmurings of discontent over
Apple's lack of innovation and its release of one iPhone after another that have
been well-designed but so very same-old. It's been a long time since Apple has
been doing anything to uphold its old tagline: Think Different.
 Samsung, on the other hand, had the iris scanner, a capable stylus, arguably
the best smartphone camera, VR capability, and more, in comparison. After the
extent of the Note 7 problem unfolded however, Apple fans have been chuckling,
smug in the belief that they have been vindicated over the iPhone being the far
superior product. Someone kindly offered a solution to Samsung's problem of
fires on the Note 7: the iPhone 6.
 While that may be amusing, it isn't as if Apple's iPhone has been without its
own problems through its evolution. If the iPhone 7 comes in on September 7th,
with some major innovations however, Apple can be as smug as its fans.
 Meanwhile, no one doubts that Samsung will have an uphill task repairing its
damaged reputation, long after it has managed to repair the damaged Note 7.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             663 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Waterloo Region Record

                             July 7, 2016 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Samsung expected to increase spending;
Success of Galaxy S7 revives company's smartphone fortunes

BYLINE: Jungah Lee, Bloomberg

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 767 words


After ending a two-year smartphone slide with the Galaxy S7, Samsung Electronics
Co. could be about to hike capital spending to sustain a revival across the
company.

At least $5 billion US more of investment is headed to the display and
semiconductor businesses, according to a survey of analyst estimates, to help
Samsung ride out bumps in the phone market. Such a move reflects new optimism
about the company after the success of the Galaxy S7, with the shares rallying
13 per cent this year.

Samsung's rise into an electronics behemoth has been fuelled by the ability to
get its memory chips and displays, often the most expensive components, into
devices made by others. With the South Korean company said to be in talks to
supply Apple with next-generation OLED screens and bring out its own phones with
bendable screens, Samsung can use its cash pile of more than $60 billion to
extend its lead on rivals.

"Samsung's smartphone business has finally had a soft landing after a bumpy
ride," said Chung Chang Won, an analyst at Nomura Holdings Inc. in Seoul.
Samsung will probably boost spending on memory and displays, which "are poised
for a sudden rise as the next growth drivers."

The shares slid 3.3 per cent to close Wednesday at 1.42 million won. Analysts,
however, are betting they've got room to rise. Since the company's last earnings
report, the average target price of analysts has risen by 6.7 per cent, backing
the Galaxy S7's ability to keep winning customers. In the same period, profit
estimates have risen by almost half a billion dollars.

Samsung will report preliminary second-quarter earnings Thursday, with operating
income expected to rise about seven per cent to 7.4 trillion won ($6.4 billion),
according to the average estimate. Sales are projected to increase 4.9 per cent
to 50.9 trillion won.

But with growth in the global smartphone market evaporating, it needs to build
up its other major businesses as competitors bring out new products in an
attempt to spark growth.

"The mobile business is holding up well, but it's still questionable whether
this trend will be sustained over the coming quarters with more new devices in
the pipeline from rivals," said Lee Jae-yun, an analyst at Yuanta Securities Co.

The Korean technology giant hasn't been afraid to make bold investments in
advanced technologies and plants, even during a severe economic downturn. That
has helped it outrun competitors in Japan and combat Chinese producers as it
rose to the top of smartphones, chips and TVs.

Samsung had almost $23 billion of capital spending in 2015, the fourth straight
year that capital expenditure topped $20 billion, according to data compiled by
Bloomberg. The company said in April that it spent 4.6 trillion won in the first
quarter and annual spending could increase slightly.

Organic light-emitted diode (OLED) is one such example, with Samsung championing
the screens as thinner, brighter and less taxing on the battery compared to
liquid-crystal displays. By using the technology in its own Galaxy range,
Samsung has become the biggest producer for mobile devices.

The company may introduce two new smartphones with bendable OLED screens as soon
as next year, a move that could spark sales of components to rivals, people
familiar with the matter said last month. Samsung has also held talks to be the
exclusive supplier of displays for future iPhones, people familiar have said.

Delivering such products requires new plants, factory upgrades and equipment and
the company may need to spend as much as 15 trillion won ($13 billion) just on
OLED, according to HI Investment & Securities Co. But it's got money in the
bank: its hoard of cash and short-term investments has been growing steadily in
past years, to more than 70 trillion won at the end of March.

"To keep rivals off its turf, Samsung needs to move faster and go bold with
investment now," said Chung Won-suk, a Seoul-based analyst at HI Investment.
"With Apple expected to join the race, the bendable display will eventually
become the default feature on future smartphones."

Samsung's panel-making subsidiary Samsung Display Co. has already started to
halt some of its older LCD lines to boost OLED capacity. Chung at HI Investment
expects that to continue.

The popularity of the Galaxy S7 models, one with a curved display, is expected
to have continued into the second quarter, helping to bail out its mobile
division from a slump that has hit Apple and Chinese companies.

"Samsung's business outlook seems extremely good and creates a lot of excitement
now," said Peter Yu, a Seoul-based analyst at BNP Paribas SA.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             664 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      August 23, 2016 Tuesday 6:33 PM GMT

Apple's 2017 iPhone model could have a curved screen just like the Samsung
Galaxy S7 Edge;
Apple is due to release three iPhones next year, one of which will sport a
curved display, according to reports

BYLINE: By Rhiannon Williams

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 375 words


Apple will release an iPhone with a curved organic light-emitting diode (OLED)
display, similar to Samsung's Galaxy S7 Edge model, it has been reported.

The Californian company will launch three models in 2017; one sized at
4.7-inches and two measuring 5.5-inches - one of which will sport a display
which curves down over its sides, according to the Nikkei Asian Review .

The other two devices will have regular flat screens like past iPhone models,
the source added.

This is not the first time a curved iPhone has been rumoured. Artist Martin
Hajek created these concept images ahead of the iPhone 6 launch, based on
similar rumours at the time.

Nikkei Technology Online has previously reported that Apple met with LG and
Samsung to discuss increasing OLED screen production ahead of September 2017 -
the date the theoretical iPhone 7s is likely to be released.

Both LG and Samsung are among Apple's suppliers.

OLED displays use less power and are generally brighter than their LED
counterparts.

Samsung is currently the only manufacturer to take advantage of an OLED
display's flexibility, starting with the curved sides of the Galaxy Note Edge in
early 2015 and continuing with this year's Galaxy S7 Edge.

Apple recently sold its one billionth iPhone, but has struggled in recent months
as the company's iPhone sales - which account for around two-thirds of the
company's overall sales - have fallen.

In July it announced sales of its smartphone were down 15% during its third
financial quarter, and forecast they would fall again during the fourth.

Introducing a new iPhone with a physical difference from its predecessors could
help to reignite consumer interest in the smartphone.

The last radical hardware change was the introduction of the larger iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus, a full 0.7-inches and 1.5-inches larger than the previous iPhone
5, which measured 4-inches.

The larger sizes proved such a hit with customers the company posted the biggest
profits ever reported by a company, selling a record 74.5 million iPhones in
three months, the equivalent of 34,000 units per hour.

Apple is due to reveal the much-anticipated iPhone 7 in the next few weeks.

Rumours suggest the new model could do away with both the physical home button
and headphone jack.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             665 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                              May 23, 2016 Monday

Samsung rewrites playbook to halt smartphone slide

LENGTH: 1021 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, May 23 -- From the way it chooses smartphone components to the
models it brings to market, Samsung Electronics (005930.KS) has undergone a
painful process of breaking from its past to reverse a slide in its handset
business.

For example, the world's largest smartphone maker agonized over camera specs for
its flagship Galaxy S7 until the last moment - ultimately defying industry
convention by opting for fewer pixels in exchange for improved autofocus
features and low-light performance, a move that contributed to early success.

It also pared back its product line-up, overcoming internal resistance, enabling
it to streamline production, an executive said.

The handset business has now stabilized, and had its best profit in nearly two
years in January-March, though historically low smartphone industry growth still
leaves Samsung looking for the "next big thing".

"We've now gotten to a point where we can secure a baseline profit even if the
market stagnates, so long as we don't make a bad mistake," said Kim Gae-youn,
vice president in charge of Samsung's smartphone product planning. "I'm
confident we can hold our ground."

After peaking in 2013, a sharp drop in mobile profits exposed Samsung as slow to
adjust to the changing market: its budget devices were overpriced and
unappealing versus Chinese offerings, and the 2014 version of its Galaxy S
flopped.

That prompted a cull among executives and stoked investor worries Samsung might
not be able to recover as rivals including Apple (AAPL.O) and China's Huawei
Technologies [HWT.UL] and Xiaomi [XTC.UL] gained market share at its expense.

There was no sweeping, across-the-board fix. Rather, Samsung embarked two years
ago on an overhaul that included a shift from a phone-for-all-needs approach
towards a line-up that emphasized economies of scale.

It revamped design, using metal frames and curved screens, and gave high-end
features such as organic light-emitting diode (OLED) screens to its low- and
mid-tier products.

CAMERA CONUNDRUM

As Samsung prepared to launch its Galaxy S7 phones this year, executives went
back and forth over whether to use a 12-megapixel rear camera that shoots better
in the dark and has improved auto focus, or stay with a 16-megapixel count. At
the last moment, they opted for 12-megapixels - a rare step down in an industry
fixated on higher numbers.

This meant a change in approach for a company known to tout the highest specs
for its flagship products, and executives required convincing, Kim said. They
were swayed by data showing consumers want more than just a high pixel count.

"In the past, based on our past decision-making process, we never would have
gone back," Kim said in an interview at Samsung's headquarters campus in Suwon,
south of Seoul.

The move worked. More than half of US S7 buyers surveyed cited camera quality as
a key selling point, compared with a third of all smartphone buyers in the first
quarter, according to Kantar US Insights.

The same mindset shift gave Samsung confidence to release a Galaxy 7 series that
looks similar to its predecessor. This incremental upgrade drew initial
scepticism, but the S7 phones have beaten expectations and could set a new
first-year sales record for the South Korean firm.

Samsung must still convince investors its recent improvement is sustainable, and
that innovative products are in the works to grow revenue. Some attribute its
rebound partly to Apple's weaker performance, and cost-cutting.

"I think they will try to imbue the Note (phone) with a more transformative
change such as new technology under the new leadership, than the fine-tuning we
saw with the Galaxy S7," said Kim Hyun-su, a fund manager with IBK Investment &
Securities, which holds Samsung shares.

Long-time mobile chief J.K. Shin ceded day-to-day management in December when
Dongjin Koh became president of the handset unit in the biggest leadership
change to date under the conglomerate's heir-apparent Jay Y. Lee.

Samsung's operating profit is expected to be flat this year and grow just 3 per
cent next year, according to 43 analysts polled by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.

LESS IS MORE

Slimming down its product portfolio was another departure from the past, when
Samsung launched variations to soak up as much demand as possible. As market
growth stalled, that approach was no longer cost effective.

It phased out unpopular models and created common platforms, with more phones
using the same parts. Researcher Counterpoint says Samsung has shed close to a
third of its product portfolio.

That move also had to overcome internal resistance.

"If you're in the trenches, you want to have a machine gun, a grenade, a mine on
hand," Kim said. "There are also different needs depending on individual
markets, so regional sales staff naturally can't be happy when the company moves
to rationalize and restructure from a global structure. The transition process
is painful."

The product cull paid off; the revamped models helped Samsung recover in big
markets such as India. "There was a feeling the sheer number of phones in the
market was confusing for customers," said a Samsung India executive, declining
to be identified as he was not authorised to speak with the media.

Despite a solid first quarter, analysts remain cautious about Samsung's outlook,
with researcher Gartner predicting global smartphone sales growth will slow to 7
per cent this year.

Samsung has also yet to recover in China, the world's top smartphone market,
where it ranks sixth with 7 per cent market share, according to Strategy
Analytics, well behind local rivals such as Huawei, Xiaomi and OPPO.

Samsung's Kim says his focus now is on premium-end smartphones - those costing
$600 and above - where not all industry players have the muscle to compete.

"There's still room for growth in the market," he said. "This segment wants
innovation, which has turned it into an area that requires huge capital
equipment investments."

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                             666 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         South East Asian News (India)

                             April 29, 2016 Friday

Samsung Galaxy S7 Launches Officially in Malaysia

LENGTH: 150 words

DATELINE: Kuala Lumpur


Kuala Lumpur, April 29 -- The world's largest smartphone maker, Samsung
Electronics, has launched its Galaxy S7 Edge in markets of Singapore for people,
who like to keep up with the latest trend in mobile phones. The phone will be
available at selected stores of the Samsung. The device has been priced RM2, 699
(approx $692/Rs. 46,100) and comes in three colors - Gold, Silver, and Black.

The phone in most ways has the same features as Samsung Galaxy S7, but with a
smaller 5.1in display. It has a pretty powerful processor and comes with 4GB of
RAM, 32GB of flash storage and microSD support, as well as a 3000mAh battery,
according to the company's vice-president of Mobile and IT Business Unit.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from South East Asian News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             667 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                           November 2, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung offers free 'Battery-Pack' with S7-Edge

SECTION: Vol. 27 No. 302

LENGTH: 134  words


Samsung Pakistan has launched a special offer to give a free 'Battery-Pack' to
every buyer of its premium smartphone device - the Galaxy S7 Edge. The Samsung
battery pack, with a 5200mAh capacity allows you to charge your Fast
Charge-compatible Samsung device from 0 to 50% in only 30 minutes.

So now the customers can enjoy this Fast-Charge technology on-the-go, as the
Battery-Pack can be recharged over and over.

With a universal USB port output, the Samsung Battery-Pack can also charge other
smartphones, tablets or electronics capable of charging via USB. This makes it
compatible with; Galaxy Note 4, Galaxy Note Edge, Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 active,
Galaxy S6 Edge, Galaxy S6 Edge+ and Galaxy Note5. When fully powered, this
Battery-Pack holds enough juice to charge these devices at least 1.5 times.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                             668 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                            April 6, 2016 Wednesday
                               HeraldSun Edition

Lucky seven

BYLINE: Jennifer Dudley-Nicholson

SECTION: SWITCHEDON; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 454  words


Jennifer Dudley-Nicholson puts the case for these Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge
accessories

BRILLIANCE CASE-MATE * * * * How do you ensure Samsung's curvy, flagship phone
stands out? Fit it with a case paved with genuine crystals. The Case-Mate
Brilliance is covered in faceted stones that reflect light and it features a
champagne-coloured frame and matching button covers to set them off. It's not
just good looking, though. This cover comes in two parts, including a silicon
lining to provide impact resistance in the unlikely case the crystals slip from
your grip. The blinged-up accessory does add 50g and 3mm to the size of
Samsung's slender phone, but it will be worth it for those who want to be
noticed.

$78.49 / MOBILEZAP.COM.AU COVERED IN FACETED STONES THAT REFLECT LIGHT

EVO WALLET TECH21 * * * * This case can have your new phone completely
surrounded. The Tech21 creation not only hugs the rounded edges of the Galaxy S7
Edge with impact-reducing FlexShock material, but it then covers it with a
water-resisting material to keep scratches off its screen. Inside the flip-up
cover lies space for a credit card for use as a real wallet, while a microfibre
lining helps keep its screen pristine. The case does weigh 30g and some may not
like it covering the phone's Always On display, but the Evo Wallet provides
plenty of protection when you just want to throw your phone into a bag.

$60 / TECH21.COM

LENS COVER SAMSUNG * * * * * Of all the cases, covers, and slips for Samsung's
new smartphones, this is the smartest. The Lens Cover, out this month, takes the
phone's camera to the next level, letting users attach a high-quality, metal and
glass lens for surprisingly crisp results. It's the first time Samsung has made
a phone lens but the company's photographic experience shines through. The
wide-angle addition we tested showed little distortion at the edges yet allowed
plenty of extra detail into the frame. The case itself features a soft lining,
and understated leather-like exterior, and even though the lens screws on in
just one turn, it remains securely in place. Macro lens next, please.

$TBA / SAMSUNG.COM.AU

AEROSHIELD CYGNETT * * * 1/2 Australian firm Cygnett attempts to solve the
Galaxy S7 Edge conundrum with this cover. Namely, how to keep its design on show
while protecting it from scratches and slips. The Aeroshield is a clear case,
available with coloured edges if you prefer, that hugs this phone's curves with
a polyurethane frame and polycarbonate shell to provide protection from drops.
It also features four raised corners on the back of the case to keep it in place
on a slippery surfaces. Its lack of weight and bulk is commendable, though this
cover does scratch quite easily.$25 / CYGNETT.COM

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald Sun


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             669 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

Samsung vs. LG: Mobile chiefs make MWC debuts

LENGTH: 547 words


Mobile chiefs of Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics made their debuts at
Mobile World Congress, the mobile industry's largest gathering held in
Barcelona, Spain, this week.

LG has usually launched its new phones after MWC but this year the company went
head-on with its local rival Samsung.

As much as their latest phones, presentations made by the mobile chiefs of both
companies grabbed a lot of attention from industry people and journalists.

Samsung mobile chief Koh Dong-jin

Samsung's mobile chief Koh Dong-jin, 55, is an engineer who has been involved in
the development of the Galaxy series from the beginning. He took the helm of the
company's mobile business division from his predecessor Shin Jong-kyun late last
year.

Unlike previous Samsung CEOs, he opened the speech with his own story, talking
about the earlier days when he entered the company 30 years ago and the
desperate efforts behind every Galaxy phone.

The latest Galaxy S7 comes with upgraded camera and battery features. Responding
to consumer demands, the phone has revived a removable battery slot and is now
waterproof.

Due to previously leaked images and rumors, Samsung had little surprises to
announce. But it used virtual reality during the whole show to impress the
audience.

Samsung's Galaxy Gear VR headsets were handed out for the attendants to enjoy an
immersive VR demo. Then, Facebook CEO Mark Juckerberg made an unannounced
appearance to tout the headset that uses Facebook's technology.

"The Galaxy S7 is a masterpiece. I'm confident its sales will exceed that of its
predecessor," Koh told reporters.

"Facebook considers virtual reality as the next generation communication
platform after photos and videos. Samsung also aims to become a pioneer in
offering new user experience."

While the Samsung mobile chief is a tech-oriented industry veteran, LG's Cho
Junho, 57, is more a businessman who has been behind the company's hit phones.

LG mobile chief Cho Junho

In the early 2000s, LG prevailed Samsung in the handset market. Then the U.S.
business chief led the success story of the Chocolate phone, which looked like a
chocolate bar, in 2004 and the Shine phone with metal body in 2007.

But LG's recent smartphones have been struggling, feeling the pinch from
high-end Apple's iPhone and Samsung Galaxy and Chinese budget phones.

In a move to buck the trend, LG, under Cho's leadership, has come up with the
G5, the industry's first modular phone.

When it comes to innovation, industry watchers are responding more positively to
the G5 than the Galaxy S7.

The G5, which has an accessory slot at the bottom, allows users to replace or
upgrade functions such as camera and audio independently.

The company also launched a virtual reality headset and other accessories,
including a drone controller to work with the G5.

"The G5 is the starting point of LG's revival. We will create our own fandom and
regain the global No. 3 title," he said at a press conference.

During the unveiling event, representatives from LG's global partners such as
Google, Qualcomm and Bang & Olufsen also joined to show their alliance for the
phone's success.

Admitting that two powerful companies -- Samsung and Apple -- are dominating the
market he pledged to break through the competition with the company's own
diverse products.

(

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             670 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                          February 24, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung vs. LG: Mobile chiefs make MWC debuts

LENGTH: 547 words


Mobile chiefs of Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics made their debuts at
Mobile World Congress, the mobile industry's largest gathering held in
Barcelona, Spain, this week.

LG has usually launched its new phones after MWC but this year the company went
head-on with its local rival Samsung.

As much as their latest phones, presentations made by the mobile chiefs of both
companies grabbed a lot of attention from industry people and journalists.

Samsung mobile chief Koh Dong-jin

Samsung's mobile chief Koh Dong-jin, 55, is an engineer who has been involved in
the development of the Galaxy series from the beginning. He took the helm of the
company's mobile business division from his predecessor Shin Jong-kyun late last
year.

Unlike previous Samsung CEOs, he opened the speech with his own story, talking
about the earlier days when he entered the company 30 years ago and the
desperate efforts behind every Galaxy phone.

The latest Galaxy S7 comes with upgraded camera and battery features. Responding
to consumer demands, the phone has revived a removable battery slot and is now
waterproof.

Due to previously leaked images and rumors, Samsung had little surprises to
announce. But it used virtual reality during the whole show to impress the
audience.

Samsung's Galaxy Gear VR headsets were handed out for the attendants to enjoy an
immersive VR demo. Then, Facebook CEO Mark Juckerberg made an unannounced
appearance to tout the headset that uses Facebook's technology.

"The Galaxy S7 is a masterpiece. I'm confident its sales will exceed that of its
predecessor," Koh told reporters.

"Facebook considers virtual reality as the next generation communication
platform after photos and videos. Samsung also aims to become a pioneer in
offering new user experience."

While the Samsung mobile chief is a tech-oriented industry veteran, LG's Cho
Junho, 57, is a business leader who has been behind the company's hit phones.

LG mobile chief Cho Junho

In the early 2000s, LG prevailed Samsung in the handset market. Then the U.S.
business chief led the success story of the Chocolate phone, which looked like a
chocolate bar, in 2004 and the Shine phone with metal body in 2007.

But LG's recent smartphones have been struggling, feeling the pinch from
high-end Apple's iPhone and Samsung Galaxy and Chinese budget phones.

In a move to buck the trend, LG, under Cho's leadership, has come up with the
G5, the industry's first modular phone.

When it comes to innovation, industry watchers are responding more positively to
the G5 than the Galaxy S7.

The G5, which has an accessory slot at the bottom, allows users to replace or
upgrade functions such as camera and audio independently.

The company also launched a virtual reality headset and other accessories,
including a drone controller to work with the G5.

"The G5 is the starting point of LG's revival. We will create our own fandom and
regain the global No. 3 title," he said at a press conference.

During the unveiling event, representatives from LG's global partners such as
Google, Qualcomm and Bang & Olufsen also joined to show their alliance for the
phone's success.

Admitting that two powerful companies -- Samsung and Apple -- are dominating the
market he pledged to break through the competition with the company's own
diverse products.

(

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             671 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                              April 8, 2016 Friday

S7 sales boost profits at Samsung

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 317 words


Samsung Electronics flagged a 10 per cent jump in quarterly profit yesterday - a
sign of robust early sales for its new Galaxy S7 smartphones although doubts
abound whether momentum can be maintained in the face of new rival offerings.

The South Korean tech giant's estimate for first-quarter operating profit easily
beat market forecasts. It has boosted hopes that its struggling mobile business
will post its first annual profit gain in three years, also benefiting from an
improved performance for mid-to-low tier devices and cost-cutting.

Samsung said January-March operating profit was likely to be 6.6 trillion won
(EUR 5bn), well above the 5.6 trillion won profit tipped by a Thomson Reuters
StarMine SmartEstimate derived from a survey of 23 analysts.

The firm will not disclose a full breakdown of its results until later this
month, and gave no comment on the performance of its business divisions.

More than a dozen brokerages had lifted forecasts for Samsung earnings since
late last month, encouraged by reports of better-than-expected sales of its
Galaxy S7 models, which boast an improved camera, waterproofing and microSD
storage support. Samsung's mobile business was probably the top earner for the
first time in seven quarters, analysts say.

A decline in the value of the South Korean won is also expected to help lift the
firm's first-quarter bottom line. But even so, competition from new products
such as Apple's recently launched iPhone SE and Huawei Technologies' upcoming
flagship P9 phone are tempering investor enthusiasm.

"First quarter earnings will be the peak this year," said HMC Investment analyst
Greg Roh, adding that marketing costs for the mobile business would rise in the
next quarter, pushing profits lower.

Some analysts said Samsung's decision to launch the Galaxy S7 models a month
earlier than their predecessors may have simply have brought forward sales. -
(Reuters)

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             672 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                                 August 3, 2016

Samsung Electronics unveils new curved-screen Galaxy Note phone in H2 sales push

LENGTH: 452  words


Samsung Electronics Co Ltd on Wednesday unveiled a new Galaxy Note smartphone
with a curved screen and iris-recognition technology, seeking to build on the
sales momentum that has helped it roar back to surging profit growth.

The logo of Samsung Electronics is seen at its headquarters in Seoul, South
Korea, July 28, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

Samsung Electronics Co Ltd on Wednesday unveiled a new Galaxy Note smartphone
with a curved screen and iris-recognition technology, seeking to build on the
sales momentum that has helped it roar back to surging profit growth.

Samsung, the world's top smartphone maker, saw its January-June mobile profit
jump 49 percent from a year earlier, thanks to robust sales of its flagship
Galaxy S7 devices as well as a line-up overhaul that ditched unpopular models
for fewer but more attractive new mid-to-low tier products.

The South Korean firm is betting the new big-screen device - the Galaxy Note 7 -
will help sustain its mobile business revival through the second half, though
new launches from rivals like Apple Inc will likely steal some of the thunder.

Samsung is using a 5.7-inch, curved screen display for the Galaxy Note 7. The
new device employs a similar design to the Galaxy S series, but offers a larger
screen and functions involving a pen accessory. Grip on the device was also
improved to make it easier to be used with one hand.

The firm didn't disclose pricing, but said sales will begin in a first group of
markets on Aug. 19 without saying exactly where.

The new smartphone is a successor to last year's flat-screen Galaxy Note 5, but
the firm opted to skip a digit and give it the number 7 to make numbering
consistent with the latest version of the Galaxy S which began selling in March.

Researcher Strategy Analytics said the curved-screen Galaxy S7 edge was the
world's best-selling Android smartphone during the first half of this year.
Samsung hopes the new curved-screen Note phone will enjoy a similar appeal.

The Note 7 also features an iris scanner, allowing users to unlock the device
through the recognition of their eyes - the first such application for a Samsung
smartphone. The firm earlier this year announced a tablet device with the
feature for India.

The Galaxy Note 7 will also be compatible with Samsung Pay, a mobile payments
service that competes with Apple Pay, among others, which Samsung hopes will
help boost margins for its devices and set its products apart from other Android
phones.

Samsung also unveiled a new version of its Gear VR virtual reality headset with
upgraded features such as improved viewing angles. Company executives say
promotional activities pairing a VR device with the Galaxy S7 phones helped
boost sales this year.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             673 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Daily News Egypt

                             July 7, 2016 Thursday

Samsung flags huge second-quarter profit jump

BYLINE: Deutsche Welle

LENGTH: 267 words


South Korea's Samsung Electronics has said it's on course to log its biggest
operating profit in more than two years. The company indicated brisk sales of
its high-end Galaxy S7 smartphone were behind the estimates.

Samsung Electronics said Thursday it was confident of booking its largest
operating profit since the first quarter of 2014.

The South Korean predicted an operating profit of 8.1 trillion won ($6.9
billion, 6.2 billion euros) for the April-to-June period, up a staggering 17
percent from the same period a year earlier.

Analysts attributed the better-than-expected figures to the company's aggressive
cost-cutting efforts and rising sales of its Galaxy S7, the latest version of
its high-end flagship smartphone.

"Samsung's mobile unit is believed to have performed well thanks to robust sales
of Galaxy S7s and thanks to an overhaul of its low- and mid-end handset lineup,"
NH Investment & Securities analyst Peter Lee told Reuters.

Thriving despite strong rivals

Lee estimated that in the second quarter the firm sold more than 16 million
units of the S7, which was introduced in March ahead of new launches by
competitors, including Apple.

Analysts also pointed to Samsung's strong semiconductor business, which produces
memory chips for its own gadgets as well as for clients like Apple.

Samsung is the world's No. 2 chipmaker and has dominated production of faster,
larger-capacity chips using a technology called 3D NAND.

The South Korean giant was the first to use that technology and has been
producing high-margin chips used in mobile gadgets and hard drives for servers.

hg/jd (Reuters, dpa)

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 11


         Copyright 2016 Daily News Egypt - Egyptian Media Services Ltd.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             674 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Essex Chronicle

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday

'My burning phone was so hot it burned concrete pavement'

BYLINE: Richard Brown richard.brown@essexchronicle.co.uk

SECTION: NEWS:LETTERS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 382  words


THIS is the moment a mum's £500 mobile phone "exploded in her hands" and filled
a restaurant with thick white smoke.

Sarah Crockett, 30, was eating in Hold the Anchovies in Witham with husband
Matt, 29, when her Samsung Galaxy S7 began to overheat, expanding in her hand
before melting the surface of the table.

The shocking incident, which happened at about 9.30am on Friday September 9, was
captured on CCTV inside the Newland Street restaurant. Sarah, a supply teacher,
said: "I had hardly been using my phone all morning and it seemed absolutely
fine.

"My husband asked me a question, so I picked my phone up and felt the back swell
up in my hands. The next  second it was boiling hot. I dropped the phone, and
that is why you can see me jumping up in the CCTV. As I let it go, smoke started
coming out and it just fizzled and smoked away for about an hour. It burnt the
table in the restaurant and when we took it outside onto the pavement, it melted
a phone shape into the concrete."

Tech giant Samsung has already had to issue a full recall of the £750 Note 7,
after similar incidents in which devices burst into flames while charging.

While Sarah lost all of her contacts, and pictures of her two children,
four-year-old Ollie and five-year-old Layla, she acknowledged that the incident
could have been much worse.

"It is more scary to think about what could have happened and how dangerous it
could have been. If I had been driving, the car would have filled up with smoke
in seconds and the way it got hot so quickly, if it had been in my pocket I
could have been badly burnt."

With the help of waiter Jordan Pierce, 32, Sarah got the phone outside in a
tea-towel, before sending CCTV footage  inside the restaurant off to Samsung.

Despite the shocking images, however, they were unwilling to provide Sarah, who
lives in Silver End, with a new phone. While she does now have a replacement
Galaxy S7, she said there was an element of fear in using it.

"Without sounding dramatic, I am a bit nervous," she added. "I feel a little bit
anxious and I don't really want my children picking up my phone."

A Samsung spokesperson said: "There are no known safety issues with Galaxy S7
devices. Samsung takes customer queries extremely seriously and inquiries are
investigated  on a case-by-case basis."

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CREDIT IS VERY IMPORTANT Sarah Crockett from Essex with her Samsung
Galaxy S7 mobile phone which exploded while she was out having dinner with her
husband. Material must be credited "The Sun/News Syndication" unless otherwise
agreed. 100% surcharge if not credited. Online rights need to be cleared
separately. Strictly one time use only subject to agreement with News
Syndication
BURNING UP: Sarah Crockett is seen in the restaurant with her mobile as it
starts to get hot and smoke Photo: News Syndication

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             675 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Mirror

                            February 22, 2016 Monday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

Galaxy calls up old faves

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 76 words


SAMSUNG is launching its latest flagship smartphones - by bringing back some old
features.

The Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge both accept MicroSD cards, allowing their storage to
be expanded, and can also be submerged underwater.

Their overall design, however, is similar to the Galaxy S6 line-up.

Rival LG has announced a modular Android smartphone which will offer extra
functions via add-on parts.

The huge phone show, Mobile World Congress, opens in Barcelona today.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: UNVEILED S7and S7 Edge

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMR


                            Copyright 2016 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             676 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            June 15, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung lures game aficionados with VR tech

LENGTH: 97 words


[THE INVESTOR] Samsung Electronics is showcasing its Galaxy S7 smartphone and
virtual reality headset Gear VR at the E2 2016, the world's largest game trade
show, held in Los Angeles from June 14 to 16.

The Galaxy S7 and its curved-display variant Galaxy S7 edge are the first
smartphones that support the Vulkan, a cross-platform application programming
interface which can improve the graphics of mobile games by fully utilizing
multi-core mobile processors.

At the trade show, Samsung also showcased a host of gaming tools including one
for a 4-D skateboard game.

By Kim Young-won (

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             677 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                              June 7, 2016 Tuesday

'Most rugged' smartphone Samsung Galaxy S7 Active launched at $750

LENGTH: 209  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, June 7 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Samsung launched Galaxy S7 Active in the US on Tuesday. It's a phone with
features which gives an impression that the device is all geared to foray into a
real time battlefield.


 The new launch has almost the same features as the flagship S7, but for the
rugged exterior.
 Interestingly, Samsung claims the S7 active passes the U.S. Military Standard
(MIL-STD) 810G tests for a "ruggedized phone", and can face exposure to high and
low temperatures, salt fog, humidity, and shock. The test includes dropping the
phone in different ways onto two inches of plywood over concrete from a height
of at least four feet.
 The phone has the latest Snapdragon 820 SoC with a quad-core CPU utilizing
Qualcomm's custom 64-bit Kryo cores and Adreno 530 GPU as the predecessor.
 This is paired with 4GB of LPDDR4 RAM and 32GB of UFS 2.0 NAND. Additional
internal storage options are not available for the S7 active, but it still
supports microSD cards for expansion.
 S7 Active will be offered in Cammo Green, Titanium Gray, Sandy Gold. It will be
available for purchase online or in AT&T stores on June 10.
 It is priced at $26.50 for 30 months with an AT&T Next plan or $33.13 a month
for 24 months with an AT&T Next Every Year plan.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             678 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             April 24, 2016 Sunday

Who will emerge as the king of Android smartphone cameras?

LENGTH: 467  words


The title for the best smartphone camera crown changes multiple times every year

 as the biggest names of the industry compete against each other by cramping
impressive imagery and optical technologies on their latest smartphones- almost
turning them into a mini DSLR.

Right now, we have with us three best Android smartphones that money can buy:
The Samsung Galaxy S7, the HTC 10, and the LG G5. Before we start to do a
side-by-side image quality comparison, let's add a thing or two about the
onboard optics of these smartphones

Samsung decided to revamp its camera strategy for the Galaxy S7 by implementing
a 12MP rear camera module with a faster F1.7 lens. This allows the user to
create natural bokeh effects for close up shots, and capture low-light subject
with less noise.

Don't be fooled by the lower megapixel count, as the new sensor pixel size has
been increased to 1.4um for capturing more light. The 26mm focal length should
be sufficient for clicking wide-angle shots. The front 5MP CMOS snapper is also
treated with a F1.7 lens.

For all those landscape shooters out there, LG made a smart move by implementing
not one, but two different main cameras on the G5: A 16MP camera with F1.8 lens
for all your standard clicks, and an 8MP sensor with F2.4 lens that offers a
135-degree wide-angle view. The front camera consists of an 8MP module and F2
lens.

The HTC 10 is integrated with HTC's best ever 12MP UltraPixel sensor on the back
(1.55um per UltraPixel, 26mm focal length), while the front camera optics
consist of a 5MP image sensor with 23mm wider focal length. Both the cameras
operate with a bright F1.8 lens.

As for the built-in AF system, the Galaxy S7 brings in the goodness of
Dual-Pixel phase detection that can focus quickly even on low-light conditions.
The LG G5 and the HTC 10 are fitted with laser autofocus. All the three
smartphones come with on-board Optical Image Stabilization (OIS) to minimize
shake. It should be noted that the HTC 10 is the world's first smartphone with
OIS for the front camera as well.

While these cameras now allow you to fiddle with different light settings for
better results, it's likely that the majority of users will not go through the
hassles of tweaking them. For our camera comparison, we have set all the three
cameras on Auto mode with HDR and 16:9 ratio capture. The following are the
megapixel configuration that we have chosen for the test:

- Samsung Galaxy S7: 3.8MP front/ 9.1MP rear - LG G5: 8MP front (default)/ 16MP
normal rear, 8MP wide-angle rear (default), OIS selected - HTC 10: 4MP front/
9MP rear

We will be testing the cameras based on the following situations: Outdoor
daytime shots, Indoor shots, Color focused shots, Macro, Zoom, Outdoor night
shots, and People.

1
2
3
4
5
6
»

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/23/146149660583.JPG



LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             679 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            August 3, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung Electronics unveils new curved-screen Galaxy Note phone in H2 sales push

LENGTH: 560  words


Samsung Electronics Co Ltd on Wednesday unveiled a new Galaxy Note smartphone
with a curved screen and iris-recognition technology, seeking to build on the
sales momentum that has helped it roar back to surging profit growth.

Jonathan Wong of Samsung's Knox Product Marketing, shows the iris scanner
feature of the Galaxy Note 7, in New York, July 28, 2016. [Photo/IC]

Samsung Electronics Co Ltd on Wednesday unveiled a new Galaxy Note smartphone
with a curved screen and iris-recognition technology, seeking to build on the
sales momentum that has helped it roar back to surging profit growth.

Samsung, the world's top smartphone maker, saw its January-June mobile profit
jump 49 percent from a year earlier, thanks to robust sales of its flagship
Galaxy S7 devices as well as a line-up overhaul that ditched unpopular models
for fewer but more attractive new mid-to-low tier products.

The South Korean firm is betting the new big-screen device - the Galaxy Note 7 -
will help sustain its mobile business revival through the second half, though
new launches from rivals like Apple Inc will likely steal some of the thunder.

A color blending feature of the Galaxy Note 7 is demonstrated in New York, July
28, 2016. [Photo/IC]

Samsung is using a 5.7-inch, curved screen display for the Galaxy Note 7. The
new device employs a similar design to the Galaxy S series, but offers a larger
screen and functions involving a pen accessory. Grip on the device was also
improved to make it easier to be used with one hand.

The firm didn't disclose pricing, but said sales will begin in a first group of
markets on Aug. 19 without saying exactly where.

The new smartphone is a successor to last year's flat-screen Galaxy Note 5, but
the firm opted to skip a digit and give it the number 7 to make numbering
consistent with the latest version of the Galaxy S which began selling in March.

Researcher Strategy Analytics said the curved-screen Galaxy S7 edge was the
world's best-selling Android smartphone during the first half of this year.
Samsung hopes the new curved-screen Note phone will enjoy a similar appeal.

The Galaxy Note 7, foreground, is displayed in New York, July 28, 2016.
[Photo/IC]

The Note 7 also features an iris scanner, allowing users to unlock the device
through the recognition of their eyes - the first such application for a Samsung
smartphone. The firm earlier this year announced a tablet device with the
feature for India.

The Galaxy Note 7 will also be compatible with Samsung Pay, a mobile payments
service that competes with Apple Pay, among others, which Samsung hopes will
help boost margins for its devices and set its products apart from other Android
phones.

Samsung also unveiled a new version of its Gear VR virtual reality headset with
upgraded features such as improved viewing angles. Company executives say
promotional activities pairing a VR device with the Galaxy S7 phones helped
boost sales this year.

The logo of Samsung Electronics is seen at its headquarters in Seoul, South
Korea, July 28, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/54/147019391866.jpg

b083fe955b6c190b95523b.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/18/147019391982.jpg

b083fe955b6c190b95523a.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/86/147019392033.jpg

b083fe955b6c190b95523c.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/78/147019392078.jpg

b083fe955b6c190b962742.jpg

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             680 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Toronto Sun

                            October 14, 2016 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Galaxy collapsing on itself

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 156  words

DATELINE: MISSISSAUGA, Ont.


Samsung says Canadians with Galaxy Note 7 smartphones can start returning the
devices today as part of a global safety recall following reports of overheating
batteries that pose a fire hazard.

Samsung Electronics Canada Inc. of Mississauga, Ont., has advised consumers to
return the phones to the stores where they were bought.

Devices returned to retailers and carriers can be exchanged for a Galaxy S7 or
Galaxy S7 Edge phone, or customers can opt for a full refund for the recalled
Note 7s and specific accessories.

Samsung.com customers are being offered a refund upon receipt of the Galaxy Note
7s.

Samsung Canada says it will contact customers who bought their smartphones
through Samsung.com about the return process.

The South Korean electronics giant said Tuesday it would stop making and selling
the Note 7s and advised owners to turn offand stop using the smartphones.
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lee Jin-Man, The Associated Press; Canadians with Galaxy Note 7
smartphones can start returning the devices as of yesterday.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Toronto Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                             681 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Your best business partner

BYLINE: Komal Mohan

SECTION: REVIEWS

LENGTH: 1393 words


The Galaxy Note series of smartphones from Samsung have always garnered
accolades for its specifications, design, and not to miss the S Pen. The South
Korean giant launched its flagship phone, the Note 7 in India recently at a
price tag of Rs 59,990 .

This is a phone of many firsts for Samsung. Not only is this the first Galaxy
Note to feature a USB Type C port and iris scanner, it is also the first
smartphone to feature a Gorilla Glass 5 protection . Though its the sixth
smartphone of the Note series but the company decided to name it Note 7 and is a
successor to the Note 5 launched last year.

We played around with the device and here is our complete review.

Design and display

In terms of design, the Galaxy Note 7 comes across as an improvised version of
the Note 5 and the Galaxy S7 Edge featuring a dual-curved glass display.

The curves make the phone easy to hold and facilitate one-hand operations
despite sporting a 5.7-inch screen size.Though we tested the Black Onyx variant,
the smartphone is available in Gold Platinum and Silver Titanium as well.

The Galaxy Note 7 features a metallic unibody design gently-rounded at the
corners. Though sporting a Gorilla Glass 5 protection to sheild it from any kind
of damage on the front and back, it makes the smartphone a fingerprint magnet
and a bit slippery too.

It sports a protruding 12MP camera along with dual LED flash and a heart rate
sensor on the back similar to the Galaxy S7 Edge. The metal-clad edges have the
power button on the right and volume rocker keys on the left. While the hybrid
dual-sim card slot is at the top, the charging port, S-Pen slot and 3.5mm
headset jack are at the bottom.

A major change, Samsung has ditched the micro-USB port for the USB-Type C in the
Galaxy Note 7. The new S-Pen design enables one to insert and extract the
accessory either ways without damaging it.

The screen is a 5.7-inch curved Super AMOLED Quad HD display with a 1440 x 2560
pixels resolution, similar to the Galaxy S7 Edge thereby rendering an excellent
image quality. The phone comes with an 'Always On Display' feature that allows
you to see the date, time and notification icons onscreen even when the phone is
locked or in sleep mode.

The physical Home button is at the bottom along with two capacitive navigation
keys. The home button also integrates an extremely responsive fingerprint sensor
. On the top, the front-facing camera and iris scanner are placed above the
receiver grille. The Galaxy Note 7 is the first Samsung smartphone to come up
with this security feature.

Performance

Conforming to its flagship status, the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 sports an octa-core
processor and a 4GB RAM. No heating issues or lags were encountered during the
test (though there have been reports of some units exploding). Graphic-heavy
games, such as Asphalt 8 and Modern Combat 5 were easily playable and so were
popular videos.

The call quality, in weaker reception areas, was good (However this differs from
operator to operator). The sound through the speaker outlet was loud and is best
when kept horizontally. However, since the only speaker grille is placed at the
bottom, it is not suitable for landscape viewing.

Though the Galaxy Note 7 runs on the Android 6 Marshmallow platform, the company
has promised an update to the Android 7 Nougat soon. It comes with an app
launcher with a search bar at the top and comes pre-loaded with the usual Google
apps, Galaxy Apps, Samsung Gear app, S health, and Microsoft apps to name a few.

The smartphone is an IP68 waterproof unit, which means that it can withstand up
to six feet of water for 30 minutes. During our tests, the phone survived a
thorough rinsing under the sink, and immersion in a bowl of water.

An interesting feature of the phone is the Secure Folder which lets you lock
away your pictures, memos and apps protected by a fingerprint, iris scan,
password or a passcode.

READ ALSO: Samsung Galaxy Note 7 shipments delayed over reports of exploding
units

However, unlike other S series models, the Galaxy Note 7 has only one variant -
with the edge screen. The edge panel comes with easy customizations in terms of
its placement on the left or to the right, size, and even transparency. You can
use the panel to add shortcuts to apps, contacts, calendar, weather and more.

The Smart Stay feature detects your face with the front camera to keep the
screen on even when you are not touching it. There's also a blue-light-filter
mode meant to reduce eye-strain, a smart gesture control to take screenshots
with the swipe of your palm, and direct calling by bringing the phone close to
your ear after opening the contact details. Such features, although not
necessary, certainly add to the 'wow factor' of the smartphone.

In terms of battery, it comes with a 3,500mAh battery, a bit less than the
Samsung S7 Edge and can last for an entire day comfortably with moderate usage,
a couple of hours of phone calls, and some casual gaming and internet browsing.

Camera

Moving on to the cameras, the Galaxy Note 7 has the same camera as the Galaxy S7
Edge, which means that it is splendid. The smartphone has a 12MP rear camera
with LED flash and a 5MP front camera. Among the many shooting modes that the
camera app offers are Pastel, Monogram, and Retro. The 'pro' mode in the camera
app now has support for controlling the shutter speed and an even greater ISO
range. It also comes with features such as selective focus, slow motion,
Hyperlapse and Virtual Shot.

The camera focuses quickly and pictures captured are sharp with accurate
colours. The front 5MP camera is as impressive as the rear camera and won't
disappoint you at all.

Productivity and security

The major highlight of Galaxy Note phones is the S-Pen. It snugly fits into the
phone till you push to eject it out with the new spring-loading mechanism. Just
like the phone, the S Pen is also water-resistant and has a 0.7 mm tip. It has
4096 levels of pressure sensitivity, double than that of the Galaxy Note 5.

The S Pen works similar to how it did on the Galaxy Note 5. Ejecting the S-Pen
converts the lock screen of the phone into a writing memo screen. In an unlocked
screen, you will find Samsung's Air Command wheel with which you can create a
note, translate and screen write. The smart select feature is basically another
way of capturing a screenshot that you can crop. It even allows you to create
GIFs from a video on steaming sites such as YouTube or Vimeo. The translate
feature works when you hover the pen over a word and the phone translates it
automatically. However, the feature still requires some work as neither is it
fool-proof nor does it support all languages.

READ ALSO: Samsung Galaxy S8 camera details surface online

In terms of security, apart from offering a fingerprint sensor, the Note 7 comes
with an iris scanner - a first for Samsung . It is easy to set it up and works
super fast. It is noteworthy that although at the time of set up, it asks you to
not wear any contact lenses or glasses, it works just fine when you're wearing
them as well. You can have both (the iris scanner and fingerprint sensor)
enabled at the same time to unlock your phone.

Verdict

The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is a complete device in itself. It is hard for us to
pin point what is missing in it. It packs a powerful punch with its performance
and camera. Samsung, with the Galaxy Note 7, has definitely taken the 'fight of
flagships' to its competitors. At a steep price tag of Rs 59,990, it is
definitely not for everyone, but available only to the productivity-focused.

Advice: Don't jump to buy this one already. There are other interesting launches
coming up soon.

For all Samsung aficionados, here's a quick wrap of the specifications again:

Operating system: Android 6 Marshmallow

Processor: Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 octa-core 64-bit

RAM: 4GB

Storage: 64GB UFS 2.0 internal and microSD expansion card slot

Cameras: Dual pixel rear 12MP with f/1.7 aperture and 5MP front facing camera

Sensors: Iris scanner, fingerprint scanner, accelerometer, barometer, gyro, and
heart rate monitor

Battery: 3500 mAh non-removable with fast charging and fast wireless charging
technology

Water resistance: IP68 water and dust resistance

Dimensions: 153.5 x 73.9 x 7.9 mm and 169g

Wireless connectivity: 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac WiFi, MIMO, Bluetooth 4.2 LE, ANT+,
NFC, GPS, GLONASS, MST

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             682 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Your best business partner

BYLINE: Komal Mohan

SECTION: REVIEWS

LENGTH: 1393 words


The Galaxy Note series of smartphones from Samsung have always garnered
accolades for its specifications, design, and not to miss the S Pen. The South
Korean giant launched its flagship phone, the Note 7 in India recently at a
price tag of Rs 59,990 .

This is a phone of many firsts for Samsung. Not only is this the first Galaxy
Note to feature a USB Type C port and iris scanner, it is also the first
smartphone to feature a Gorilla Glass 5 protection . Though its the sixth
smartphone of the Note series but the company decided to name it Note 7 and is a
successor to the Note 5 launched last year.

We played around with the device and here is our complete review.

Design and display

In terms of design, the Galaxy Note 7 comes across as an improvised version of
the Note 5 and the Galaxy S7 Edge featuring a dual-curved glass display.

The curves make the phone easy to hold and facilitate one-hand operations
despite sporting a 5.7-inch screen size.Though we tested the Black Onyx variant,
the smartphone is available in Gold Platinum and Silver Titanium as well.

The Galaxy Note 7 features a metallic unibody design gently-rounded at the
corners. Though sporting a Gorilla Glass 5 protection to sheild it from any kind
of damage on the front and back, it makes the smartphone a fingerprint magnet
and a bit slippery too.

It sports a protruding 12MP camera along with dual LED flash and a heart rate
sensor on the back similar to the Galaxy S7 Edge. The metal-clad edges have the
power button on the right and volume rocker keys on the left. While the hybrid
dual-sim card slot is at the top, the charging port, S-Pen slot and 3.5mm
headset jack are at the bottom.

A major change, Samsung has ditched the micro-USB port for the USB-Type C in the
Galaxy Note 7. The new S-Pen design enables one to insert and extract the
accessory either ways without damaging it.

The screen is a 5.7-inch curved Super AMOLED Quad HD display with a 1440 x 2560
pixels resolution, similar to the Galaxy S7 Edge thereby rendering an excellent
image quality. The phone comes with an 'Always On Display' feature that allows
you to see the date, time and notification icons onscreen even when the phone is
locked or in sleep mode.

The physical Home button is at the bottom along with two capacitive navigation
keys. The home button also integrates an extremely responsive fingerprint sensor
. On the top, the front-facing camera and iris scanner are placed above the
receiver grille. The Galaxy Note 7 is the first Samsung smartphone to come up
with this security feature.

Performance

Conforming to its flagship status, the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 sports an octa-core
processor and a 4GB RAM. No heating issues or lags were encountered during the
test (though there have been reports of some units exploding). Graphic-heavy
games, such as Asphalt 8 and Modern Combat 5 were easily playable and so were
popular videos.

The call quality, in weaker reception areas, was good (However this differs from
operator to operator). The sound through the speaker outlet was loud and is best
when kept horizontally. However, since the only speaker grille is placed at the
bottom, it is not suitable for landscape viewing.

Though the Galaxy Note 7 runs on the Android 6 Marshmallow platform, the company
has promised an update to the Android 7 Nougat soon. It comes with an app
launcher with a search bar at the top and comes pre-loaded with the usual Google
apps, Galaxy Apps, Samsung Gear app, S health, and Microsoft apps to name a few.

The smartphone is an IP68 waterproof unit, which means that it can withstand up
to six feet of water for 30 minutes. During our tests, the phone survived a
thorough rinsing under the sink, and immersion in a bowl of water.

An interesting feature of the phone is the Secure Folder which lets you lock
away your pictures, memos and apps protected by a fingerprint, iris scan,
password or a passcode.

READ ALSO: Samsung Galaxy Note 7 shipments delayed over reports of exploding
units

However, unlike other S series models, the Galaxy Note 7 has only one variant -
with the edge screen. The edge panel comes with easy customizations in terms of
its placement on the left or to the right, size, and even transparency. You can
use the panel to add shortcuts to apps, contacts, calendar, weather and more.

The Smart Stay feature detects your face with the front camera to keep the
screen on even when you are not touching it. There's also a blue-light-filter
mode meant to reduce eye-strain, a smart gesture control to take screenshots
with the swipe of your palm, and direct calling by bringing the phone close to
your ear after opening the contact details. Such features, although not
necessary, certainly add to the 'wow factor' of the smartphone.

In terms of battery, it comes with a 3,500mAh battery, a bit less than the
Samsung S7 Edge and can last for an entire day comfortably with moderate usage,
a couple of hours of phone calls, and some casual gaming and internet browsing.

Camera

Moving on to the cameras, the Galaxy Note 7 has the same camera as the Galaxy S7
Edge, which means that it is splendid. The smartphone has a 12MP rear camera
with LED flash and a 5MP front camera. Among the many shooting modes that the
camera app offers are Pastel, Monogram, and Retro. The 'pro' mode in the camera
app now has support for controlling the shutter speed and an even greater ISO
range. It also comes with features such as selective focus, slow motion,
Hyperlapse and Virtual Shot.

The camera focuses quickly and pictures captured are sharp with accurate
colours. The front 5MP camera is as impressive as the rear camera and won't
disappoint you at all.

Productivity and security

The major highlight of Galaxy Note phones is the S-Pen. It snugly fits into the
phone till you push to eject it out with the new spring-loading mechanism. Just
like the phone, the S Pen is also water-resistant and has a 0.7 mm tip. It has
4096 levels of pressure sensitivity, double than that of the Galaxy Note 5.

The S Pen works similar to how it did on the Galaxy Note 5. Ejecting the S-Pen
converts the lock screen of the phone into a writing memo screen. In an unlocked
screen, you will find Samsung's Air Command wheel with which you can create a
note, translate and screen write. The smart select feature is basically another
way of capturing a screenshot that you can crop. It even allows you to create
GIFs from a video on steaming sites such as YouTube or Vimeo. The translate
feature works when you hover the pen over a word and the phone translates it
automatically. However, the feature still requires some work as neither is it
fool-proof nor does it support all languages.

READ ALSO: Samsung Galaxy S8 camera details surface online

In terms of security, apart from offering a fingerprint sensor, the Note 7 comes
with an iris scanner - a first for Samsung . It is easy to set it up and works
super fast. It is noteworthy that although at the time of set up, it asks you to
not wear any contact lenses or glasses, it works just fine when you're wearing
them as well. You can have both (the iris scanner and fingerprint sensor)
enabled at the same time to unlock your phone.

Verdict

The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is a complete device in itself. It is hard for us to
pin point what is missing in it. It packs a powerful punch with its performance
and camera. Samsung, with the Galaxy Note 7, has definitely taken the 'fight of
flagships' to its competitors. At a steep price tag of Rs 59,990, it is
definitely not for everyone, but available only to the productivity-focused.

Advice: Don't jump to buy this one already. There are other interesting launches
coming up soon.

For all Samsung aficionados, here's a quick wrap of the specifications again:

Operating system: Android 6 Marshmallow

Processor: Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 octa-core 64-bit

RAM: 4GB

Storage: 64GB UFS 2.0 internal and microSD expansion card slot

Cameras: Dual pixel rear 12MP with f/1.7 aperture and 5MP front facing camera

Sensors: Iris scanner, fingerprint scanner, accelerometer, barometer, gyro, and
heart rate monitor

Battery: 3500 mAh non-removable with fast charging and fast wireless charging
technology

Water resistance: IP68 water and dust resistance

Dimensions: 153.5 x 73.9 x 7.9 mm and 169g

Wireless connectivity: 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac WiFi, MIMO, Bluetooth 4.2 LE, ANT+,
NFC, GPS, GLONASS, MST

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             683 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            November 4, 2016 Friday

Free 'battery-pack' with Galaxy S7-Edge

SECTION: Vol. 30 No. 241

LENGTH: 133  words


Samsung Pakistan has launched a special offer to give a free 'Battery-Pack' to
every buyer of its premium smartphone device - the Galaxy S7 Edge.

The Samsung battery pack, with a 5200mAh capacity, allows you to charge your
fast charge-compatible Samsung device from 0 to 50% in only 30 minutes.

So, now the customers can enjoy this fast-charge technology on-the-go, as the
battery-pack can be recharged over and over.

With a universal USB port output, the Samsung Battery-Pack can also charge other
smartphones, tablets or electronics capable of charging via USB.

This makes it compatible with; Galaxy Note 4, Galaxy Note Edge, Galaxy S6,
Galaxy S6 active, Galaxy S6 Edge, Galaxy S6 Edge+ and Galaxy Note5.

When fully powered, this Battery-Pack holds enough juice to charge these devices
at least 1.5 times.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             684 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                      February 29, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Rumor: Samsung will likely launch Galaxy Note 6 in August

BYLINE: Anja Prohaska

LENGTH: 226  words


With the latest Samsung Galaxy flagship handsets -- Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge
-- having been unveiled by the South Korean device maker at the 2016 Mobile
World Congress trade show last week, speculations are now making rounds about an
apparently forthcoming introduction of Galaxy Note 6.

Against the backdrop of Samsung's precedence of unveiling new devices in the
Note smartphone line in the month of August every year, it is being rumored that
the much-anticipated Galaxy Note 6 will be launched by Samsung in Europe in
August 2016.

The speculations of a possible August launch of Galaxy Note 6 are, more
specifically, based on the fact that Samsung launched the Galaxy Note 5, in
coincidence with the launch of Galaxy S6 Edge, on August 13 last year.

In the wake of the speculated unveiling of the Galaxy Note 6 by Samsung in
August, rumors have started making rounds on the Internet about the memory chip
inside the upcoming handset. The rumors are rooted in Samsung's announcement on
February 25 that it has commenced the mass production of the 256 GB UFS 2.0
memory chips, which the company evidently plans to use in high-end handsets.

About the memory chips, Samsung said in part of its press release: "The new
256GB UFS memory is capable of supporting seamless Ultra HD video playback and
multitasking functionality on large-screen mobile devices."

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             685 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

VR made affordable for Samsung phone users

BYLINE: Lisabel Ting

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 620 words


The latest version of the Samsung Gear VR virtual reality (VR) headset was
released in August, in conjunction with the launch of the company's Galaxy Note7
smartphone.

This is the second consumer edition of the headset, which uses a Samsung
smartphone to run VR programs and as a display.

The most obvious difference is that the body of the new Gear VR is black,
instead of white. This is not a purely aesthetic change, but a functional one as
well, as the darker colour reduces glare and provides a more immersive
experience.

The rest of the new headset is very similar to the old version. The back edges
of the Gear VR are still lined with soft foam padding over rubber, which ensures
a close but comfortable fit.

There is still a focus wheel on the top of the headset, and two head straps, one
going around the head and one over.

The weights of the headsets are also similar. The old one weighed 318g without a
smartphone, and the new one clocks in at 312g. Pair it with a Note7 (169g), and
this adds up to 481g - on par with the Oculus Rift (470g), and lighter than the
HTC Vive (555g).

The most obvious difference is that the body of the new Gear VR is black,
instead of white. This is not a purely aesthetic change, but a functional one as
well.

The field of view has widened, from 96 degrees to 101. While it does not feel
very different in practice, it is a nice upgrade.

The biggest functional change is the inclusion of USB-C connectivity, to cater
to Note7 phones.

TECH SPECS

PRICE: $148

FIELD OF VIEW: 101 degrees

WEIGHT: 312g

CONNECTIVITY: USB-C and Micro-USB

COMPATIBLE DEVICES: Samsung Galaxy Note7, Note5, S7, S7 edge, S6, S6 edge, S6
edge+

RATING

FEATURES: 4/5

DESIGN: 5/5

PERFORMANCE: 4/5

VALUE FOR MONEY: 5/5

OVERALL: 5/5

However, those with older phones like a Galaxy S7 or S7 edge need not worry, as
the connector can be swopped out for a Micro-USB one.

This can be done by toggling a switch on the connector to the unlocked position,
then sliding it out towards you. After putting in the Micro-USB connector, users
can lock it into place by toggling the switch again.

The device is compatible with the Note7 and Note5, and all phones from the S6
and S7 series.

The trackpad on the right side of the headset has also been changed. In the
previous iteration, it was grooved in four directions with a raised circle in
the middle, so users could feel where their fingers were even when wearing the
headset.

Now, the trackpad is smooth, save for a small raised line in the middle, which
provides for a cleaner experience overall.

Samsung has added a new Home button above the trackpad, while retaining the Back
button from the last model.

The Back button is slightly more raised, so users will be able to distinguish
between the two by touch alone.

The headset still caters to phones of two sizes, such as the smaller S6 and the
larger Note7. There is a long, flat button at the base of the connector which
allows you to move the connector's position to fit either phone size.

The button is pretty stiff and difficult to press, and often, I found myself
using my fingernail to reach it.

This would not be much of an issue, except that the headset's cover now latches
onto the connector and only fits when the connector's position is set for a
larger phone.

Before, the cover clipped onto the sides of the headset, and could be used in
any position. This means that when I was using it with the smaller S7, I had to
keep moving the connector whenever I wanted to store or use the Gear VR. It was
a frustrating chore.

That said, the Gear VR is still definitely the most affordable and accessible
way to experience virtual reality for Samsung phone users, and at $148 is a
must-buy accessory for Samsung smartphone owners.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The latest version of the Samsung Gear VR virtual reality (VR) headset
uses a Samsung smartphone to run VR programs and as a display.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             686 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                            October 24, 2016 Monday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Samsung announces new upgrade program for Galaxy Note 7 owners in S. Korea

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 126 words


Owners of Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 in South Korea are being offered a new
compensation package.

In a move to appease Galaxy Note 7 owners who had to exchange their faulty
devices for a Galaxy S7 after reports of battery fires and exploding phones, the
South Korean electronics and mobile giant announced an upgrade program that will
make them eligible for a Galaxy S8 or Galaxy Note 8 when they're launched next
year.

Customers will be able to upgrade to the forthcoming models at half the price of
the Galaxy S7.

This is Samsung's latest attempt to quell angry consumers. The company has also
offered 100,000 KRW (US$88) in compensation to Note 7 owners in the country.

There is no word on whether or not the upgrade program will be offered outside
South Korea.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2016 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                             687 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                WMI Company News

                            June 15, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung Pay lands in Australia

LENGTH: 217 words


South Korean tech giant Samsung has expanded the reach of its mobile payment
service Samsung Pay in the Asia-Pacific region by launching it in Australia.

The service, which is already available in South Korea, US, China, and Spain,
will be supported by American Express and Citibank at launch, the company said.

Samsung Pay will work only on the Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge, Galaxy S6 edge+,
Galaxy Note 5, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge.

It uses fingerprint authentication and digital tokens to encrypt the
cardholder's information and provide a strong level of security. The app also
uses MST (Magnetic Secure Transmission), which enables it to be used on most
terminals, including magnetic stripe.

Samsung Australia vice president for mobile division Prasad Gokhale said:
"Today's launch of Samsung Pay offers more than a secure and convenient way for
Samsung smartphone owners to pay. It's the next development for Australians who
use their smartphone as the central device to live, organise and enjoy their
lives."

"Australia is a market of early technology adopters and by providing a platform
open to all partners, ranging from government to financial institutions and
retailers, while upholding the highest standards of security and data privacy,
Samsung is fueling the transition to a truly digital wallet."

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 World Market Intelligence Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             688 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            August 3, 2016 Wednesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Samsung's pricey Galaxy Note 7 refines pen, security;
A leap forward from Note 5, this big phone is worth some ogling

BYLINE: @edbaig, ebaig@usatoday.com, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 725 words


Samsung Electronics unveiled its latest big-screen Galaxy Note smartphone at a
packed Manhattan venue Tuesday --and jumped from last year's model, the Galaxy
Note 5, to what is being called the Galaxy Note 7.

By skipping what would have been a Note 6, Samsung seems to be delivering two
messages: that this latest Note device is essentially built on the same
foundation as Samsung's popular flagship S7 and S7 edge smartphones, which
arrived in March and  have helped the company turn around what had been a
slumping handset business; and that Note 7 represents a  significant leap
forward.

I'll reserve judgment on just how big a leap once I've gotten extended time with
Note 7.

My first takeaway is very positive -- though the phone, which will start to
become available Aug. 19 -- is expensive. It will cost $850 at T-Mobile and is a
bit higher on other carriers.

Samsung pioneered the "phablet" category when it launched the original Note in
2011, a device met at the time with considerable skepticism. What set Note
devices apart from Samsung's (and other) more "mainstream" handsets were what
were considered to be relatively humongous screens  and the presence of a
digital stylus known as S Pen.

The newest incarnation has a 5.7-inch display, which while large, is hardly an
aberration nowadays.

And Notes have emerged as one of Samsung's most successful products. The company
says Note customers are its most loyal and are the most satisfied. Note users
spend about 20% more time consuming videos, 30% more time on games and 50% more
time on business than users on other devices.

With Note 7, the S Pen that you can stash away into a slot on the device is more
precise than on earlier models. The pen tip is finer, and there are deeper
levels of pressure sensitivity, so that when you press harder you can draw
thicker lines or press more gently for a thinner result. The new S Pen felt
natural to write with.

Note-taking is faster. You can quickly pin a handwritten note --maybe your
grocery list -- to an "always-on" display. And because Note 7 and the pen itself
are water-resistant, you can even write on a screen that gets wet, something I
got to successfully demonstrate.

You can employ the pen for other tricks: By hovering over words within an
application, you can translate those words from 38 different languages into 71
other languages. (You'll have to set up the language you want to use ahead of
time.) You can also hover over text to zoom in by up to 300%. And using the S
Pen, you can create animated GIFs.

Iris scans

Samsung has also beefed up security on the device. In addition to its Knox
security system and the fingerprint scanner on earlier models, Samsung will now
let you authenticate your identify with iris recognition. I was able to quickly
train a Note 7 to recognize me, which meant I could get past the lock screen
just by staring into the front camera. Samsung is teaming up with a half-dozen
banks including Citi, Bank of America and US Bank, in integrating what it calls
Samsung Pass, which would let you use iris scans in lieu of passwords.

Also new is a  Secure Folder, where you can stash  your most sensitive
information because it gets an extra layer of security.

Other quick notes on Note: The sub-6-ounce, Android (Marshmallow) phone has a
curved, dual-edge Quad HD 5.7-inch display (2560-by-1440) with a secondary
edge-panel display similar to the S7 edge. From the customizable edge display,
you can get one-touch access to headlines, apps, a selfie camera and more.

I haven't taken pictures yet, but the phone has a 12-megapixel camera with
optical image stabilization and a front-facing 5-megapixel camera, just like on
the S7.

wireless charging

The phone  supports fast charging and wireless charging (with an optional pad).
It has a USB-C type connector but  includes an adapter for  older accessories.
It  comes with 64 GB of internal memory, which you can expand through microSD
cards.  Under a temporary promotion, Note 7 (or Galaxy S7 edge) buyers can get a
256 GB memory card  free or a Gear Fit2 fitness tracker.

Galaxy Note 7 is  compatible with a brand-new version of Samsung's Gear VR
headset, which Samsung  announced  Tuesday.

"Samsung has ... had a very good 2016 so far," says Patrick Moorhead, president
of Moor Insights & Strategy.

If it lives up to its  promise, the Note 7 may make it even better.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Photos by Richard Drew, AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             689 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                    Trak.in

                      August 11, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Reliance Jio to Offer Free SIM With Every Smartphone Purchase Over Rs. 10,000

BYLINE: Anand Karwa

LENGTH: 437  words


The highly anticipated launch of Reliance Jio 4G services is just around the
corner (expected to be launched on August 15th). As India embraces the
commercial launch of the services of the world's largest start-up, we have some
good news for you. Reliance Jio is planning to offer free Jio 4G SIM to anyone
who purchases smartphone costing Rs. 10,000 and above.

Earlier, Jio connections were available on an invite basis only to the friends
and families of Jio's employees. The company later offered this to anyone who
registered interest in testing their 4G network on Jio's website. All those
testers had to buy LFY smartphones to use Jio 4G free for 90 days under the 'Jio
Preview' offer.

Under this preview offer, the users were offered unlimited 4G data, unlimited
video calls and SMS, 4500 minutes of voice calls, and free access to Jio's
premium services ranging from cloud storage to security to media streaming and
live TV.

Recently, this preview offer was extended to users having select Samsung
smartphones including Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 edge, Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6
edge, Galaxy S6 edge Plus, Galaxy Note Edge, Galaxy Note 5 / Note 5 Duos, Galaxy
Note 4 Galaxy A8, Galaxy A5 2015 and A5 2016 and Galaxy A7 2015 and A7 2016.

Jio also extended the Jio Preview offer to HP users who were offered to buy
'JioFi 2' hotspot device at a subsidized price of just Rs. 2,899.

According to a latest report, Jio would be offering free Jio SIM (under Jio
Preview Offer) to all who buy new smartphones costing above Rs. 10,000. This
offer would be made available around this weekend, near the expected commercial
launch of Jio 4G.

"We have news from our sources that a Jio SIM can soon be availed by anyone with
a new smartphone costing over Rs 10,000. The offer will be available around the
weekend leading to Independence Day. The other perks of the preview offer may
still be applicable for the new SIM where users can access unlimited data and
calls for 90 days," reports Aditya Shenoy of Pricebaba.com.

It is not clear whether the phone need to be specifically purchased from
Reliance Digital Stores or not. However, we think, it might be valid on new
mobile purchases only in Reliance Digital Stores.

LYF Smartphone Users Can Now Use Their Jio SIM On Any Device

It has been reported that Jio 4G SIM bundled with LYF smartphones are locked to
the device only for a period of 90 days. This means if you have been using a LYF
smartphone for more than 90 days, then you would be able to use your Jio SIM on
any device of your choice now.

Well, these is all about Jio that we have at the moment. Stay tuned on Trak.in
for updates.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 Trak.in, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             690 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      August 23, 2016 Tuesday 6:33 PM GMT

Apple's 2017 iPhone model could have a curved screen just like the Samsung
Galaxy S7 Edge;
Apple is due to release three iPhones next year, one of which will sport a
curved display, according to reports

BYLINE: By Rhiannon Williams

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 405 words


Apple will release an iPhone with a curved organic light-emitting diode (OLED)
display, similar to Samsung's Galaxy S7 Edge model, it has been reported.

The Californian company will launch three models in 2017; one sized at
4.7-inches and two measuring 5.5-inches - one of which will sport a display
which curves down over its sides, according to the Nikkei Asian Review .

The other two devices will have regular flat screens like past iPhone models,
the source added.

This is not the first time a curved iPhone has been rumoured. Artist Martin
Hajek created these concept images ahead of the iPhone 6 launch, based on
similar rumours at the time.

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone

Nikkei Technology Online has previously reported that Apple met with LG and
Samsung to discuss increasing OLED screen production ahead of September 2017 -
the date the theoretical iPhone 7s is likely to be released.

Both LG and Samsung are among Apple's suppliers.

OLED displays use less power and are generally brighter than their LED
counterparts.

Samsung is currently the only manufacturer to take advantage of an OLED
display's flexibility, starting with the curved sides of the Galaxy Note Edge in
early 2015 and continuing with this year's Galaxy S7 Edge.

iPhone 7 launch date CONFIRMED - Apple to unveil its new smartphone next week

Apple recently sold its one billionth iPhone, but has struggled in recent months
as the company's iPhone sales - which account for around two-thirds of the
company's overall sales - have fallen.

In July it announced sales of its smartphone were down 15% during its third
financial quarter, and forecast they would fall again during the fourth.

Introducing a new iPhone with a physical difference from its predecessors could
help to reignite consumer interest in the smartphone.

The last radical hardware change was the introduction of the larger iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus, a full 0.7-inches and 1.5-inches larger than the previous iPhone
5, which measured 4-inches.

The larger sizes proved such a hit with customers the company posted the biggest
profits ever reported by a company, selling a record 74.5 million iPhones in
three months, the equivalent of 34,000 units per hour.

Apple is due to reveal the much-anticipated iPhone 7 in the next few weeks.

Rumours suggest the new model could do away with both the physical home button
and headphone jack.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             691 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             May 18, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung Pay sees surge in transaction volume

LENGTH: 298 words


Tech giant Samsung Electronics said Wednesday that its mobile payment system
Samsung Pay has surpassed the 1 trillion-won ($847 million) mark in transaction
volume in South Korea.

First launched in the nation in August last year, the mobile payment system
which is available on Samsung's high-end smartphones, including the Galaxy S7
and S7 Edge, has seen constant growth in its number of subscribers due to robust
sales of the smartphones.

Models pose with Samsung Electronics' Galaxy S7 smartphones installed with the
payment solution Samsung Pay. (Samsung Electronics)

The mobile payment solution, which was previously available only at
brick-and-mortar shops with traditional payment terminals, or NFC-based
terminals, is now compatible with ATMs. It can also be used as a transport card
and a membership card, and Samsung Pay users can pay for purchases online.

The tech behemoth explained that the online availability of the payment solution
has contributed to the surge in transaction volume.

Online purchases through Samsung Pay stood at 200 billion won, or 20 percent of
entire transactions, according to the company.

"Samsung Pay has been growing at a rapid speed and changing the payment patterns
of consumers," Samsung said in a press release.

Samsung Pay, which now has more than 5 million users in countries including
China and the U.S., will hit more global markets in the coming months.

As the global expansion of Samsung Pay speeds up, competition with U.S.-based
Apple's mobile payment solution Apple Pay is expected to heat up down the road.

Apple CEO Tim Cook said earlier this month that the iPhone maker's mobile
payment system was gaining traction as it attracts a million new users per week
and its transaction volume was up five times compared to a year ago.

By Kim Young-won (

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             692 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                New Delhi Times

                          February 24, 2016 Wednesday

With its new S7 phone, Samsung looks even more like Apple

LENGTH: 854  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Feb. 24 -- Apple and Samsung phones, which have been looking more and
more alike over the past few years, are much closer to virtual twins with
Samsung's latest Galaxy S7. The convergence began two years ago when iPhones got
larger, mimicking Samsung's once-innovative, plus-sized "phablets." Last spring,
Samsung started emphasizing higher quality materials and sophisticated design,
just as Apple had for years. And last fall, Apple boosted the resolution on the
iPhone camera, narrowing one of the major gaps it had with Samsung.

With the S7, Samsung is lowering its camera's resolution - you read that right -
to match the iPhone's 12 megapixels. To be sure, there are key differences. Only
the latest iPhones have special features you activate by pressing harder on an
icon or link, while Samsung is among the biggest boosters of virtual reality.

It's too early to say which phone is better. Though Samsung announced the S7 on
Sunday at a wireless show in Barcelona, Spain, the phone isn't coming out until
March 11. My hands-on time has been limited to controlled settings.

And for most users it may end up being a draw - Samsung leads the pack among
Android phones, while Apple has its own self-contained ecosystem, iOS. For many,
a choice between the two could come down to preference for one system or another
- and the apps available for each.

For now, here's how Apple and Samsung phones stack up:

CAMERA

For both, the rear cameras are now at 12 megapixels - up from 8 for iPhones and
down from 18 for Samsung. That doesn't mean Samsung photos are getting worse,
though. In making the change, Samsung adopted the iPhone's 4-by-3 dimension,
ditching the widescreen format it had long used. Widescreen produces vertical
shots that are awkwardly tall, such that I've had to crop them to 4-by-3 anyway.
The 6 megapixel reduction is equivalent to chopping off the excess.

The front cameras are both at 5 megapixels, after Apple boosted its resolution
in the iPhone last fall. Apple also turned the screen into a flash for selfies.
Samsung, ever the fast follower, is now doing the same with the S7.

Samsung is promising improvements in low-light shots, borrowing techniques from
full-bodied, SLR cameras, though it'll require extensive tests to see how well
the camera performs. Even with last year's models, Samsung cameras tend to
produce brighter night shots than the iPhone. But I've also seen more distortion
when those shots are blown up. We'll see if that's been fixed with the S7.

SIZE

Samsung's 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 is slightly larger and heavier than the 4.7-inch
iPhone 6s, but not much so. There's a premium version of the S7 called the S7
Edge; both sides curve like a waterfall, such that the screen flows over the
side to the back of the phone. The Edge screen is 5.5 inches, but much of that
comes from the curvature. The phone itself is taller, but just a tad wider and
heavier.

Compared with the 5.5-inch iPhone 6s Plus, though, the S7 Edge is smaller.

EXTRAS

Neither the iPhone nor the S7 phone lets you replace the battery with a spare.
But the S7 does let you add storage. And the base model is 32 gigabytes, double
what the iPhone offers for starters.

Unlike the iPhone, the S7 is waterproof. There's no need to keep USB and other
ports sealed, as past waterproof phones did. The S7 also offers wireless
charging; you simply lay the phone flat on a charging base. However, wireless
charging is typically slower than plugging in a USB charger.

Apple and Samsung both let you unlock phones with your fingerprint rather than a
passcode. And both let you make payments with a tap at some retail stores. The
Samsung Pay service works with a greater range of merchants, but with credit
cards from fewer banks and in fewer countries for now than Apple Pay.

SHORTCUTS

The latest iPhones and the S7 Edge have shortcuts to common tasks, such as
taking selfies. With the iPhone, you hard press on an app icon. With the Edge,
you swipe from the right edge. That swipe also gets you headlines, frequent
contacts and favorite apps.

Apple lets third-party app makers create their own shortcuts, while Samsung does
not.

VIRTUAL REALITY

Samsung is ahead of Apple, though it faces competition from other Android
manufacturers, including LG. Samsung already has its own VR headset, while LG is
coming out with one. They won't work with each other's phones or any other
Android phone. Both companies will soon sell 360-degree cameras for taking VR
video. Apps on the phone will ease sharing with friends and viewing on the VR
devices.

AVAILABILITY

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus have been available since September. There has been
speculation that Apple is coming out with a smaller model soon, but it's not
expected to have all of the advanced features found in the 6S phones.

Advance orders for the S7 phones started this week. March 11 is the release date
in the U.S. and several other markets.

Source : AP & Image Courtesy : AP Photo

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Delhi Times. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 New Delhi Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             693 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Argus Weekend (South Africa)

                               February 28, 2016
                                   E1 Edition

Launching us into S7th heaven

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 906 words


Samsung launched its new Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge smartphones at Mobile World
Congress in Barcelona this past week.

Although details of the devices were widely leaked before the official unveiling
by the company's mobile chief DJ Koh, they didn't do justice to just how great
the two flagship projects look and feel in the reality.

One of the big disappointments of the S6 line was that Samsung did away with the
removable battery, water resistance and the micro SD card slot.

There's still no removable battery - nor is there likely to ever again be one,
given how these devices are now built. But Samsung's done the next best thing
(for traditionalists) by squeezing in bigger batteries.

The S7 comes with a 3 000mAh battery, up from the S6's 2 550mAh, while the S7
Edge, a bigger phone, boasts a beefy 3 600mAh battery, a full 1 000mAh bigger
than the one in last year's Edge. There's also a range of aftermarket battery
packs and wireless charging attachments available.

The micro SD card makes a welcome return, and both devices will ship with
Android 6.0 Marshmallow, which allows users to merge the SD card with the
internal flash memory to create a single big pool of storage.

One of the things I really liked about the Galaxy S5 was its water resistance.
Although its ingress protection level of IP67 meant it was only guaranteed to
guard against brief immersion, it was enough to save the phone from a temporary
dunking, like a drop in the loo or a poolside fumble.

I wasn't alone in my disappointment when Samsung removed even this mild level of
protection with the S6 line. But now it's back and better than ever.

With an IP68 rating, the S7 and S7 Edge are now both totally dust tight and will
withstand submersion in 1.5m of water for 30 minutes. Nicely played, Samsung.

The company's clearly heard its customers, a point underlined by Koh at the
launch.

"We listen to our customers and... never assume we know everything. Unlike some
companies, we would never presume to tell our customers what they should want,"
he said.

Speaking of Apple-bashing, the camera on the S7 and S7 Edge was repeatedly
compared at the launch to the snapper on the iPhone 6 - and not to Apple's
benefit.

Although the megapixel count has dropped from 16MP to 12MP, Samsung is billing
this as an upgrade because they've upped the pixel size, allowing more light
into each snap.

I've long believed raw megapixel count isn't a reliable gauge of a digital
camera's capabilities and Samsung may just have achieved the perfect balance
with the S7 and S7 Edge.

The low-light examples shown at the launch looked particularly impressive and
the few shots I snapped using the demo units bore this out.

As I mentioned earlier, both phones bear a passing resemblance to their
predecessors, which is not a bad thing as the S6 and S6 Edge were two of the
prettiest phones around. The new versions are, if anything, even more striking,
with the S7 Edge in my opinion now the most beautiful phone in the world.

Samsung has also improved how they feel in hand, with both devices easier to
hold and manipulate with one hand, despite fairly large sizes. The S7 has a
|5.1-inch, quad HD super amoled display like its predecessor and the Edge has a
bigger 5.5-inch quad HD super amoled display that's curved on both sides.

One of my gripes about the S6 Edge was that, although it was a real looker, it
didn't feel great, with its flat, fairly sharp back tending to cut into your
hand. The S7 Edge, by contrast, feels just as good as it looks.

The back of the phone now has a slight curve to it and it nestled nicely into my
medium-sized mitts. Surprisingly well, in fact, for such a big phone and a lot
better than the similarly sized iPhone 6S Plus. Samsung's also added plenty of
clever software features that make use of the device's curved edges. For
example, you're able to call up your favourite contacts, scroll through them and
dial one, all using the thumb of one hand.

Samsung had one more surprise in store for the tech journos gathered for their
event in Barcelona. Tethered to each chair in the hall was one of the company's
Gear VR (virtual reality) headsets, which were used for several demonstrations
during the launch. After one such demo, we removed our headsets to find a
surprise guest standing on stage - Facebook founder and chief executive Mark
Zuckerberg.

Facebook owns virtual reality company Oculus, which makes an expensive, high-end
headset called the Rift, and Zuckerberg was there to talk up the bright future
he sees for this new way of interacting with content.

The Gear VR is much cheaper and you don't need to pair it with a high-end PC.
Instead, you slot in one of Samsung's newer smartphones to access games and
other virtual reality content.

In an attempt to kickstart virtual reality adoption, Samsung announced it would
give away a pair of Gear VR headsets to anyone who pre-ordered an S7 or S7 Edge.
Samsung South Africa's Justin Hume confirmed this would apply in South Africa
too.

The S7 and S7 Edge land here on March 11. Local pricing has yet to be revealed,
but you can expect it to be on the high end of the spectrum.

Samsung's event took place in the run-up to Mobile Work Congress. Check out next
week's column for details of other product launches and more highlights of this,
the world's biggest trade show devoted exclusively to mobile technology. Alan
Cooper attended the event as a guest of Samsung.

l Follow Alan Cooper on Twitter @alanqcooper

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CZ


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             694 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Geelong Advertiser (Australia)

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday
                                Geelong Edition

Samsung S7 back to future

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 167 words


THE world's biggest mobile phone company will resurrect two popular features it
stripped from its smartphones a year ago in an attempt to win back fans.

And it will launch more virtual reality technology to win over Apple iPhone
diehards, it revealed in Barcelona yesterday.

Samsung unveiled two smartphones just a day before the Mobile World Congress
stars in Spain.

The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and 5.5-inch curved screen Galaxy S7 Edge will include
water-resistant bodies and expandable memory removed from previous models, while
adding faster, hybrid autofocus cameras, bigger batteries, and water-cooled
chips.

The South Korean giant will also launch a virtual reality camera for use with
the smartphones that can capture 360-degree video or photos to be viewed in VR
headsets, YouTube or Facebook.

The new phones will be available for pre-order in Australia this Friday for
$1149 and $1249 respectively.Samsung Australia mobile vice-president Prasad
Gokhale said the company regretted removing water resistance

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Geelong Advertiser


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             695 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                        June 24, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

LeEco's Le Max2 Outshines Rivals With CDLA Technology

BYLINE: Team TechTree

LENGTH: 362  words


The company claims the CLDA technology gives ita definitive edge against Samsung
Galaxy S7 and iPhone 6s Plus.

LeEco's second generation Superphone, Le Max2 has created substantial buzz in
the smartphone industry in India, leaving its competitors far behind. Powered by
unmatched specs, sublime aesthetics besides pioneering technology that is
futuristic, Le Max2 has a definitive edge against Samsung's Galaxy S7 and iPhone
6s Plus.

With the growth in content consumption on-the-go, millennials demand that the
overall video experience on their smartphones is well complemented with the
audio. Therefore, not only how content is viewed but also heard on a smartphone
becomes critical from a consumer perspective and an area that most smartphone
manufacturers have not shifted their focus on. LeEco's Le Max2 boasts the
company's proprietary and world's first Continual Digital Lossless Audio (CDLA)
technology, which LeEco says enables users to experience digital lossless audio.

What gives Le Max2 a clear edge as compared to Samsung's Galaxy S7 and iPhone 6s
Plus are its superlative specs, one of them being its pioneering CDLA
technology. In its second generation Superphone, LeEco has ditched the 3.5mm
audio jack, and has instead opted for a USB Type-C port. The new CDLA music
standard is all set to redefine the audio experience in smartphones with its
breakthrough technology and intelligence.

As competition surges in the smartphone industry, it becomes imperative for
phone manufacturers to offer a distinct benefit proposition to users, but minus
the hefty premiums that are usually attached to such unique features. Keeping
this in mind, players like LeEco have taken impressive steps to ensure that
their second generation Superphone Le Max2 that offers users an unmatched audio
experience.

An apple-to-apple comparison also shows that Le Max2 wins hands down when it
comes to its display and camera quality and storage capacity, in addition to
flaunting the Type-C port. Le Max2 also sports a powerful 21-megapixel rear and
8-megapixel front camera, supports PDAF, optical image stabilization (OIS) and
has 4K video recording capabilities,way ahead of its peers.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             696 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                        June 20, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

5 Best Screens From Android Based Smartphones

BYLINE: Team TechTree

LENGTH: 381  words


Being mindful and informed about the display quality of the screen will enhance
user experience.

The first point of contact with any smart-device, is usually its screen. Other
than looking at some of the obvious physical dimensions, consumers tend to
overlook the more minute technology bits, such as resolution, screen type, etc.
Here we have a list of 5 Android smartphones, which are known for their screen
quality:

1) Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge

It goes without a saying in the world of technology, that Samsung has some of
the best possible displays on the market, including its flagship devices like
the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. With an overall screen resolution of 1440x 2560
pixels, with Quad HD quality, and the Super AMOLED technology, the S7 Edge
stands out for the distinct quality of screens.

2) Motorola Moto X-Force

Very few phones on the current market produce the perfect balance, the way
Motorola Moto X-Force does. With a shatterproof 5-layer WQHD display, the screen
is known to have a pixel density of 540 Ppi, and produces the most enriched and
realistic colors. The company is known to have spent 4 years developing the
5-layer screen, to ensure durability as well as user friendly design.

3) Xiaomi Redmi Note 3

Though the Redmi Note 3 falls under the budget category of smartphones, the
screen quality is at par with some flagships in the market. Other than the
reflective glare from being under the sun, which can be adjusted well under the
Sunlight Display feature, the screen adjusts well according to the surroundings
and has decent outdoor visibility. This 5.5-inch Full HD IPS screen has viewing
angles up to 178-degrees, and the pixel density 403 Ppi.

4) HTC 10

HTC is synonymous with great physical design in its smartphones, and that is
exactly what it has done with the HTC 10 flagship. Though it is 5.2-inches in
size, it is a QHD display with a resolution of 1440x 2560 pixels, and covered
with Corning Gorilla Glass, which is famous for being durable.

5) Sony Xperia Z5 Premium

If you are someone who spends a lot of time staring at your smart-phone screen,
then the Sony Z5 premium's screen is exactly what you need. The 4k display of
the handset, comes into effect with the pre-installed albums and movie
applications from Sony, and working on Full HD mode otherwise.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             697 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             August 12, 2016 Friday

Samsung launches Gear VR for Note 7, Gear Fit 2 and IconX earbuds in India

BYLINE: Robin Sinha

SECTION: MORE GADGETS

LENGTH: 438 words


Samsung today launched its latest flagship phablet Galaxy Note 7 in India. The
smartphone is priced at Rs 59,900. Along with the Galaxy Note 7, the company
also launched a Gear VR for Note 7, Gear Fit 2 fitness tracker and Gear Icon X
wireless earbuds. The devices are priced at Rs 7290, Rs 13990 and Rs Rs 13,490
respectively.

Pre-booking for these devices starts on August 22nd. Besides Galaxy Note 7
support, the Oculus-based Gear VR also has features like a USB Type-C port and
micro-USB port for connecting the device to Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge, Galaxy
Note 5, Galaxy S6 Edge+, Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge. Featuring Accelerator,
Gyrometer and Proximity sensors, the new Gear VR weighs 345gm and offers
101-degree field of view. It will be available in Blue/Black colour options. The
design of the new Gear VR is the same as that of the original Gear VR, but with
a new colour and USB Type-C connectivity."By pairing the Galaxy Note 7 with the
new Gear VR powered by Oculus, users can experience premium virtual reality
almost anywhere. Galaxy Note 7's incredible Super AMOLED screen and powerful
processor deliver an ultra-immersive experience. The vast and ever growing
library of apps, photos, games and more puts users in the center of the action,"
said Samsung.The company also launched its Gear Fit 2 fitness band that comes
with an embedded GPS tracker and a heart rate monitor. Samsung says that the
Gear Fit 2 has an ergonomic, sleek and slim design. It also sports a
Super-AMOLED curved display with a high-resolution color touchscreen and comes
with Auto Activity Tracking feature. It's easy to transfer fitness data between
S Health and other select fitness apps.The fitness band includes a standalone
music player and automatically recognizes activities like running, walking,
cycling, or using rowing machine or elliptical trainer.Samsung Gear IconX
wireless earbuds look similar to the Moto Hint but are slightly better
under-the-hood. The earbuds come with three different sizes of eartips and
wingtips. They can be activated by simply placing them in the ears. The earbuds
also enable tracking of data such as distance covered, speed, time taken, heart
rate and calories burned. All of this data can be synced to the S-Health app as
well.The earbuds include a Voice Guide feature that provides voice feedback to
users about their workout progress, besides providing standalone music playback.
They connect via Bluetooth and also have enough in-built storage for up to 1000
MP3 files. To control the music playback, users just need to tap or swipe on the
earbuds' surface.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             698 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             August 12, 2016 Friday

Samsung launches Gear VR for Note 7, Gear Fit 2 and IconX earbuds in India

BYLINE: Robin Sinha

SECTION: MORE GADGETS

LENGTH: 438 words


Samsung today launched its latest flagship phablet Galaxy Note 7 in India. The
smartphone is priced at Rs 59,900. Along with the Galaxy Note 7, the company
also launched a Gear VR for Note 7, Gear Fit 2 fitness tracker and Gear Icon X
wireless earbuds. The devices are priced at Rs 7290, Rs 13990 and Rs Rs 13,490
respectively.

Pre-booking for these devices starts on August 22nd. Besides Galaxy Note 7
support, the Oculus-based Gear VR also has features like a USB Type-C port and
micro-USB port for connecting the device to Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge, Galaxy
Note 5, Galaxy S6 Edge+, Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge. Featuring Accelerator,
Gyrometer and Proximity sensors, the new Gear VR weighs 345gm and offers
101-degree field of view. It will be available in Blue/Black colour options. The
design of the new Gear VR is the same as that of the original Gear VR, but with
a new colour and USB Type-C connectivity."By pairing the Galaxy Note 7 with the
new Gear VR powered by Oculus, users can experience premium virtual reality
almost anywhere. Galaxy Note 7's incredible Super AMOLED screen and powerful
processor deliver an ultra-immersive experience. The vast and ever growing
library of apps, photos, games and more puts users in the center of the action,"
said Samsung.The company also launched its Gear Fit 2 fitness band that comes
with an embedded GPS tracker and a heart rate monitor. Samsung says that the
Gear Fit 2 has an ergonomic, sleek and slim design. It also sports a
Super-AMOLED curved display with a high-resolution color touchscreen and comes
with Auto Activity Tracking feature. It's easy to transfer fitness data between
S Health and other select fitness apps.The fitness band includes a standalone
music player and automatically recognizes activities like running, walking,
cycling, or using rowing machine or elliptical trainer.Samsung Gear IconX
wireless earbuds look similar to the Moto Hint but are slightly better
under-the-hood. The earbuds come with three different sizes of eartips and
wingtips. They can be activated by simply placing them in the ears. The earbuds
also enable tracking of data such as distance covered, speed, time taken, heart
rate and calories burned. All of this data can be synced to the S-Health app as
well.The earbuds include a Voice Guide feature that provides voice feedback to
users about their workout progress, besides providing standalone music playback.
They connect via Bluetooth and also have enough in-built storage for up to 1000
MP3 files. To control the music playback, users just need to tap or swipe on the
earbuds' surface.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             699 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Dominion Post (Wellington, New Zealand)

                            March 12, 2016 Saturday

For and against buying the new Galaxy phones Product review

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 790 words


Blayne Slabbert tests the latest Samsung devices to see if they are worth the
upgrade and financial outlay.

--------------------

The details Both Samsung phones are available in stores now. The S7 costs $1199
(32GB) while the S7 Edge costs $1399 (32GB).

--------------------

Samsung's latest phones are great - they're fast, good-looking, waterproof and
have an excellent camera. There is little doubt about their abilities, but is it
worth upgrading to a Galaxy S7 (5.1-inch) or S7 Edge (5.7-inch) from your
current smartphone model?

That depends on what you've got, what you need and how much money you ca spend.
Here are six reasons to upgrade your device:

You must have the latest tech

This is the greatest smartphone Samsung has made.

It's got the best from last year's model while fixing a few problems with the S6
range, such as expandable storage (up to 200GB extra).

However, you might pause when it comes to their design, especially for the S7
Edge, with its distinctive curved screen.

When it came out last year, it was the most innovative looking phone around, but
this year's model looks the same, which means there's less need to have the
"latest-looking" phone.

Your phone is your camera

The camera on the S6 is fantastic. It's almost impossible to take a bad photo
when the conditions are good.

Smartphone cameras are one area that is improving each year as competitors push
one another to have the best tech.

Samsung has a few new features inspired by others including "live photos" and
being able to use the screen as a flash when taking selfies at night.

It also has new tech (dual pixel sensor) to make focusing more accurate and
faster in low light. This makes quite a bit of difference and the S7 easily
outperforms an iPhone 6 when shifting focus from one subject to another.

You are clumsy around water

Having a waterproof phone is by no means a necessity, but it's good to know your
$1000-plus investment is safe if you're taking a photo in the rain or have a
slip when you're near the pool.

The tech used (sealing from the inside) is clever and a step toward making
phones more durable, but it's probably not enough of a reason alone to buy one.
Consider it a bonus feature.

Your phone is old

If your device is more than a few years old then using one of the latest phones
will blow you away. The screens are so sharp and clear and they whiz along
without a hint of lag.

The Samsung S7 range has a new processor and 4GB of RAM to make it faster than
its predecessor and also features fast-charging tech along with a longer-lasting
battery and the latest version of Android. You won't find this on your
3-year-old device, and trying a new phone (not just a Samsung) will be a digital
delight.

Also, moving from an older 4-inch phone to one with a bigger screen makes a lot
of difference if you use it a lot to read or to watch videos.

You use your phone as your watch

The new phones feature an Always On function, which means time time, date and
battery level show even when the phone is turned off. It's only a small thing,
but it is handy if you are always pulling your phone out to check the time.

However, the Samsung S7 range is not without its shortcomings.

You are interested in virtual reality

VR is one of the coolest things in tech at the moment and you can pair one of
these phones (or the S6 range) with a headset to experience it at an affordable
price.

The Samsung Gear VR costs about $300 and takes viewing movies or games to a
whole new level.

However, nothing is perfect - so here are three reasons not to upgrade:

They cost between $1199 and $1399

That's a lot to spend on a phone, especially when you can get a Galaxy S5 for
$600. That's a good phone though it's a bit plasticky compared to its younger
siblings.

You do get a lot of tech for your money, but you can save yourself a lot of
money if you can handle not having the latest device with all the best features.

The Samsung version of Android

Many smartphone companies put their own tweak on the Android operating system by
adding in extra features.

I prefer the pure version of Android which can be found on many phones,
including Google's Nexus range.

This alone shouldn't put you off buying a Samsung phone as you can hide a lot of
the installed apps. It's just a bit of a hassle.

There's plenty of other great options

All the top manufacturers make excellent devices and if you're looking at
high-end phones then there's a lot to choose from.

There's not a huge difference between them, and a lot comes down to personal
taste around design and branding. If you are an Android fan, Huawei, LG and Sony
have just released devices (though not all are available here yet).

--------------------

CAPTION:

The Samsung S7, left, and S7 Edge smartphones are now for sale in New Zealand.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             700 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Asian Image

                            February 21, 2016 Sunday

First look at new Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 321 words


Samsung has unveiled two new flagship smartphones, the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge.

The smartphones will come with an "always on" display, which can be used to
constantly show the time, while the camera in both devices has also been
reworked to provide better photos in low light.

The all-metal design that was introduced on last year's S6 continues, with the
Edge remaining the only phone with a curved screen on both sides of the device.

The Korean technology giant has also reintroduced waterproofing and expandable
storage through a space next to the SIM for an SD card.

A 360-degree camera, called the Gear 360, was also introduced and will enable
users to film and take pictures up to 360 degrees, and post the results on
Facebook and YouTube, both of which support the technology.

The unveiling came amid a press conference which Samsung delivered via virtual
reality, placing a VR headset on every seat in the hall for those in attendance.

The curved screen that appears on the S7 Edge was first introduced on the S6
last year, and has proved popular with consumers and industry experts.

The 5.1in screen on the new Edge also has an expanded side menu, meaning two
rows of apps can now be shown, and third party apps can now use the space to
show images and news stories, Samsung said.

Samsung added that battery life on the new devices has also improved, and that
both fast charging and wireless charging have improved too.

Samsung confirmed the S7 and S7 Edge will go on sale on March 11, and that
customers who pre-order in the US and Europe will receive a Gear VR headset for
free.

Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg also made an appearance at the event to discuss
virtual reality and 360-degree video, calling the platform "the best social
experience".

Facebook owns VR firm Oculus, which partnered with Samsung to create the Gear VR
headset.

Mr Zuckerberg added that he hoped to film his daughter's first steps using
360-degree video.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             701 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 13, 2016 Thursday
                                Kolkata Edition

Note 7 May Make a Rs 420-cr Dent in Samsung's Q3 Score

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: COMPANIES: PURSUIT OF PROFIT

LENGTH: 545 words


Samsung Electronics India will take a potential revenue hit of about '420 crore
this quarter because of its decision to kill its marquee Galaxy Note7 phone
after it failed to fix the manufacturing flaw that was causing the device to
catch fire.

The Korean company had estimated that it will sell around 70,000 units of Note 7
during the quarter, while it had plans to give a stretch target of a lakh units
to its India sales team to take on Apple's new iPhones, said two people aware of
the development.

The Indian team has calculated and updated the potential revenue loss to its
headquarters after taking stock of the demise of Note 7. Samsung India may also
revive its earlier Note series flagship, Galaxy Note 5, later this quarter to
salvage some of the losses and not leave the field entirely open for Apple's
iPhone7 or even the Google Pixel which is due to be launched later this week.

Samsung had recently discontinued Note 5 model to focus on the Note 7, one of
the persons said. Additional focus will be also given on the Galaxy S7 and S7
Edge models.

When contacted, a Samsung India spokesperson declined to comment on the sales
target.

He said Samsung India has a robust range of mobile phones across categories and
the company is headed for record sales of handsets in India this year.

Globally, Samsung has cut its operating

profit guidance by 33% ($2.3 billion) for the last three months because of the
Note7 fiasco. Analysts say the decision to scrap the device could end up costing
up to $17billion.

Samsung India was all ready to start manufacturing Note 7 in India in its Noida
plant with the aim of launching the device just ahead of Diwali, almost 45 days
later than the originally scheduled launch which had gotten pushed back due to
safety worries.

The company is now planning to offer the Galaxy S7 Edge to the approximate
20,000 Note 7 pre-booked customers in India, or an option to return their money.
It will also relaunch the Note 5 at an aggressive price point.

Since the next flagship will be launched

only around March 2017, Samsung India is going to revive the Note 5 to rebuild
it premium portfolio, since at the moment Apple has a complete free-run,\x93 one
of the persons quoted earlier said.

Meanwhile, Apple has ensured there is enough supplies of its latest iPhone7 and
7Plus in the Indian market unlike earlier years when it had to grapple with
supply issues. Retailers said the maximum demand has been for the pricier iPhone
7 Plus model which sells upwards of '72,000 due to additional features such as
dual camera and availability in the jet black colour.

\x93Apple has ensured availability of sufficient stocks since it wants to make
the most of Note 7's absence. In fact, iPhone supplies are still not steady in
tier II and III cities, but Apple will now beef up stock there as well. Around
40% of the sales is that of iPhone 7 Plus compared with 15-20% earlier for the
pricier variant,\x93 said the CEO of a leading cellphone retail store.

However, retailers say the recall of Note 7 has not dented Samsung's other
smartphone model sales in India as yet.The company had worked around the issue
by launching a newer model every 1012 days and also ensuring that there was no
discount on its models during the just finished online discount sales.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             702 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                                August 18, 2016

Galaxy Note 7: Apple Supplier Qualcomm Leads Broadcom, Qorvo, IDT

BYLINE: ALLISON GATLIN

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 305 words


http://www.investors.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/IT15_samsung_081816_company.
jpg

Apple (AAPL) supplier Qualcomm (QCOM) leads Broadcom (AVGO), Qorvo (QRVO) and
Integrated Device Technology (IDTI) in the Samsung Galaxy Note 7, industry
tracker iFixit found Thursday in a teardown of Samsung's newest phablet.

Qualcomm boasts six chips inside the latest of "Samsung's line of
phones-that-don't-fit-in-your-pocket," iFixit wrote in a teardown report. The
Galaxy Note 7 touts an Apple iPhone 6S-quashing battery. But its power falls
short of the Galaxy S7 Edge.

Among Qualcomm's offerings -- a processor, an audio codec, two radio-frequency
chips and two power management chips. Fellow RF Qorvo chipmaker brings three
chips to the mix: a high-band RF fusion module, a front-end module and a
receiver.

IBD'S TAKE: Dot-com boom darling Qualcomm sports a fast-growing dividend. Check
out IBD's Dividend Leaders.

Broadcom has at least one confirmed chip, but its Wi-Fi system-on-a-chip is also
likely contained within Samsung's Wi-Fi module, iFixit found. Samsung itself
supplies two other chips for flash memory and dynamic random-access memory
(DRAM).

Integrated Device Technology supplied a wireless power receiver, an iteration of
the component it supplies for the Apple Watch.

The chipset is nearly identical to those of the S7 and S7 Edge, iFixit found.
The Note 7 scored a four out of a best-possible 10 in repairability. Many of the
components can be replaced independently, but the chassis is vulnerable to
cracking.

Noted iFixit, "Because of the curved screen, replacing the front glass without
destroying the display is probably impossible."

In afternoon trading

Integrated Device Technology stock closed up 3.25% on the stock market today,
and Qorvo rose 1.2%. Broadcom ticked up 0.5%, and Qualcomm added 1.2%. Apple
stock dipped 0.1%.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             703 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            April 28, 2016 Thursday

Samsung proves resilience with earnings surprise

LENGTH: 691 words


Tech giant Samsung Electronics has posted surprising earnings in the
January-March period on the back of strong sales of its mobile devices, beating
market estimates.

Its net profit jumped 13.6 percent to 5.25 trillion won ($4.56 billion) in the
first quarter, according to the company's regulatory filing on Thursday. The
firm's operating profit came to 6.68 trillion won -- higher than the market
estimate of some 5 trillion won -- with its revenue standing at 49.8 trillion
won. The figures were up 11.65 percent and 5.65 percent on-year, respectively.

Samsung Electronics' Galaxy S7 Edge. (Yonhap)

The IT and mobile communications division, which oversees the company's
smartphone business, saw its operating profit jump 42 percent on-year to 3.89
trillion won, taking up nearly 60 percent of the firm's operating profit.

The improvements in profits came as a surprise as many critics had often
predicted that the glory days of the world's largest handset maker as well as
Apple of the U.S. are nearing their end due mainly to dog-eat-dog competition in
the global smartphone sector.

Apple saw its revenue drop for the first time in 13 years in the fiscal second
quarter that ended March 26, due to lackluster sales of its iPhones.

Samsung, however, has been showing resilience to keep its throne. Samsung said
its marketing scheme for the Galaxy S7 that pushed forward the release date of
its flagship Galaxy handset a month earlier than usual nailed it.

"This increase (in operating profit of the mobile business) was largely due to
the early launch and strong global performance of the flagship Galaxy S7 and S7
edge, as evidenced by robust sell-out figures and low inventory levels compared
to their predecessors," the company said.ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]

The company expected that sales of its smartphones and tablet PCs would remain
flat due to seasonal factors in the second quarter, saying it would try to
maintain sales momentum with mid- and low-range smartphones, including its
Galaxy A and J lineups.

Meanwhile, Samsung's businesses for semiconductor and display products saw their
operating profits decrease.

The semiconductor business posted an operating profit of 2.63 trillion won while
the display business logged an operating loss of 270 billion won, down 0.3
percent and 0.79 percent on-year, respectively.

Some critics cited the price drop of DRAM and competition in the world's
semiconductor market as affecting Samsung's chip business, while profits for the
display business worsened due to mediocre demand in the liquid crystal display
segment.

The consumer electronics division saw its operating profit increase slightly up
by 0.7 percent on-year to 510 billion won.

The Seoul-based tech giant said it would try to focus on improving profitability
with premium TV products during the upcoming Olympics and other sporting events,
which it said would drive global demand for large-size TVs.

Samsung spent 2.1 trillion won of capital expenditure on its display business,
which is thought to have been spent on ramping up its production facilities,
including those for OLED displays. Samsung is rumored to be supplying flexible
displays for Apple's next iPhones.ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]

Samsung said it would try to maintain the sales momentum in the coming months by
rolling out mid- and low-range smartphones, including Galaxy A and J lineups. It
also plans to tighten its grip on other businesses, including semiconductor,
display and consumer electronics, by rolling out cutting-edge products.

Among the products are 14-nanometer chips, ultra high-definition TVs and solid
storage drives equipped with up-to-date 3-dimensional NAND Flash memory chips,
all of which are top-notch technologies coveted by other market players in
respective sectors.

In an apparent move to shore up its share price as well as increase dividends
for investors, Samsung said on Thursday it would buy an additional 1.3 common
stocks and 320,000 preferred shares for three months and more until the end of
this year.

The company, which had announced that it would buy back 11 trillion won worth of
stocks in total last October, has repurchased 7.4 trillion won worth of stocks
so far.

By Kim Young-won (

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             704 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                           October 28, 2015 Wednesday

Samsung to roll out new mobile chip for Galaxy S7: report

LENGTH: 354 words


Samsung Electronics will soon roll out its new mobile application processor, the
Exynos 8890, which is likely to be mounted on the next flagship smartphone
Galaxy S7, according to news reports.

Samsung will mass produce its own mobile chip as late as December at its
production lines in Giheung, Gyeonggi Province, according to a local news
outlet.

Samsung refused to comment on the production plans of the next-generation chip
model.

Samsung Electronics' Exynos 7 Octa featured in the Galaxy S6. (Yonhap)

The new Exynos model will be Samsung's first customized application processor
chip built upon U.K. chip designer ARM's core architecture, meaning that Samsung
will add some tweaks to a standard chip design by the U.K. firm to boost
performance.

Apple and Qualcomm are among several application processor manufacturers that
have customized ARM-designed chips in order to have the mobile processors
optimized for mobile devices.

An industry official commented: "Designing its own mobile core will allow
Samsung, which produces both smartphones and semiconductors, to gain competitive
edge over Apple and Qualcomm in reducing cost and optimizing chip products for
smartphones."

Samsung, one of the largest chip fabrication firms, is also said to be rolling
out Qualcomm's Snapdragon 820, which will also go through a customization
process by the Korean firm.

The new Snapdragon chip is forecast to power the Galaxy S7 alongside the Exynos
model.

The new Exynos 8890 is clocked at 2.3 gigahertz and has reportedly set a new
high in a benchmark test, scoring a combined 6,908 points in a single-core and a
multi-core test, beating that of Apple's A9 featured in iPhone 6S at 6,817
points.

Going full throttle to develop its own customer core, Samsung is reportedly
making efforts to attract chip architects including Jim Keller, who left U.S.
chipmaker AMD last month. Jim Keller is credited with developing Apple's A4 and
A5 processors deployed in the iPhone 4 and iPhone 4S.

But Samsung dismissed the report as groundless, saying the news about hiring the
former AMD executive was no more than "an unfounded rumor."

By Kim Young-won (

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             705 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                WMI Company News

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

Samsung Pay could be in Canada in a matter of days

LENGTH: 143 words


According to Samsung Customer Care, Samsung Pay will be available in Canada
within days

Twitter user Saifali Maknojiya reportedly posed a question to a Samsung customer
service representative through its built-in app and received a response that
Samsung Pay, the company&#39;s competitor to Android Pay and Apple Pay, would
launch in Canada in the first week of November.

According to the representative, the service will first launch with CIBC Visa
cards. However, it is unclear when the service will expand to other banks and
payment providers.

Samsung claimed earlier this year that Samsung Pay would hit Canada in 2016. It
also targeted launches in the UK, Malaysia, Hong Kong and Thailand by the end of
the year.

Samsung Pay currently works with Galaxy S7 edge, Galaxy S7, Galaxy S6 edge+,
Galaxy Note 5, Galaxy S6 edge, Galaxy S6 active, Galaxy S6, and Gear S2.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 World Market Intelligence Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             706 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                              May 29, 2016 Sunday

Samsung introduces Batman-themed Galaxy smartphone

LENGTH: 346 words


Tech giant Samsung Electronics rolled out another film-inspired mobile phone on
Friday, continuing its years-long marketing efforts to boost sales of its
flagship smartphones through collaboration with filmmakers.

This time, the Korean smartphone maker released a Batman-themed smartphone, the
Galaxy S7 edge Injustice Edition, in partnership with movie production company
Warner Bros. and entertainment firm DC Entertainment, aiming to lure fans of the
superhero movie.

The release is also aimed at commemorating the third anniversary of a mobile
game of the movie series, "Injustice: Gods Among Us."

The game, developed by U.S. game firm NetherRealm Studios, features a
collectible card mechanic and engages players in three-on-three tag team combat
that features many of DC's iconic characters.

The Korean firm said the limited edition of the smartphone will be only
available in select markets, including China, Singapore, Latin America, Russia
and Korea, in June, but hinted that more countries might be added to the list.

"We are excited to partner with Warner Bros. and offer a special edition of
Galaxy S7 edge for fans of 'Injustice: Gods Among Us,'" said Lee Young-hee,
executive vice president of Samsung's global marketing.

"Samsung always seeks to provide the best mobile gaming experience for its
users, and this partnership reinforces our commitment to the game's fans," the
executive vice president said.

The specifications of the Batman-themed smartphone are the same as the original
Galaxy S7 edge smartphone, but the new model comes in black with the signature
Batman logo (in gold color) emblazoned on the back

Samsung Electronics' joint marketing strategy with Hollywood filmmakers dates
back to the pre-smartphone era.

Teaming up with Warner Bros., Samsung rolled out a limited edition of a
semi-automatic slider with the alias, Matrix Phone, in 2003. The phone was
featured in the science-fiction action movie, "The Matrix Reloaded."

Samsung also rolled out limited Galaxy smartphone models featuring the
characters of the movie "Iron Man" last year.

By Kim Young-won (

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             707 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                              May 27, 2016 Friday

Samsung introduces Batman-themed Galaxy smartphone

LENGTH: 346 words


Tech giant Samsung Electronics rolled out another film-inspired mobile phone on
Friday, continuing its years-long marketing efforts to boost sales of its
flagship smartphones through collaboration with filmmakers.

This time, the Korean smartphone maker released a Batman-themed smartphone, the
Galaxy S7 edge Injustice Edition, in partnership with movie production company
Warner Bros. and entertainment firm DC Entertainment, aiming to lure fans of the
superhero movie.

The release is also aimed at commemorating the third anniversary of a mobile
game of the movie series, "Injustice: Gods Among Us."

The game, developed by U.S. game firm NetherRealm Studios, features a
collectible card mechanic and engages players in three-on-three tag team combat
that features many of DC's iconic characters.

The Korean firm said the limited edition of the smartphone will be only
available in select markets, including China, Singapore, Latin America, Russia
and Korea, in June, but hinted that more countries might be added to the list.

"We are excited to partner with Warner Bros. and offer a special edition of
Galaxy S7 edge for fans of 'Injustice: Gods Among Us,'" said Lee Young-hee,
executive vice president of Samsung's global marketing.

"Samsung always seeks to provide the best mobile gaming experience for its
users, and this partnership reinforces our commitment to the game's fans," the
executive vice president said.

The specifications of the Batman-themed smartphone are the same as the original
Galaxy S7 edge smartphone, but the new model comes in black with the signature
Batman logo (in gold color) emblazoned on the back

Samsung Electronics' joint marketing strategy with Hollywood filmmakers dates
back to the pre-smartphone era.

Teaming up with Warner Bros., Samsung rolled out a limited edition of a
semi-automatic slider with the alias, Matrix Phone, in 2003. The phone was
featured in the science-fiction action movie, "The Matrix Reloaded."

Samsung also rolled out limited Galaxy smartphone models featuring the
characters of the movie "Iron Man" last year.

By Kim Young-won (

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             708 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                          February 24, 2016 Wednesday

With its new S7 phone, Samsung looks even more like Apple

LENGTH: 810  words


Apple and Samsung phones, which have been looking more and more alike over the
past few years, are much closer to virtual twins with Samsung's latest Galaxy
S7.

The convergence began two years ago when iPhones got larger, mimicking Samsung's
once-innovative, plus-sized phablets. Last spring, Samsung started emphasizing
higher quality materials and sophisticated design, just as Apple had for years.
And last fall, Apple boosted the resolution on the iPhone camera, narrowing one
of the major gaps it had with Samsung.

With the S7, Samsung is lowering its camera's resolution - you read that right -
to match the iPhone's 12 megapixels.

To be sure, there are key differences. Only the latest iPhones have special
features you activate by pressing harder on an icon or link, while Samsung is
among the biggest boosters of virtual reality.

It's too early to say which phone is better. Though Samsung announced the S7 on
Sunday at a wireless show in Barcelona, Spain, the phone isn't coming out until
March 11. My hands-on time has been limited to controlled settings.

And for most users it may end up being a draw - Samsung leads the pack among
Android phones, while Apple has its own self-contained ecosystem, iOS. For many,
a choice between the two could come down to preference for one system or another
- and the apps available for each.

For now, here's how Apple and Samsung phones stack up:

Camera

For both, the rear cameras are now at 12 megapixels - up from 8 for iPhones and
down from 18 for Samsung. That doesn't mean Samsung photos are getting worse,
though.

In making the change, Samsung adopted the iPhone's 4-by-3 dimension, ditching
the widescreen format it had long used. Widescreen produces vertical shots that
are awkwardly tall, such that I've had to crop them to 4-by-3 anyway. The 6
megapixel reduction is equivalent to chopping off the excess.

The front cameras are both at 5 megapixels, after Apple boosted its resolution
in the iPhone last fall. Apple also turned the screen into a flash for selfies.
Samsung, ever the fast follower, is now doing the same with the S7.

Samsung is promising improvements in low-light shots, borrowing techniques from
full-bodied, SLR cameras, though it'll require extensive tests to see how well
the camera performs. Even with last year's models, Samsung cameras tend to
produce brighter night shots than the iPhone. But I've also seen more distortion
when those shots are blown up. We'll see if that's been fixed with the S7.

Size

Samsung's 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 is slightly larger and heavier than the 4.7-inch
iPhone 6s, but not much so. There's a premium version of the S7 called the S7
Edge; both sides curve like a waterfall, such that the screen flows over the
side to the back of the phone. The Edge screen is 5.5 inches, but much of that
comes from the curvature. The phone itself is taller, but just a tad wider and
heavier.

Compared with the 5.5-inch iPhone 6s Plus, though, the S7 Edge is smaller.

Extras

Neither the iPhone nor the S7 phone lets you replace the battery with a spare.
But the S7 does let you add storage. And the base model is 32 gigabytes, double
what the iPhone offers for starters.

Unlike the iPhone, the S7 is waterproof. There's no need to keep USB and other
ports sealed, as past waterproof phones did. The S7 also offers wireless
charging; you simply lay the phone flat on a charging base. However, wireless
charging is typically slower than plugging in a USB charger.

Apple and Samsung both let you unlock phones with your fingerprint rather than a
passcode. And both let you make payments with a tap at some retail stores. The
Samsung Pay service works with a greater range of merchants, but with credit
cards from fewer banks and in fewer countries for now than Apple Pay.

Shortcuts

The latest iPhones and the S7 Edge have shortcuts to common tasks, such as
taking selfies. With the iPhone, you hard press on an app icon. With the Edge,
you swipe from the right edge. That swipe also gets you headlines, frequent
contacts and favorite apps.

Apple lets third-party app makers create their own shortcuts, while Samsung does
not.

Virtual reality

Samsung is ahead of Apple, though it faces competition from other Android
manufacturers, including LG.

Samsung already has its own VR headset, while LG is coming out with one. They
won't work with each other's phones or any other Android phone. Both companies
will soon sell 360-degree cameras for taking VR video. Apps on the phone will
ease sharing with friends and viewing on the VR devices.

Availability

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus have been available since September. There has been
speculation that Apple is coming out with a smaller model soon, but it's not
expected to have all of the advanced features found in the 6S phones.

Advance orders for the S7 phones started this week. March 11 is the release date
in the U.S. and several other markets. TVJ

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                             709 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            August 3, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung launches Gear VR for Note 7, Gear Fit 2 and IconX earbuds

BYLINE: Robin Sinha

SECTION: MORE GADGETS

LENGTH: 443 words


NEW DELHI: The Galaxy Note 7 flagship phablet wasn't the only thing Samsung
launched at its New York event. The company also unveiled the a companion VR
headset for the phablet, aptly named Gear VR for Note 7. In addition, the Gear
Fit 2 fitness tracker and Gear Icon X wireless earbuds were launched as
well.Besides Galaxy Note 7 support, the Oculus-based Gear VR also has features
like a USB Type-C port, as well as a Micro USB port for connecting it to the
Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge, Galaxy Note 5, Galaxy S6 Edge+, Galaxy S6 and Galaxy
S6 Edge.Featuring Accelerator, Gyrometer and Proximity sensors, the new Gear VR
weighs 345 grams and offers 101-degree field of view. It will be available in
Blue/Black colour only.

The design of the new Gear VR is the same as that of the original Gear VR, but
with a new colour and USB Type-C connectivity."By pairing the Galaxy Note 7 with
the new Gear VR powered by Oculus, users can experience premium virtual reality
almost anywhere. Galaxy Note 7's incredible Super AMOLED screen and powerful
processor deliver an ultra-immersive experience. The vast and ever growing
library of apps, photos, games and more puts users in the center of the action,"
said Samsung.The company also launched its Gear Fit 2 fitness band that comes
with an embedded GPS tracker and a heart rate monitor. Samsung says that the
Gear Fit 2 has an ergonomic, sleek and slim design. It also sports a Super
AMOLED curved display with a high-resolution color touchscreen and comes with
Auto Activity Tracking feature. It's easy to transfer fitness data between S
Health and other select fitness apps.The fitness band includes a standalone
music player and automatically recognizes activities like running, walking,
cycling, or using rowing machine or elliptical trainer.Samsung Gear IconX
wireless earbuds look similar to the Moto Hint but are slightly better
under-the-hood. The earbuds come with three different sizes of eartips and
wingtips. They can be activated by simply placing them in the ears. The earbuds
also enable tracking of data such as distance covered, speed, time taken, heart
rate and calories burned. All of this data can be synced to the S-Health app as
well.The earbuds include a Voice Guide feature that provides voice feedback to
users about their workout progress, besides providing standalone music playback.
They connect via Bluetooth and also have enough in-built storage for up to 1000
MP3 files. To control the music playback, users just need to tap or swipe on the
earbuds' surface. The Gear IconX will be available in Q3 of this year, and are
said to carry a price tag of $199.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             710 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           October 13, 2016 Thursday

Samsung India may take Rs 420-crore hit this quarter

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: ELECTRONICS

LENGTH: 552 words


KOLKATA: Samsung Electronics India will take a potential revenue hit of about
`420 crore this quarter because of its decision to kill its marquee Galaxy Note7
phone after it failed to fix the manufacturing flaw that was causing the device
to catch fire.

The Korean company had estimated that it will sell around 70,000 units of Note 7
during the quarter, while it had plans to give a stretch target of a lakh units
to its India sales team to take on Apple's new iPhones, said two people aware of
the development.

The Indian team has calculated and updated the potential revenue loss to its
headquarters after taking stock of the demise of Note 7.

Samsung India may also revive its earlier Note series flagship, Galaxy Note 5,
later this quarter to salvage some of the losses and not leave the field
entirely open for Apple's iPhone7 or even the Google Pixel which is due to be
launched later this week.

Samsung had recently discontinued Note 5 model to focus on the Note 7, one of
the persons said. Additional focus will be also given on the Galaxy S7 and S7
Edge models.

When contacted, a Samsung India spokesperson declined to comment on the sales
target.

He said Samsung India has a robust range of mobile phones across categories and
the company is headed for record sales of handsets in India this year. Globally,
Samsung has cut its operating profit guidance by 33% ($2.3 billion) for the last
three months because of the Note7 fiasco.

Analysts say the decision to scrap the device could end up costing up to
$17billion.

Samsung India was all ready to start manufacturing Note 7 in India in its Noida
plant with the aim of launching the device just ahead of Diwali, almost 45 days
later than the originally scheduled launch which had gotten pushed back due to
safety worries.

The company is now planning to offer the Galaxy S7 Edge to the approximate
20,000 Note 7 pre-booked customers in India, or an option to return their money.
It will also relaunch the Note 5 at an aggressive price point.

Since the next flagship will be launched only around March 2017, Samsung India
is going to revive the Note 5 to rebuild it premium portfolio, since at the
moment Apple has a complete free-run," one of the persons quoted earlier said.

Meanwhile, Apple has ensured there is enough supplies of its latest iPhone7 and
7Plus in the Indian market unlike earlier years when it had to grapple with
supply issues.

Retailers said the maximum demand has been for the pricier iPhone 7 Plus model
which sells upwards of `72,000 due to additional features such as dual camera
and availability in the jet black colour.

"Apple has ensured availability of sufficient stocks since it wants to make the
most of Note 7's absence. In fact, iPhone supplies are still not steady in tier
II and III cities, but Apple will now beef up stock there as well.

Around 40% of the sales is that of iPhone 7 Plus compared with 15-20% earlier
for the pricier variant," said the CEO of a leading cellphone retail store.
However, retailers say the recall of Note 7 has not dented Samsung's other
smartphone model sales in India as yet.

The company had worked around the issue by launching a newer model every 10-12
days and also ensuring that there was no discount on its models during the just
finished online discount sales.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             711 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The National

                             August 1, 2016 Monday

OnePlus 3 review: Proof great smartphones don't have to cost the earth

BYLINE: John Everington

LENGTH: 567  words


John Everington

The new OnePlus 3 once again proves that a great smartphone needn't cost the
earth. It's not quite up there with the iPhones and Galaxy S7s of this world,
but it is a great all round performer and fantastic value at Dh1,599.

The 3's form factor has come on leaps and bounds from last year's solid but
unspectacular OnePlus 2. Gone is the polycarbonate body, replaced by a curved,
brushed metal back that looks and feels like a far more expensive handset, even
if the rear camera lens protrudes a little too much for my liking.

It's not quite iPhone 6S and Galaxy S7 calibre, but the 3's design certainly
gives the likes of the HTC 10 and LG G5 a run for their money.

The 3's 5.5 inch Optic Amoled display is where one or two corners have been cut
to keep the price down, although there's little to complain about. True, the
likes of the HTC 10 and the just launched, similarly priced, Alcatel Idol 4S
pack a higher pixel density. But the 3's display still does the job admirably,
the deep reds and blacks of the Ghostbusters trailer rendering beautifully.

There are no such shortcuts in the camera department. The 16MP rear facing
camera, while not the equal of benchmarks like the Galaxy S7 or LG G5, takes
images with good colour and contrast, while the selfie camera has been upgraded
to 8MP from the OnePlus 2's 5MP.

Above all, the OnePlus 3 has the zippy, powerful feel of a premium device,
thanks to its Snapdragon 820 processor and a massive 6GB of RAM. The cherry on
the cake is the 3's fingerprint reader, which is every bit the equal of its more
expensive peers.

Retailing for Dh1,599, the OnePlus 3 goes for just over half the price of the
iPhone 6S and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. While it doesn't quite hit the heights of
those two flagships, the OnePlus 3 is outstanding value for money, given its
great design and performance, and is right up there with the best mid range
smartphones on the market.

Q&A

OnePlus? Remind me who they are again?

They're a relatively new manufacturer, having launched its first phone, the
OnePlus One, in April 2014. Despite its name, the OnePlus 3 is the company's
fourth device, following on from the OnePlus 2 and the OnePlus X.

I don't see their smartphones on sale in Sharaf DG and Jumbo Electronics

Indeed you haven't. OnePlus eschews the typical retail model by selling only
online, either via its own website, or approved local distributors, souq.com in
the case of the Middle East. The company's logic is that by selling direct
online, it cuts down on distribution costs, meaning it can offer its devices for
less money.

That sounds good! But I couldn't see the OnePlus 3 on souq.com the other day

Neither did I. OnePlus's media people told me that the handset was temporarily
sold out, and that new stock would be arriving soon. This could be down to the
phone's runaway popularity in the Middle East, or alternatively it could be
because souq.com has only being given limited stock.

Any other details I should know?

The 3 runs Marshmallow, the latest version of Android. Its inbuilt 64GB memory
is pretty generous, although that's no doubt in part to offset the lack of SD
card slot.

Of course, if the OnePlus 3 really wants to compete with premium handsets like
the iPhone, then surely it must come in rose gold ...

Well, it is available in "soft" gold. So that's close. And you never know, the
OnePlus 4 might even come in pink!

jeverington@thenational.ae

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 818


                     Copyright 2016 Abu Dhabi Media Company
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             712 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                            January 26, 2016 Tuesday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

LG G5 and Samsung Galaxy S7 up for head-to-head presentation at MWC 2016?

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 370 words


The 2016 Mobile World Congress (MWC), held February 22-25 in Barcelona (Spain),
could see two of this year's most hotly anticipated smartphones unveiled almost
simultaneously, as rival South Korean manufacturers LG and Samsung go head to
head to present replacements for the G4 and Galaxy S6.

Although LG hasn't yet confirmed whether the G4's replacement will be called the
G5, the firm's new flagship handset is set to be officially unveiled at
Barcelona's MWC, stealing some of the limelight from key competitor, Samsung. At
the end of 2015, a credible set of specs for LG's new handset leaked on Reddit,
pointing to a smaller screen than the G4 (5.3" rather than 5.5"), but with the
same resolution (2560 x 1440 pixels) and 640ppi pixel density.

The phone is expected to run a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor and 3GB of RAM.
It could stand out from competitors in the high-end market with twin rear-facing
cameras, (15.9MP and 8.3MP), accompanying a front-facing 8MP camera. Still,
these details haven't been confirmed by LG.

According to several leaks spotted on the Chinese social network Weibo, picked
up by international media, the upcoming Samsung "Galaxy S7" (official name TBC)
could come with a 4K display -- like the Sony Xperia Z5 -- and a whole load of
previously unseen components.

Following suit with the Galaxy S6, Samsung's new flagship handset is expected to
land in several versions with varying specs and performances. The top-end model
-- a premium handset initially earmarked for Asian markets -- could come with a
4K display (3,840 x 2,160 pixels), a brand new quad-core processor and a
twin-sensor camera module developed by Sony.

The standard Galaxy S7 for worldwide release is expected to get a QHD (2,560 x
1,440 pixels) display and a quad-core Exynos sensor. Plus, it may still come
with twin cameras.

LG is hoping to catch plenty of attention at this year's MWC, stepping into the
spotlight in 2016 and upping its game in the mobile market. The firm is hoping
to go up against the likes of Samsung, Apple, Huawei, Lenovo/Motorola and
Xiaomi, for a place among the world's top five mobile manufacturers.

Mobile World Congress 2016 runs February 22-25 in Barcelona. Website:
mobileworldcongress.com

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2016 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                             713 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                             July 28, 2016 Thursday

Taking Note: what can we expect from Samsung's newest phone?

BYLINE: Ciara O'Brien

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 617 words


As August approaches, so too does the expectation of a new Samsung phone,
specifically the next addition to the Note range.

Samsung is set to hold an Unpacked event on August 2nd, and has dropped some
heavy hints that the new Note will be debuted - the stylus in the invitation is
a dead giveaway.

So what could the event bring? The rumours, as usual, are flying.

Name

 The next Note looks set to be the Note 7 - skipping the Note 6 completely.
Making this change will pull the range into line with the Galaxy S phones, the
newest of which is the S7. It's sure to annoy those who like a bit of order to
things, in much the same way that the leap from Windows 8 to Windows 10 rankled
with some people.

Look

The Note 7 could draw inspiration from the Galaxy range for more than just its
name. The word on the street is that the new Note will have the curved screen of
the Edge range, making it a more attractive handset - in our opinion - and stand
out from the phablet crowd.

Will there be a flat version? Rumours indicate not, but that remains to be
confirmed. Either way, it will be a glass and metal affair, and is expected to
come in blue, silver and black. It will be waterproof and impervious to dust
too, with an IP68 rating.

Screen

 Apart from the curve, it looks like the screen will be quad HD instead of 4K.
Journalist Evan Blass, who has a reputation for being right when it comes to
this kind of thing, says it will measure 5.7 inches. Whatever the exact specs,
you can expect it will be great quality.

The advantage of 4K would come with virtual reality, especially given Samsung's
Gear VR. The closer your eye is to that screen, the better it has to look, and
4K would be another step up for the firm.

Tech

 Samsung usually puts out two versions of its flagship phones: one powered by
its own Exynos processor and another with a Snapdragon chip. Expect this to
continue for the Note 7. There is also some speculation that the new phone will
have as much as 6GB of RAM.

Power

Which brings us nicely to an important consideration: battery. A spec sheet
claims the latest Note will come with a 3,500mAh battery. That's not
insubstantial but it falls short of 4,000mAh that people were hoping for.

It looks like Samsung will be making the leap to USB C for the Note 7, adopting
the new standard for the handset. What exactly does it mean? Well that stash of
micro USB cables will be defunct.

USB C is, like the lightning cable on Apple's devices, reversible so there is no
wrong way to use it. The S7 failed to include it, preferring to stick with micro
USB, but the Huawei P9, the Lumia 950 and Nexus 6P all use the new connection.

Security

 Fingerprint scanners are on most of the flagship phones these days; in fact,
it's unusual to find a model that doesn't have it. But Samsung may have decided
scanning fingerprints is passe, with word that the Note will come with an iris
scanner. Will it be another gimmick? Possibly. Samsung also flirted with facial
recognition as a security measure in the past - the Galaxy SIII had it - but it
was a little too ambitious and prone to frustration.

Storage

 Could Samsung have ditched the 32GB version of the Note? There are strong
rumours that the 64GB will be the smallest version of the Note 7, with the
handset topping out 256GB. Plus, there will be the option to add a micro SD card
too, something Samsung brought back with the S7. The more space the better, we
say.

Camera

 The Galaxy S7 has a great camera, so the Note 7 should be worth looking at.
There are indications that the new Note will come with 12 megapixel Dualpix
camera, and a five megapixel front facing camera. We have high hopes for this
one to be at least as good as the S7.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             714 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

Will Note 7 debacle leave an ugly mark on Samsung?

BYLINE: Hayley Tsukayama;

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 728 words


All is not well for the world's largest smartphone maker. Samsung continues to
face criticism as it works to call back millions of its latest flagship Galaxy
Note 7 smartphones after reports of batteries catching fire and exploding.

The Note 7 was supposed to be a victory lap for Samsung. It launched to rave
reviews, which looked particularly good while analysts and pundits cautioned
that Apple's iPhones were going to be somewhat less spectacular this year.

Now the phone's name has become synonymous with danger, prompting Samsung to
work with the U.S. product safety watchdog, the Consumer Product Safety
Commission. The agency has advised people to stop using the phones. Not only
that, the Federal Aviation Administration's recommendation that the phones not
be used or even powered on during flights means that at least a million people
are hearing a warning about the Galaxy Note 7, by name, on  flights each day.

With the unprecedented return of so many potentially defective smartphones comes
the question: How much of a brand blemish will a Note 7 recall be for the
company?

Even with the bad timing and the bad press, there shouldn't be too much lasting
damage as long as Samsung continues to be responsive to consumers' problems,
said Robert Cuthbertson, vice president at the consulting firm Boston Retail
Partners.

Companies, he said, have overcome recalls before, noting that Tylenol - which
had to recall all of its pills in 1982 - and others have recovered from recalls
by acting quickly and doing everything to demonstrate that their customers come
first.

On Monday, for example, Samsung told South Korean media that it will now obtain
its batteries from China's ATL  - the same firm that is the main supplier of
iPhone batteries.

"Samsung is trying to rectify their situation and do their best to control their
damage and make sure it doesn't happen again," Cuthbertson said. As long as
there are no further issues with the new phones, he said, Samsung should be able
to recover.

Samsung, which is the world's largest smartphone maker, has battled for years
with Apple for dominance in the smartphone market. In the past five or so years,
the firm has tried to position itself as a premium smartphone maker with devices
that can rival the iPhone.

In the 2016 American Consumer Satisfaction Index telecommunications survey, the
Galaxy Note 5 actually beat the iPhone 6s Plus as the top-rated phone, showing
that Samsung had succeeded in at least some of its goals. And while a slowdown
in the smartphone market overall had hurt sales, Samsung announced last quarter
that it was in a great position for 2016, as sales of its Galaxy S7 and S7 edge
had sent the company's profits to their highest point in two years.

Cuthbertson doubts that Samsung will lose too many customers to rival Android
smartphone makers, as its products still have the unique features such as their
screens and software that made them sell in the first place. Cuthbertson also
said he doesn't think Apple will benefit much from this controversy, because
many people choose Samsung primarily as an alternative to Apple.

"Samsung has positioned themselves as the anti-iPhone, and they have loyalists
to the Android platform. There are also definitely those with a loyalty to the
Galaxy in particular," Cuthbertson said.

Online surveys have shown that, certainly among Android fans, Samsung's brand
loyalty hasn't taken too much of a hit. Android Police, an Android-focused news
site, asked its readers and found that 39 percent of respondents said their
perception of Samsung hasn't changed at all in light of the recall.

Analyst Peter Yu said in a note that signs so far signal the firm will be all
right, even with the cost of a recall that Samsung acknowledges will be
"heartbreaking."

"Telcos at least have purchased more Galaxy S7/S7 Edges to replace demand for
Note 7s rather than moving to other smartphone vendors. Hence, Samsung has
maintained its 3Q16 smartphone shipment guidance despite the expected impact on
Note 7 sales," Yu wrote in a note, obtained by CNBC.

Shares of the firm are already recovering, easing some of the $22 billion in
losses the company experienced immediately after reports of the explosions hit
the news. Samsung's stock, traded on the exchange in Seoul, closed up 4.23
percent Tuesday; Wednesday was a trading holiday in Korea.

hayley.tsukayama@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             715 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                            March 12, 2016 Saturday

For and against buying the new Galaxy phones Review

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 790 words


Blayne Slabbert tests the latest Samsung devices to see if they are worth the
upgrade.

--------------------

The details Both Samsung phones are available in New Zealand now. The S7 will
cost $1199 (32GB) while the S7 Edge will cost $1399 (32GB).

--------------------

Samsung's latest phones are great - they're fast, good-looking, waterproof and
have an excellent camera.

There is little doubt about their abilities, but is it worth upgrading to a
Galaxy S7 (5.1-inch) or S7 Edge (5.7-inch) from your current smartphone?

That depends on what you've got, what you need and how much money you have to
spend.

Here are six reasons to upgrade:

1. You must have the latest tech

This is the greatest smartphone Samsung has made. It's got the best from last
year's model while fixing a few problems with the S6 range, such as expandable
storage (up to 200GB extra).

However, you might pause when it comes to design, especially for the S7 Edge
which has a distinctive curved screen.

When it came out last year, it was the most innovative looking phone around, but
this year's model looks the same, which means there's less need to have the
"latest-looking" phone.

2. Your phone is your camera

The camera on the S6 is fantastic. It's almost impossible to take a bad photo
when the conditions are good.

Smartphone cameras are one area that is improving each year as competitors push
one another to have the best tech.

Samsung has a few new features inspired by others including "live photos" and
being able to use the screen as a flash when taking selfies at night.

It also has new tech (dual pixel sensor) to make focusing more accurate and
faster in low light. This makes quite a bit of difference and the S7 easily
outperforms an iPhone 6 when shifting focus from one subject to another.

3. You are clumsy around water

Having a waterproof phone is by no means a necessity, but it's good to know your
$1000-plus investment is safe if you're taking a photo in the rain or have a
slip when you're near the pool.

The tech used (sealing from the inside) is clever and a step toward making
phones more durable, but it's probably not enough of a reason alone to buy one.
Consider it a bonus feature.

4. Your phone is old

If your device is more than a few years old then using one of the latest phones
will blow you away. The screens are so sharp and clear and they whiz along
without a hint of lag.

The Samsung S7 range has a new processor and 4GB of RAM to make it faster than
its predecessor and also features fast-charging tech along with a longer-lasting
battery and the latest version of Android. You won't find this on your
3-year-old device, and trying a new phone (not just a Samsung) will be a digital
delight.

Also, moving from an older 4-inch phone to one with a bigger screen makes a lot
of difference if you use it a lot to read or to watch videos.

5. You use your phone as your watch

The new phones feature an Always On function, which means time time, date and
battery level show even when the phone is turned off. It's only a small thing,
but it is handy if you are always pulling your phone out to check the time.

However, the Samsung S7 range is not without its shortcomings.

6. You are interested in virtual reality

VR is one of the coolest things in tech at the moment and you can pair one of
these phones (or the S6 range) with a headset to experience it at an affordable
price.

The Samsung Gear VR costs about $300 and takes viewing movies or games to a
whole new level.

However, nothing is perfect so here are three reasons not to upgrade.

1. They cost between $1199 and $1399

That's a lot to spend on a phone, especially when you can get a Galaxy S5 for
$600. That's a good phone though it's a bit plasticky compared to its younger
siblings.

You do get a lot of tech for your money, but you can save yourself a lot of
money if you can handle not having the latest device with all the best features.

2. The Samsung version of Android

Many smartphone companies put their own tweak on the Android operating system by
adding in extra features.

I prefer the pure version of Android which can be found on many phones,
including Google's Nexus range.

This alone shouldn't put you off buying a Samsung phone as you can hide a lot of
the installed apps. It's just a bit of a hassle.

3. There's plenty of other great options

All the top manufacturers make excellent devices and if you're looking at
high-end phones then there's a lot to choose from.

There's not a huge difference between them, and a lot comes down to personal
taste around design and branding. If you are an Android fan, Huawei, LG and Sony
have just released devices (though not all are available here yet).

--------------------

CAPTION:

The Samsung S7, left, and S7 Edge smartphones are available in New Zealand now.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             716 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             May 14, 2016 Saturday

Android makes rapid gains in EU, iOS share falls: Report

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 526 words


The latest smartphone OS data from Kantar Worldpanel ComTech for the three
months ending March 2016 shows Android continuing to grow sales across the EU5,
US, and Urban China. There were solid gains in the EU5 (Great Britain, Germany,
France, Italy, and Spain), up 7.1% points to 75.6%. In the US, Android share
increased 7.3% points to 65.5%, and in China, it rose nearly 6% points to over
77%."This is the strongest growth for Android across the EU5 in more than two
years," said Lauren Guenveur, mobile analyst for Kantar Worldpanel ComTech.
"What's more, the growth is coming not just from one or two players, but from
different brands and ecosystems, varying from region to region."In the EU5, iOS
share declined from 20.2% to 18.9% in the three months ending March 2016.
Windows phone sales dropped five percentage points to become 4.9% of overall
smartphone sales in the region. Nearly 7% (6.6%) of new Android customers came
from Windows, vs.

just 3.3% from iOS. Among new iOS buyers, 2.6% migrated from Windows."For those
switching from Windows, Android has offered a better user experience, with a
variety of brands and models across a multitude of price points," said Dominic
Sunnebo, business unit director for Kantar Worldpanel ComTech Europe. "In Italy
and France, the strongest Windows Phone markets for a time, nearly 10% of
Windows mobile users moved to Android in the three months ending March 2016.
What's more, they opted for brands like Huawei, Wiko, and Asus, featuring
mid-range devices that represent good value for the money. Contrast that with
Great Britain, where Android growth is still dominated by Samsung, and driven in
this period by mid-range devices like the J5 and A5."Android's gains in the US
came from increased sales by ecosystem partners Samsung, Motorola and
LG."Although it was available for only a few weeks during this sales period, the
Samsung Galaxy S7 was the fifth best-selling device in the three months ending
March 2016, capturing 4.2% of sales," Guenveur said. "The Galaxy S6 also
performed well, due to price reductions before the S7's release. Motorola
experienced higher sales, particularly with Verizon, and grew to 9.8% of the
smartphone market, up from 6.9% a year previously.""In urban China, iOS
continued to decline to 21.1% in the three months ending March 2016, down from
26.1% in the same period a year ago. Android had its best year-on-year growth
since the three-month period ending October 2014, moving up 5.9% points
year-on-year to 77.7%," said Tamsin Timpson, strategic insight director at
Kantar Worldpanel ComTech Asia."In EU5, share growth from the Samsung Galaxy S7,
expected to be one of the most popular phones of the year - has not yet
occurred. As the impact of the S7 materializes, it may change the nature and
path of the Android market," Guenveur added."Android share could also be
negatively affected by high demand for the Apple iPhone SE. iPhone SE sales will
be particularly important in China, where success in the mid-tier will determine
the top player in the region. These factors should play out further in the next
quarter," she noted.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             717 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            August 3, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung Electronics unveils new curved-screen Galaxy Note phone in H2 sales push

LENGTH: 605  words


Samsung Electronics Co Ltd on Wednesday unveiled a new Galaxy Note smartphone
with a curved screen and iris-recognition technology, seeking to build on the
sales momentum that has helped it roar back to surging profit growth.

The home screen on a Samsung Electronics Co Galaxy Note 7 smartphone is
displayed during a demonstration in London, UK, July 29, 2016.[Photo/VCG]

Samsung Electronics Co Ltd on Wednesday unveiled a new Galaxy Note smartphone
with a curved screen and iris-recognition technology, seeking to build on the
sales momentum that has helped it roar back to surging profit growth.

Samsung, the world's top smartphone maker, saw its January-June mobile profit
jump 49 percent from a year earlier, thanks to robust sales of its flagship
Galaxy S7 devices as well as a line-up overhaul that ditched unpopular models
for fewer but more attractive new mid-to-low tier products.

Iris-scanning technology using an infra-red camera is demonstrated on a Samsung
Electronics Co Galaxy Note 7 smartphone in London, UK, July 29, 2016.
[Photo/VCG]

The South Korean firm is betting the new big-screen device - the Galaxy Note 7 -
will help sustain its mobile business revival through the second half, though
new launches from rivals like Apple Inc will likely steal some of the thunder.

Samsung is using a 5.7-inch, curved screen display for the Galaxy Note 7. The
new device employs a similar design to the Galaxy S series, but offers a larger
screen and functions involving a pen accessory. Grip on the device was also
improved to make it easier to be used with one hand.

The firm didn't disclose pricing, but said sales will begin in a first group of
markets on Aug. 19 without saying exactly where.

A color blending feature of the Galaxy Note 7 is demonstrated in New York, July
28, 2016. [Photo/IC]

The new smartphone is a successor to last year's flat-screen Galaxy Note 5, but
the firm opted to skip a digit and give it the number 7 to make numbering
consistent with the latest version of the Galaxy S which began selling in March.

Researcher Strategy Analytics said the curved-screen Galaxy S7 edge was the
world's best-selling Android smartphone during the first half of this year.
Samsung hopes the new curved-screen Note phone will enjoy a similar appeal.

Jonathan Wong of Samsung's Knox Product Marketing, shows the iris scanner
feature of the Galaxy Note 7, in New York, July 28, 2016. [Photo/IC]

The Note 7 also features an iris scanner, allowing users to unlock the device
through the recognition of their eyes - the first such application for a Samsung
smartphone. The firm earlier this year announced a tablet device with the
feature for India.

The Galaxy Note 7 will also be compatible with Samsung Pay, a mobile payments
service that competes with Apple Pay, among others, which Samsung hopes will
help boost margins for its devices and set its products apart from other Android
phones.

Samsung also unveiled a new version of its Gear VR virtual reality headset with
upgraded features such as improved viewing angles. Company executives say
promotional activities pairing a VR device with the Galaxy S7 phones helped
boost sales this year.

The Galaxy Note 7, foreground, is displayed in New York, July 28, 2016.
[Photo/IC]

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/36/147020779215.jpg

b083fe955b6c190ba69d19.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/28/147020779262.jpg

b083fe955b6c190ba69d18.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/55/147020779313.jpg

b083fe955b6c190ba73323.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/72/147020779631.jpg

b083fe955b6c190ba72722.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/81/147020779684.jpg

b083fe955b6c190ba74b24.jpg

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             718 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge Official Images

LENGTH: 46  words


By Tony Luke -

The Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge officially launched yesterday. Here are the
official pictures of the two devices.

You can read a more detailed article regarding the specs here, or watch our
hands on video here.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/42/145618479474.jpg




LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             719 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Calgary Sun

                            October 14, 2016 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Samsung taking phone returns

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A21

LENGTH: 156  words

DATELINE: MISSISSAUGA, Ont.


Samsung says Canadians with Galaxy Note 7 smartphones can start returning the
devices today as part of a global safety recall following reports of overheating
batteries that pose a fire hazard.

Samsung Electronics Canada Inc. of Mississauga, Ont., has advised consumers to
return the phones to the stores where they were bought.

Devices returned to retailers and carriers can be exchanged for a Galaxy S7 or
Galaxy S7 Edge phone, or customers can opt for a full refund for the recalled
Note 7s and specific accessories.

Samsung.com customers are being offered a refund upon receipt of the Galaxy Note
7s.

Samsung Canada says it will contact customers who bought their smartphones
through Samsung.com about the return process.

The South Korean electronics giant said Tuesday it would stop making and selling
the Note 7s and advised owners to turn offand stop using the smartphones.
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Associated Press; Canadians are advised to stop using Samsung's
defective Galaxy Note 7.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Calgary Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                             720 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             May 4, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung Gear VR selling for as low as Rs 990

SECTION: MORE GADGETS

LENGTH: 227 words


NEW DELHI: In attempt to boost sales of Samsung'sin India, the Korean tech giant
is offering it for as low as Rs 990. As per Samsung's new offer, consumers can
get their hands on a new Gear VR headset, worth Rs 8,200, for just Rs 990 with
every newGalaxy S7 or S7 edge purchased in the month of May. Customers will have
to enroll on the 'My Galaxy app' and redeem the coupon to buy the Gear VR for Rs
990 by June 30, according to a trusted Mumbai-based.claims that the devce
delivers enhanced experience to users at the time of watching movies, 360 degree
videos, games and other new content available for the headset.

The company has also incorporated foam cushioning to make the device more
comfortable for the user.The headset is compatible with Samsung Galaxy S6,
Galaxy Note 5, Galaxy S6 Edge and Galaxy S6 Edge+ smartphones and is also 22%
lighter as compared to the earlier edition. The Samsung Gear VR features a fixed
lens with 96 degree of field view. It also features Accelerator, Gyrometer,
Proximity sensors and will be available in Frost White colour options.Samsung is
offering attractive discounts on its smartphones- Galaxy S6, Galaxy Note 5,
Galaxy A7, Galaxy A5 and Galaxy Grand Prime 4G. Other than smartphones, the
company is also offering deals on TVs, ACs, Refrigerators, washing machines and
microwave.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             721 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                             July 7, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Samsung gains an edge with S7;
Briefs ; TECHNOLOGY

SECTION: BUSINESS WEEK;NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 192 words


AFTER ending a two-year smartphone slide with the Galaxy S7, Samsung could be
about to hike capital spending to sustain a revival across the company.

often the most expensive components, into devices made by others. With the South
Korean company said to be in talks to supply Apple with nextgeneration At least
$5bn more of investment is heading to the display and semiconductor businesses,
according to a survey of analyst estimates, to help Samsung ride out bumps in
the phone market. Such a move reflects new optimism about the company after the
success of the Galaxy S7, with the shares rallying 17pc this year.

OLED screens and bring out its own phones with bendable screens, Samsung can use
its cash pile of more than $60bn to extend its lead on rivals. "Samsung's
smartphone business has finally had a soft landing after a bumpy ride," said
Chung Chang Won, an analyst at Nomura Holdings in Seoul. Samsung will probably
boost spending on memory and displays, which "are poised for a sudden rise as
the next growth drivers." (Bloomberg) Samsung's rise into an electronics
behemoth has been fuelled by the ability to get its memory chips and displays,

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             722 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           October 15, 2016 Saturday
                                  Home Edition

TECHNOLOGY;
Smartphone recall will cost at least $5.3 billion;
Samsung says it will overhaul its quality assurance processes to improve safety.

BYLINE: Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part C; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 527 words


Samsung Electronics said Friday that the discontinuation of the Galaxy Note 7
would cost the company about $3 billion during the current and next quarters,
bringing the total cost of the recall to at least $5.3 billion.

The discontinuation will cost in the mid-2-trillion-won range during the
October-December period and an additional 1 trillion won ($884 million) during
the January-March quarter, the company said in a statement.

Samsung already slashed its third-quarter profit forecast by $2.6 billion this
week, an amount that could wipe out its entire mobile business profit. That did
not include the cost of Samsung's first recall, which analysts estimated at 1
trillion won to 2 trillion won.

Samsung has enough cash and other businesses to absorb the shock from the phone
recall. It said that it expected to generate 5.2 trillion won ($4.6 billion) in
operating income during the third quarter after the recall cost. Analysts said
most of the income will be generated by sales of advanced displays and
semiconductors.

Samsung added that it will make significant changes in its quality assurance
processes to enhance product safety for consumers. It did not elaborate.

The company said it will expand sales of two other smartphones released in
spring, the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge, quashing rumors that it may try to
release updated versions of those devices. Samsung usually releases a new
iteration of the Galaxy S series in spring, so the company may have to provide a
strong incentive to sell the 6-month-old phones, such as lowering their prices.

Due to unexplained fires and overheating problems, more than 2.5 million Galaxy
Note 7 smartphones were recalled before the product was discontinued this week
just two months after its launch in August.

In the United States, 1.9 million Note 7 phones are subject to the two recalls.
Samsung also recalled about 200,000 phones in China and about 500,000 in South
Korea.

The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission said there were 96 reports of
batteries in Note 7 phones overheating in the country, including 23 new reports
since the first recall announcement last month. The company received 13 reports
of burns and 47 reports of property damages associated with the phones.

"Consumers should immediately stop using and power down all Galaxy Note 7
devices, including Note 7 devices received as replacements in the previous
recall," the agency said.

The botched recall raised questions about Samsung's initial analysis of the Note
7 phone's problems. At first, Samsung said a minor manufacturing error in the
batteries for the Note 7 was causing the phones to overheat.

The problem with the replacements is still unclear. Experts say Samsung may have
rushed to conclude the Note 7's problem was a battery issue, and it may take a
long time to find the real cause.

Seeking to retain customers, Samsung is giving an incentive of a $100 credit to
Note 7 owners who switch to another Samsung phone.

The Note 7 device was one of the most expensive smartphones in the market with
all the latest technologies from Samsung, including the ability to unlock the
phone by scanning a user's iris.

It was sold for $850 to $890.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: A WOMAN in Seoul walks past ads for Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 and
S7. In the U.S., 1.9 million Note 7 phones are subject to two recalls. Samsung
also recalled about 200,000 phones in China and 500,000 in South Korea.
PHOTOGRAPHER:JUNG YEON-JE AFP/Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             723 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                WMI Company News

                             March 29, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung rolls out Samsung Pay in China

LENGTH: 159 words


South Korean electronics giant Samsung has introduced its mobile wallet service
Samsung Pay in China in alliance with China UnionPay, state-owned bankcard
association.

Samsung Pay currently supports selected credit and debit cards from nine banks
in the country, namely China CITIC Bank, China Construction Bank, China
Everbright Bank, China Guangfa Bank, China Minsheng Banking, China Merchants
Bank, Hua Xia Bank, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, and Ping An Bank.

The mobile wallet users can make payments using Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge,
Galaxy S6 Edge+ and Galaxy Note5.

The company is also planning to add more phones with fingerprint readers later,
which will include the Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 Edge, A5, A7 and A9.

The launch follows the foray of Apple Pay in China in alliance with China
UnionPay.

Samsung Pay and Apple Pay will have to compete with other payment options such
as Tencent's WeChat Payment and Ant Financial's Alipay in the country.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 World Market Intelligence Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             724 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                      September 4, 2016 Sunday 6:30 AM EST

Reliance Jio Services Open Today; These Are the Phones That Will Work on the
Network

BYLINE: Himanshu Kapoor

LENGTH: 485  words


On Monday, Spetember 5, Reliance Jio services will be made available to all and
once you get the SIM card of the network you can enjoy the free usage until
December 31. All you need is a smartphone which is VoLTE enabled.

Reliance Jio is the buzz word since the super cheap plans of the 4G network were
announced earlier this week with free calls on any network, free roaming and
much lower 4G data usage rates. The announcements saw leadings telecom
subscribers like Airtel and Vodafone slashing their 4G plans rates drastically.

While you can still enjoy the services of Jio on your 4G enabled phones but
making calls won't be possible without the VoLTE support on your phone. Though
there is app-based workaround this, the true experience of the network can be
enjoyed on VoLTE phones.

And if you are in the market for a new smartphone and also fancy yourself
getting a Reliance Jio connection, we have listed out the handsets which are
VoLTE capable.

While the list of phones available in the Indian market with VoLTE capability
can be exhaustive, we have rounded up some of the top selling phones on which
you can use your Reliance Jio SIM card to enjoy all the benefits on offer.

Models: Samsung Galaxy A5 (2016)

Samsung Galaxy A7 (2016)

Samsung Galaxy A7

Samsung Galaxy Avant

Samsung Galaxy Core Prime

Samsung Galaxy Golden

Samsung Galaxy Grand

Samsung Galaxy J Max tablet

Samsung Galaxy J2

Samsung Galaxy J5

Samsung Galaxy J7

Samsung Galaxy Light

Samsung Galaxy On5

Samsung Galaxy On7

Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 LTE

Samsung Galaxy Note 3

Samsung Galaxy Note 4

Samsung Galaxy Note 5

Samsung Galaxy Note Edge

Samsung Galaxy Note II LTE

Samsung Galaxy Pop

Samsung Galaxy Round

Samsung Galaxy S III LTE

Samsung Galaxy S4

Samsung Galaxy S4 mini LTE

Samsung Galaxy S4 Zoom

Samsung Galaxy S5

Samsung Galaxy S5 Active

Samsung Galaxy S6

Samsung Galaxy S6

Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+

Samsung Galaxy S7

Samsung Galaxy S7

Samsung Galaxy Win

Samsung Z2

Models: iPhone 6

iPhone 6 Plus

iPhone 6S

iPhone 6S Plus

iPhone SE

Model: Oneplus 3

Model: Asus ZenFone Pegasus 3

Models: Coolpad Mega 2.5D

Coolpad Note 3

Coolpad Note 3 Lite

Models: HTC 10

HTC Desire 524

HTC Desire 526

HTC Desire EYE

HTC J butterfly

HTC One (M8)

HTC One M9

Models: Huawei Ascend D2 LTE

Huawei Ascend P7

Huawei Google Nexus 6P

Models: Karbonn Aura Power

Karbonn Quattro L55 HD

Models: Lava A71 4G

Lava A88

Lava X38

Lava X46

Models: LeEco Le 2

LeEco Le 2 Pro

Models: Lenovo A6000 Plus

Lenovo A6600

Models: LG G Flex

LG G Flex 2

LG G Pro

LG G2

LG G3

LG G4

LG Google Nexus 5X

LG isai VL

LG K10 LTE

LG K7 LTE

LG Optimus GX

LG Optimus LTE 2

LG Optimus LTE III

LG Optimus Vu II

LG Spirit LTE

LG Stylo/ LG Stylus

LG Stylus 2

LG X cam

Models: Xiaomi Mi 5

Xiaomi Mi Max

Xiaomi Redmi 3S

Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime

Xiaomi Redmi Note 3

Models: Moto G (Gen. 3)

Moto G4

Moto G4 Plus

Motorola Google Nexus 6

Models: Sony Xperia A4

Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Dual

Sony Xperia SP

Sony Xperia Z2

Sony Xperia Z2 Tablet

Sony Xperia Z3

Sony Xperia Z3 Compact

Sony Xperia Z4

Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             725 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                The Jordan Times

                            March 24, 2016 Thursday

Deceptive numbers versus quality

LENGTH: 544  words


By Jean-Claude Elias - Mar 24,2016 - Last updated at Mar 24,2016

In an apparently strange move, Samsung's newest flagship smartphone, the Galaxy
S7, features a 12-megapixel (MP) camera, whereas two models ago the company S5's
camera sported 16MP. Does this constitute a step backward, a bad thing?

On the contrary, it is a wise move forward and the decision of a manufacturer
that is now mature. More importantly it tells you a lot about deceptive numbers
versus quality. If this known commercial behaviour can be found in many fields,
it is more particularity flagrant in the world of high-tech where vendors try to
entice you to buy their products by impressing you with raw numbers that do not
really reflect the final quality or performance.

As a matter of fact, the new Galaxy S7 camera performs significantly better than
previous models that have higher MP count and has already received a milestone
of 88 per cent, the highest mark by any smartphone camera on the respected
DXOMark web reference test. The explanation is simple, regardless of MP count,
the S7 lens is of a much better quality. Besides, professional photographers are
rarely impressed by the MP count that only reflects the size of the photo you
get in the end, not its quality. And since 12MP already produce a quite large
picture, who needs more then on a phone set?

Transpose the concept to Internet subscriptions now. In Amman you can get a 24Mb
ADSL line or a 4Mb leased line, among other options of course. Here again, 24Mb
seems faster at first sight. The truth is it is not. The inherent structure of
ADSL means that you are actually sharing the line with a few other subscribers
and that what you actually get depends on everybody's usage at any given moment.
In other words, the real speed is totally inconsistent and oscillates between
some values, the highest of which is 24Mb, if you are very, very lucky.

On the other hand, a leased like is just for you, fully dedicated, no one else
uses it and you always get consistent 4Mb, both in upload and download, which
anyway is never the case in ADSL mode. Now of course, ADSL even at 24Mb will
cost you between 400 and 800 dinars per year (depending on whether you are a
home user or a business client), whereas leased lines are five to six times more
expensive; but this is another subject altogether.

On to hard disks. Forget about terabytes, although the flashy numbers can always
help you to impress your friends over social talk in the evening. Typically
vendors will only tell you about how large the capacity of the hard disk is,
1TB, 2TB, etc., but its actual working speed is kept in the background, in the
shadow. Hard disks rotational speed varies from as "slow" as 4,500 rpm
(rotations per minute) to superfast models operating at 15,000 rpm. In between
these two extremes, you get 5,400, 7,500 or 10,000 rpm. The slowest are usually
found on entry-level laptop computers, whereas the fastest are installed on
servers.

Naturally, in the end it all boils down to numbers when it comes to technology,
but vendors should give you all the numbers, not just those they choose to put
forward, and the accurate ones what's more. It's like telling the truth in
court, in cannot be just partial, it must be complete so as not to deceive.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 62


                        Copyright 2016 The Jordan Times.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             726 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Sunday Tribune (South Africa)

                               February 28, 2016
                                   E1 Edition

Launching us into S7th heaven

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 1012 words


Samsung launched its new Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge smartphones at Mobile World
Congress in Barcelona this past week. Although details of the devices were
widely leaked before the official unveiling by the company's mobile chief DJ
Koh, they didn't do justice to just how great the two flagship projects look and
feel in the reality.

While at first glance they look quite a bit like their predecessors, there are
actually quite a few differences, some subtle and some quite significant.

One of the big disappointments of the S6 line was that Samsung did away with the
removable battery, water resistance and the micro SD card slot.

There's still no removable battery - nor is there likely to ever again be one,
given how these devices are now built. But Samsung's done the next best thing
(for traditionalists) by squeezing in bigger batteries.

Poor battery life was one of the big downfalls of the S6 line, one Samsung looks
to have rectified with its successor.

The S7 comes with a 3 000mAh battery, up from the S6's 2 550mAh, while the S7
Edge, a bigger phone, boasts a beefy 3 600mAh battery, a full 1 000mAh bigger
than the one in last year's Edge. There's also a range of aftermarket battery
packs and wireless charging attachments available.

The micro SD card makes a welcome return, and both devices will ship with
Android 6.0 Marshmallow, which allows users to merge the SD card with the
internal flash memory to create a single big pool of storage.

One of the things I really liked about the Galaxy S5 was its water resistance.
Although its ingress protection level of IP67 meant it was only guaranteed to
guard against brief immersion, it was enough to save the phone from a temporary
dunking, like a drop in the loo or a poolside fumble.

I wasn't alone in my disappointment when Samsung removed even this mild level of
protection with the S6 line. But now it's back and better than ever.

With an IP68 rating, the S7 and S7 Edge are now both totally dust tight and will
withstand submersion in 1.5m of water for 30 minutes. Nicely played, Samsung!

The company's clearly heard its customers, a point underlined by Koh at the
launch.

"We listen to our customers and... never assume we know everything. Unlike some
companies, we would never presume to tell our customers what they should want,"
he said.

No prizes for guessing who he's talking about.

Speaking of Apple-bashing, the camera on the S7 and S7 Edge was repeatedly
compared at the launch to the snapper on the iPhone 6 - and not to Apple's
benefit.

Although the megapixel count has dropped from 16MP to 12MP, Samsung is billing
this as an upgrade because they've upped the pixel size, allowing more light
into each snap.

I've long believed raw megapixel count isn't a reliable gauge of a digital
camera's capabilities and Samsung may just have achieved the perfect balance
with the S7 and S7 Edge.

The low-light examples shown at the launch looked particularly impressive and
the few shots I snapped using the demo units bore this out. I am really looking
forward to putting the camera properly through its paces when a review unit
becomes available.

There will also be plenty of aftermarket accessories for the S7 and S7 Edge,
including some nifty clip-on camera lenses.

As I mentioned earlier, both phones bear a passing resemblance to their
predecessors, which is not a bad thing as the S6 and S6 Edge were two of the
prettiest phones around. The new versions are, if anything, even more striking,
with the S7 Edge in my opinion now the most beautiful phone in the world.

Samsung has also improved how they feel in hand, with both devices easier to
hold and manipulate with one hand, despite their fairly large sizes. The S7 has
a 5.1-inch, quad HD super amoled display, just like its predecessor, while the
Edge has a bigger 5.5-inch quad HD super amoled display that's curved on both
sides.

One of my gripes about the S6 Edge was that, although it was a real looker, it
didn't feel great, with its flat, fairly sharp back tending to cut into your
hand. The S7 Edge, by contrast, feels just as good as it looks.

The back of the phone now has a slight curve to it and it nestled nicely into my
medium-sized mitts. Surprisingly well, in fact, for such a big phone and a lot
better than the similarly-sized iPhone 6S Plus. Samsung's also added plenty of
clever software features that make use of the device's curved edges. For
example, you're able to call up your favourite contacts, scroll through them and
dial one, all using the thumb of one hand.

Samsung had one more surprise in store for the tech journos gathered for their
event in Barcelona. Tethered to each chair in the hall was one of the company's
Gear VR virtual reality headsets, which were used for several demonstrations
during the launch. After one such demo, we removed our headsets to find a
surprise guest standing on stage - Facebook founder and chief executive Mark
Zuckerberg. The geek equivalent of Bieber mania ensued as journalists surged
towards the front to snap pics.

Facebook owns virtual reality company Oculus, which makes an expensive, high-end
headset called the Rift, and Zuckerberg was there to talk up the bright future
he sees for this new way of interacting with content.

The Gear VR is much cheaper and you don't need to pair it with a high-end PC.
Instead, you slot in one of Samsung's newer smartphones to access games and
other VR content.

In an attempt to kickstart VR adoption, Samsung announced it would give away a
pair of Gear VR headsets to anyone who pre-ordered an S7 or S7 Edge. Samsung
South Africa's Justin Hume confirmed this would apply in South Africa too.

The S7 and S7 Edge land here on March 11. Local pricing has yet to be revealed,
but you can expect it to be on the high end of the spectrum.

Samsung's event took place in the run-up to Mobile Work Congress. Check out next
week's column for details of other product launches and more highlights of this,
the world's biggest trade show devoted exclusively to mobile technology. l Alan
Cooper attended the event as a guest of Samsung.

l Follow Alan Cooper on Twitter @alanqcooper

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NT


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             727 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             July 7, 2016 Thursday

Huawei proves Samsung is infringing its patents

BYLINE: Liu Zheng

LENGTH: 509  words


Chinese electronic giant Huawei Technologies Co Ltd has collected substantial
evidence to prove Samsung Electronics Co has infringed its patents, according to
an industry media report on Wednesday.

A model poses for photographs with Samsung's new smartphone Galaxy S7 during its
launching ceremony in Seoul, South Korea, March 10, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

Chinese electronic giant Huawei Technologies Co Ltd has collected substantial
evidence to prove Samsung Electronics Co has infringed its patents, according to
an industry media report on Wednesday.

As c114.net reports, through the purchase of the South Korean tech company's
latest flagship handsets, a total of 16 products were alleged by Huawei to
infringe its patent rights.

The company is demanding 80 million yuan ($12 million) in compensation against
three subsidiaries of Samsung, including the Beijing-based Samsung (China)
Investment Co, Samsung Electronics Huizhou Co and Tianjin Samsung Telecom
Technology Co.

The Shenzhen-based company confirmed to China Daily that it had filed patent
infringement lawsuits against Samsung in two courts in China.

"Huawei is looking for legal protection for its property rights and for a
"reasonable" compensation," the company said in a statement.

According to media reports, under the supervision of notaries, Huawei on April 5
bought a Galaxy S7 (SM-G9300 model) handset and a Galaxy S7 edge (SM-G9350
model) handset, both manufactured by Samsung Electronics Huizhou Co, at an
electric appliance store in Quanzhou, Fujian province.

The company also bought a Galaxy J5 (SM-J5008 model) handset, manufactured by
Tianjin Samsung Telecom Technology Co, at a local telecom operator, according to
the report.

Huawei said that after analysis, it found the Samsung mobile phones had all the
technical features of an invention allegedly patented by Huawei and originally
granted by China's State Intellectual Property Office on June 5, 2011.

The Quanzhou intermediate people's court had reportedly accepted Huawei's case
recently. The company said the second case was filed with the Shenzhen
Intermediate People's Court, but declined to provide details.

In late May this year, Huawei took rival Samsung to court in China and the
United States over alleged patent infringements.

Huawei said the dispute involved the fourth-generation wireless standard in the
US, while in China it related to 4G standards as well as other smartphone
functions.

Huawei is also suing T-Mobile for 4G patent infringements.

According to Reuters, a Samsung spokeswoman said the South Korean company would
"thoroughly review the complaint" and take appropriate action to defend its
interests.

Huawei has 80,000 workers in research and development and invests $9.2 billion
in R&D annually, about 15 per cent of its global sales.

By the end of last year, the company had 50,377 authorized patents and had
applied for 52,550 in China and 30,613 abroad, according to the company's annual
report.

Ma Si contributed to this story.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/66/146788154764.jpg

f8bc126d980d18e840b201.jpg

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             728 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                                  July 7, 2016

Huawei proves Samsung is infringing its patents

BYLINE: Liu Zheng

LENGTH: 475  words


Chinese electronic giant Huawei Technologies Co Ltd has collected substantial
evidence to prove Samsung Electronics Co has infringed its patents, according to
an industry media report on Wednesday.

A model poses for photographs with Samsung's new smartphone Galaxy S7 during its
launching ceremony in Seoul, South Korea, March 10, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

Chinese electronic giant Huawei Technologies Co Ltd has collected substantial
evidence to prove Samsung Electronics Co has infringed its patents, according to
an industry media report on Wednesday.

As c114.net reports, through the purchase of the South Korean tech company's
latest flagship handsets, a total of 16 products were alleged by Huawei to
infringe its patent rights.

The company is demanding 80 million yuan ($12 million) in compensation against
three subsidiaries of Samsung, including the Beijing-based Samsung (China)
Investment Co, Samsung Electronics Huizhou Co and Tianjin Samsung Telecom
Technology Co.

The Shenzhen-based company confirmed to China Daily that it had filed patent
infringement lawsuits against Samsung in two courts in China.

"Huawei is looking for legal protection for its property rights and for a
"reasonable" compensation," the company said in a statement.

According to media reports, under the supervision of notaries, Huawei on April 5
bought a Galaxy S7 (SM-G9300 model) handset and a Galaxy S7 edge (SM-G9350
model) handset, both manufactured by Samsung Electronics Huizhou Co, at an
electric appliance store in Quanzhou, Fujian province.

The company also bought a Galaxy J5 (SM-J5008 model) handset, manufactured by
Tianjin Samsung Telecom Technology Co, at a local telecom operator, according to
the report.

Huawei said that after analysis, it found the Samsung mobile phones had all the
technical features of an invention allegedly patented by Huawei and originally
granted by China's State Intellectual Property Office on June 5, 2011.

The Quanzhou intermediate people's court had reportedly accepted Huawei's case
recently .

In late May this year, Huawei took rival Samsung to court in China and the
United States over alleged patent infringements.

Huawei said the dispute involved the fourth-generation wireless standard in the
US, while in China it related to 4G standards as well as other smartphone
functions.

Huawei is also suing T-Mobile for 4G patent infringements.

According to Reuters, a Samsung spokeswoman said the South Korean company would
"thoroughly review the complaint" and take appropriate action to defend its
interests.

Huawei has 80,000 workers in research and development and invests $9.2 billion
in R&D annually, about 15 per cent of its global sales.

By the end of last year, the company had 50,377 authorized patents and had
applied for 52,550 in China and 30,613 abroad, according to the company's annual
report.

Ma Si contributed to this story.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             729 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                             July 6, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung set to boost spending as S7 revives phone fortunes

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 777 words


After ending a two-year smartphone slide with the Galaxy S7, Samsung Electronics
Co. could be about to hike capital spending to sustain a revival across the
company.

At least $5 billion more of investment is headed to the display and
semiconductor businesses, according to a survey of analyst estimates, to help
Samsung ride out bumps in the phone market. Such a move reflects new optimism
about the company after the success of the Galaxy S7, with the shares rallying
13 per cent this year.

Samsung's rise into an electronics behemoth has been fuelled by the ability to
get its memory chips and displays, often the most expensive components, into
devices made by others. With the South Korean company said to be in talks to
supply Apple with next-generation OLED screens and bring out its own phones with
bendable screens, Samsung can use its cash pile of more than $60 billion to
extend its lead on rivals.

"Samsung's smartphone business has finally had a soft landing after a bumpy
ride," said Chung Chang Won, an analyst at Nomura Holdings Inc. in Seoul.
Samsung will probably boost spending on memory and displays, which "are poised
for a sudden rise as the next growth drivers."

The shares slid 3.3 per cent to close Wednesday at 1.42 million won. Analysts
however are betting they've got room to rise. Since the company's last earnings
report, the average target price of analysts has risen by 6.7 per cent, backing
the Galaxy S7's ability to keep winning customers. In the same period, profit
estimates have risen by almost half a billion dollars.

Samsung will report preliminary second-quarter earnings Thursday, with operating
income expected to rise about seven per cent to 7.4 trillion won ($6.4 billion),
according to the average estimate. Sales are projected to increase 4.9 per cent
to 50.9 trillion won.

But with growth in the global smartphone market evaporating, it needs to build
up its other major businesses as competitors bring out new products in an
attempt to spark growth.

"The mobile business is holding up well, but it's still questionable whether
this trend will be sustained over the coming quarters with more new devices in
the pipeline from rivals," said Lee Jae-yun, an analyst at Yuanta Securities Co.

The Korean technology giant hasn't been afraid to make bold investments in
advanced technologies and plants, even during a severe economic downturn. That
has helped it outrun competitors in Japan and combat Chinese producers as it
rose to the top of smartphones, chips and TVs.

Samsung had almost $23 billion of capital spending in 2015, the fourth straight
year that capital expenditure topped $20 billion, according to data compiled by
Bloomberg. The company said in April that it spent 4.6 trillion won in the first
quarter and annual spending could increase slightly.

Organic light-emitted diode (OLED) is one such example, with Samsung championing
the screens as thinner, brighter and less taxing on the battery compared to
liquid-crystal displays. By using the technology in its own Galaxy range,
Samsung has become the biggest producer for mobile devices.

The company may introduce two new smartphones with bendable OLED screens as soon
as next year, a move that could spark sales of components to rivals, people
familiar with the matter said last month. Samsung has also held talks to be the
exclusive supplier of displays for future iPhones, people familiar have said.

Delivering such products requires new plants, factory upgrades and equipment and
the company may need to spend as much as 15 trillion won ($13 billion) just on
OLED, according to HI Investment & Securities Co. But it's got money in the
bank: its hoard of cash and short-term investments has been growing steadily in
past years, to more than 70 trillion won at the end of March.

"To keep rivals off its turf, Samsung needs to move faster and go bold with
investment now," said Chung Won-suk, a Seoul-based analyst at HI Investment.
"With Apple expected to join the race, the bendable display will eventually
become the default feature on future smartphones."

Samsung's panel-making subsidiary Samsung Display Co. has already started to
halt some of its older LCD lines to boost OLED capacity. Chung at HI Investment
expects that to continue.

The popularity of the Galaxy S7 models, one with a curved display, is expected
to have continued into the second quarter, helping to bail out its mobile
division from a slump that has hit Apple and Chinese companies.

"Samsung's business outlook seems extremely good and creates a lot of excitement
now," said Peter Yu, a Seoul-based analyst at BNP Paribas SA. "That is the
opposite of what had been thought earlier this year."

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             730 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                             July 6, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung set to boost spending as S7 revives phone fortunes

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 777 words


After ending a two-year smartphone slide with the Galaxy S7, Samsung Electronics
Co. could be about to hike capital spending to sustain a revival across the
company.

At least $5 billion more of investment is headed to the display and
semiconductor businesses, according to a survey of analyst estimates, to help
Samsung ride out bumps in the phone market. Such a move reflects new optimism
about the company after the success of the Galaxy S7, with the shares rallying
13 per cent this year.

Samsung's rise into an electronics behemoth has been fuelled by the ability to
get its memory chips and displays, often the most expensive components, into
devices made by others. With the South Korean company said to be in talks to
supply Apple with next-generation OLED screens and bring out its own phones with
bendable screens, Samsung can use its cash pile of more than $60 billion to
extend its lead on rivals.

"Samsung's smartphone business has finally had a soft landing after a bumpy
ride," said Chung Chang Won, an analyst at Nomura Holdings Inc. in Seoul.
Samsung will probably boost spending on memory and displays, which "are poised
for a sudden rise as the next growth drivers."

The shares slid 3.3 per cent to close Wednesday at 1.42 million won. Analysts
however are betting they've got room to rise. Since the company's last earnings
report, the average target price of analysts has risen by 6.7 per cent, backing
the Galaxy S7's ability to keep winning customers. In the same period, profit
estimates have risen by almost half a billion dollars.

Samsung will report preliminary second-quarter earnings Thursday, with operating
income expected to rise about seven per cent to 7.4 trillion won ($6.4 billion),
according to the average estimate. Sales are projected to increase 4.9 per cent
to 50.9 trillion won.

But with growth in the global smartphone market evaporating, it needs to build
up its other major businesses as competitors bring out new products in an
attempt to spark growth.

"The mobile business is holding up well, but it's still questionable whether
this trend will be sustained over the coming quarters with more new devices in
the pipeline from rivals," said Lee Jae-yun, an analyst at Yuanta Securities Co.

The Korean technology giant hasn't been afraid to make bold investments in
advanced technologies and plants, even during a severe economic downturn. That
has helped it outrun competitors in Japan and combat Chinese producers as it
rose to the top of smartphones, chips and TVs.

Samsung had almost $23 billion of capital spending in 2015, the fourth straight
year that capital expenditure topped $20 billion, according to data compiled by
Bloomberg. The company said in April that it spent 4.6 trillion won in the first
quarter and annual spending could increase slightly.

Organic light-emitted diode (OLED) is one such example, with Samsung championing
the screens as thinner, brighter and less taxing on the battery compared to
liquid-crystal displays. By using the technology in its own Galaxy range,
Samsung has become the biggest producer for mobile devices.

The company may introduce two new smartphones with bendable OLED screens as soon
as next year, a move that could spark sales of components to rivals, people
familiar with the matter said last month. Samsung has also held talks to be the
exclusive supplier of displays for future iPhones, people familiar have said.

Delivering such products requires new plants, factory upgrades and equipment and
the company may need to spend as much as 15 trillion won ($13 billion) just on
OLED, according to HI Investment & Securities Co. But it's got money in the
bank: its hoard of cash and short-term investments has been growing steadily in
past years, to more than 70 trillion won at the end of March.

"To keep rivals off its turf, Samsung needs to move faster and go bold with
investment now," said Chung Won-suk, a Seoul-based analyst at HI Investment.
"With Apple expected to join the race, the bendable display will eventually
become the default feature on future smartphones."

Samsung's panel-making subsidiary Samsung Display Co. has already started to
halt some of its older LCD lines to boost OLED capacity. Chung at HI Investment
expects that to continue.

The popularity of the Galaxy S7 models, one with a curved display, is expected
to have continued into the second quarter, helping to bail out its mobile
division from a slump that has hit Apple and Chinese companies.

"Samsung's business outlook seems extremely good and creates a lot of excitement
now," said Peter Yu, a Seoul-based analyst at BNP Paribas SA. "That is the
opposite of what had been thought earlier this year."

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             731 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                             July 6, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung set to boost spending as S7 revives phone fortunes

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 777 words


After ending a two-year smartphone slide with the Galaxy S7, Samsung Electronics
Co. could be about to hike capital spending to sustain a revival across the
company.

At least $5 billion more of investment is headed to the display and
semiconductor businesses, according to a survey of analyst estimates, to help
Samsung ride out bumps in the phone market. Such a move reflects new optimism
about the company after the success of the Galaxy S7, with the shares rallying
13 per cent this year.

Samsung's rise into an electronics behemoth has been fuelled by the ability to
get its memory chips and displays, often the most expensive components, into
devices made by others. With the South Korean company said to be in talks to
supply Apple with next-generation OLED screens and bring out its own phones with
bendable screens, Samsung can use its cash pile of more than $60 billion to
extend its lead on rivals.

"Samsung's smartphone business has finally had a soft landing after a bumpy
ride," said Chung Chang Won, an analyst at Nomura Holdings Inc. in Seoul.
Samsung will probably boost spending on memory and displays, which "are poised
for a sudden rise as the next growth drivers."

The shares slid 3.3 per cent to close Wednesday at 1.42 million won. Analysts
however are betting they've got room to rise. Since the company's last earnings
report, the average target price of analysts has risen by 6.7 per cent, backing
the Galaxy S7's ability to keep winning customers. In the same period, profit
estimates have risen by almost half a billion dollars.

Samsung will report preliminary second-quarter earnings Thursday, with operating
income expected to rise about seven per cent to 7.4 trillion won ($6.4 billion),
according to the average estimate. Sales are projected to increase 4.9 per cent
to 50.9 trillion won.

But with growth in the global smartphone market evaporating, it needs to build
up its other major businesses as competitors bring out new products in an
attempt to spark growth.

"The mobile business is holding up well, but it's still questionable whether
this trend will be sustained over the coming quarters with more new devices in
the pipeline from rivals," said Lee Jae-yun, an analyst at Yuanta Securities Co.

The Korean technology giant hasn't been afraid to make bold investments in
advanced technologies and plants, even during a severe economic downturn. That
has helped it outrun competitors in Japan and combat Chinese producers as it
rose to the top of smartphones, chips and TVs.

Samsung had almost $23 billion of capital spending in 2015, the fourth straight
year that capital expenditure topped $20 billion, according to data compiled by
Bloomberg. The company said in April that it spent 4.6 trillion won in the first
quarter and annual spending could increase slightly.

Organic light-emitted diode (OLED) is one such example, with Samsung championing
the screens as thinner, brighter and less taxing on the battery compared to
liquid-crystal displays. By using the technology in its own Galaxy range,
Samsung has become the biggest producer for mobile devices.

The company may introduce two new smartphones with bendable OLED screens as soon
as next year, a move that could spark sales of components to rivals, people
familiar with the matter said last month. Samsung has also held talks to be the
exclusive supplier of displays for future iPhones, people familiar have said.

Delivering such products requires new plants, factory upgrades and equipment and
the company may need to spend as much as 15 trillion won ($13 billion) just on
OLED, according to HI Investment & Securities Co. But it's got money in the
bank: its hoard of cash and short-term investments has been growing steadily in
past years, to more than 70 trillion won at the end of March.

"To keep rivals off its turf, Samsung needs to move faster and go bold with
investment now," said Chung Won-suk, a Seoul-based analyst at HI Investment.
"With Apple expected to join the race, the bendable display will eventually
become the default feature on future smartphones."

Samsung's panel-making subsidiary Samsung Display Co. has already started to
halt some of its older LCD lines to boost OLED capacity. Chung at HI Investment
expects that to continue.

The popularity of the Galaxy S7 models, one with a curved display, is expected
to have continued into the second quarter, helping to bail out its mobile
division from a slump that has hit Apple and Chinese companies.

"Samsung's business outlook seems extremely good and creates a lot of excitement
now," said Peter Yu, a Seoul-based analyst at BNP Paribas SA. "That is the
opposite of what had been thought earlier this year."

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             732 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Waterloo Region Record

                              April 8, 2016 Friday
                                 First Edition

Samsung's early debut of S7 beats estimates;
Smartphone sales hits nine million, helps company boost better-than-expected
profit

BYLINE: Bloomberg

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D8

LENGTH: 360 words


Samsung Electronics posted a better-than-expected first-quarter profit after the
early release of Galaxy S7 smartphones gave it a head-start on Apple and Chinese
rivals and helped counter an industry downturn.

Operating income rose to 6.6 trillion won ($5.7 billion US) in the three months
ended March, the world's largest maker of phones and memory chips said in
preliminary results released Thursday. That compares with the 5.53-trillion-won
average of analysts' estimates compiled by Bloomberg.

Samsung debuted its high-end smartphones in March, about a month earlier than
last year's, with sales of the S7 lineup estimated to have hit nine million
units during their first month - triple those of the S6 in the same time-frame.
Production of curved displays for its Edge version also went more smoothly this
time, avoiding the hiccups that plagued last year's wraparound-screen line while
holding down costs.

"The biggest reason for the sharply improved profitability is largely due to
much lower marketing spending for the mobile business," said Yoo Eui-hyung, an
analyst at Dongbu Securities Co. in Seoul.

"The big disparity between the earlier profit estimates and the latest revisions
stems entirely from the mobile business. The faster release surely helped but
it's dubious whether the S7 can continue to surprise the market in the longer
run."

Most of Samsung's revenue is in phones, a decelerating market in which it also
competes with Huawei Technologies Co. and Xiaomi Corp. Smartphone sales in 2016
are expected to rise by a single-digit percentage for the first time, according
to Gartner.

Samsung is continuing to reduce the number of phones in its lineup as it tries
to cut spending and focus on competitive devices. Total smartphone shipments for
the first three months were estimated at 78 million, compared with 82 million
units during the peak holiday quarter, according to four analysts surveyed by
Bloomberg.

"We expect Samsung's Galaxy S7 to be the world's bestselling Android smartphone
in 2016," said Neil Mawston, executive director at Strategy Analytics Inc.
"Samsung's range of lower-cost models, like the J series, is also selling well."

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             733 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            October 23, 2016 Sunday

After the Galaxy Note 7 fiasco, Samsung has a mountain to climb in gaining the
trust of its customers, but here're a few pointers on how it can do it

LENGTH: 77  words


With its Galaxy Note 7 completed killed off, Samsung is relying on its Galaxy S7
edge and Galaxy S7 to keep the momentum running till it prepares to introduce
its Galaxy S8. Unfortunately, in regaining the trust of both its investors and
customers, Samsung has more than a mountain to climb. Instead of focusing just
on improving its Galaxy S8, here's how the company can really win back the trust
of both of its consumer base and allow investors to return.

1
2
3
4
5
6
»


LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             734 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                              June 12, 2016 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Gadget fix;
Why expend energy on folding laundry, cycling, guessing how much suncream to
smear on yourself when robots, e-bikes and apps will do it all for you?

SECTION: SUNDAY;FEATURES; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 786 words


SAMSUNG GALAXY S7 EDGE One of the chief complaints about the S6 Edge was its
magical sidebar's dire consequences for battery life. The new model comes with
an upgraded 3,600 mAh battery (compared to the S7's 3,000 mAh) plus a fast
charger that restores full power in around 100 minutes. The curvaceous, metallic
handset uses a similar sized 5.5-inch Quad HD display as the standard S7, with a
slightly smaller 534 pixels per inch count (compared to 577ppi). The curved
glass finish feels satisfying but makes it easier to drop. Fortunately, it can
be submerged in 1.5m of water for up to 30 minutes without coming to harm.

The edge-based shortcuts are still a little gimmicky but hardware specs have
received a substantial boost. Processor speed is up 30% compared to the S6 model
and there are even greater improvements in the graphical department, allowing
users to make the most of the bundled Galaxy Gear VR headset. Available in
black, white, gold and silver, RAM has been bumped up from 3GB to 4GB to cope
with increased workloads while memory can be expanded via a microSD slot. The
dual pixel 12MP camera gives impressive results in low light settings. Images
are pin sharp when shot during the day and colours are vivid without being
over-saturated. There are several shooting options, including Motion Photo which
captures three seconds of video before the shutter is pressed for some
hilarious, and often awkward, results. A powerhouse of a phone, the S7 Edge has
curves in all the right places. From (EURO)119 on contract, www.samsung.com
ADIDAS X PARLEY Adidas's latest runners are made using plastics harvested from
the Indian Ocean and illegal, deep-sea gill nets. Produced to coincide with last
Wednesday's World Oceans Day, the sportswear firm teamed up with environmental
collective Parley for the shoes which are made from plastics collected from
coastal areas around the Maldives. Just 50 pairs are being made initially. Other
footwear made from similar materials is expected to go on sale later this year.
For now, they are more of a statement of intent about the firm's mission to
tackle marine pollution and are only available to Instagrammers who submit
videos showing their commitment to stop using single-use plastics. www.parley.tv
FOLDIMATE If you thought this was a nasty case of a shirt getting caught in an
air conditioning unit think again. FoldiMate is a robotic clothes folder
designed to take the hassle out of laundry processing. The wi-fi-enabled device,
which is at the prototype stage, is expected to go on sale next year. Makers
claim it will take up to 30 items of clothing at a time. Folding takes just 10
seconds while it takes another 30 seconds to decrease each garment. It will not
cope with large or small items and some items require additional ironing to look
their best but anything that makes domestic life easier is OK with us.
(EURO)750, www.foldimate.com LA ROCHE POSAY UV PATCH La Roche-Posay's UV patch,
designed in conjunction with Irish firm PCH International, is a world first for
wearables. Half the thickness of a human hair, the heart-shaped patch is applied
to exposed skin and contains photosensitive dyes that change colour in sunlight.
Users download an app to their Android or iOS smartphone, tap in their skin tone
and take a picture of the patch to monitor exposure levels. Android users can
pair to the device using NFC so there's no need to take pictures. With its
series of blue and white digital squares it looks like a child's temporary
transfer but has potential to be a lifesaver. After a three-hour, mid-afternoon
trip to the beach without suncream, I was exposed to two full days' worth of UV
allowance. La Roche-Posay is in the process of recruiting 7,000 testers to try
out the device from next month. Anyone interested can register on the website.
free, www.laroche-posay.ie LITHIUM CYCLES SUPER 73 We reckon this motorised
machine has the potential to become the Raleigh Chopper of the e-bike market.
The retro-styled Lithium Cycles Super 73 comes with an electric motor with a
range of 38kph and top speed of 48kph. The removeable lithium-ion battery is
suspended under the seat cushion and there's a set of pedals in case you run out
of power on the way home. It rides on 4-inch thick tyres that look they've come
from a motorbike and has an LCD display that shows speed, distance travelled and
battery life. Other features include disc brakes, a cup-holder and bottle-opener
plus a USB port for charging a phone. The Super 73 has smashed its (EURO)25,000
((EURO)22,000) Kickstarter crowdfunding goal with 15 days still to run but
backers will have to wait until October before deliveries commence. (EURO)1,677,
www.lithiumcycles.com

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2016 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             735 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   City A.M.

                              April 8, 2016 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Samsung's Galaxy S7 smartphone could push sales up by 10 per cent

BYLINE: LYNSEY BARBER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 199 words


SAMSUNG'S flagship Galaxy S7 smartphone is already paying off.

The South Korean firm expects a 10 per cent rise in sales for the first three
months to March of 6.6 trillion won (£3.9bn), ahead of analyst estimates of
around 5.5 trillion won.

Revenues were up four per cent to 49 trillion won for the same period compared
to last year. The company, which also makes TVs and other electronics, did not
break down the figures further. That failed to impress investors, however, as
Samsung shares closed down 1.25 per cent, indicating they may not see this bump
as a longterm turnaround to falling profits. "The biggest reason for the sharply
improved profitability is largely due to much lower marketing spending for the
mobile business. The big disparity between the earlier profit estimates and the
latest revisions stems entirely from the mobile business. The faster release
surely helped, but it's dubious whether the S7 can continue to surprise the
market in the longer run," Dongbu Securities analyst Yoo Eui Hyung said.

Demand for the S7 is "healthy", according to analysts. Sales are as much as 50
per cent higher in some markets, compared to last year's S6, according to
Counterpoint Research.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sales of the S7 are reported to be up to 50 per cent higher than sales
of the S6

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CAM


                            Copyright 2016 City A.M.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             736 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday

Samsung beats estimates as early debut of S7 boosts sales

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 360 words


Samsung Electronics posted a better-than expected first-quarter profit after the
early release of Galaxy S7 smartphones gave it a head-start on Apple and Chinese
rivals and helped counter an industry downturn.

Operating income rose to 6.6 trillion won (US$5.7 billion) in the three months
ended March, the world's largest maker of phones and memory chips said in
preliminary results released Thursday. That compares with the 5.53 trillion-won
average of analysts' estimates compiled by Bloomberg.

Samsung debuted its high-end smartphones in March, about a month earlier than
last year's, with sales of the S7 lineup estimated to have hit nine million
units during their first month - triple those of the S6 in the same time-frame.
Production of curved displays for its Edge version also went more smoothly this
time, avoiding the hiccups that plagued last year's wraparound-screen line while
holding down costs.

"The biggest reason for the sharply improved profitability is largely due to
much lower marketing spending for the mobile business," said Yoo Eui-hyung, an
analyst at Dongbu Securities Co. in Seoul.

"The big disparity between the earlier profit estimates and the latest revisions
stems entirely from the mobile business. The faster release surely helped but
it's dubious whether the S7 can continue to surprise the market in the longer
run."

Most of Samsung's revenue is in phones, a decelerating market in which it also
competes with Huawei Technologies Co. and Xiaomi Corp. Smartphone sales in 2016
are expected to rise by a single-digit percentage for the first time, according
to Gartner.

Samsung is continuing to reduce the number of phones in its lineup as it tries
to cut spending and focus on competitive devices. Total smartphone shipments for
the first three months were estimated at 78 million, compared with 82 million
units during the peak holiday quarter, according to four analysts surveyed by
Bloomberg.

"We expect Samsung's Galaxy S7 to be the world's bestselling Android smartphone
in 2016," said Neil Mawston, executive director at Strategy Analytics Inc.
"Samsung's range of lower-cost models, like the J series, is also selling well."

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             737 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                              July 4, 2016 Monday
                                 First Edition

NBC goes virtual in Rio for Samsung users

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S2

LENGTH: 178 words


Athletes in Rio will compete to be the fastest sprinter and highest jumper at
the Olympics next month. But there's another test underway as well: How well can
virtual reality capture sporting events?

NBC says it will provide 85 hours of virtual reality programming during the Rio
Olympics in August - though only to users of Samsung Galaxy smartphones and the
Samsung Gear VR headset. It's the first time Olympics programming will be
available in VR.

Virtual reality coverage of sports, essentially 360 video, has been growing
since VR headsets such as the Samsung Gear and Oculus Rift became widely
available earlier this year.

But right now, the audience is limited to those that have smartphones and VR
headsets, which can be pricey.

Viewers will need Samsung devices and the NBC Sports app. Samsung is the
official smartphone sponsor of the 2016 Olympics in Rio.

Compatible phones include the Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge, Galaxy S6,
Galaxy S6 Edge, Galaxy S6 Edge+ and Galaxy Note 5 phones.

The Olympics will take place in Rio de Janeiro, Argentina on Aug. 5 to 21.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             738 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                              June 26, 2016 Sunday

Galaxy Note 7 to feature 64GB of storage and three color models

LENGTH: 255  words


Galaxy Note 7 will feature 64GB of on-board storage and a variety of different
colors to choose from according to your liking

We knew from before that Galaxy Note 7 would feature a microSD card slot to
provide a feature that was sorely missing from a Galaxy Note 5, which itself was
a terrific flagship belonging to the year 2015, but not without its
shortcomings. The company plans to overcome these shortcomings with the
announcement of Galaxy Note 7, which is expected to take place during the month
of August. We currently have no information if the smartphone will be coming in
variety of different storage models, but according to the latest hardware leak,
the device will feature 64GB of on-board storage.

If that is not sufficient for users, then a storage card slot is a feature that
we will definitely be looking forward to, along with an option to insert two SIM
cards at once. Moreover, Galaxy Note 7 is expected to come in a total of three
color models, and those details have been provided

Blue<nl/>Black<nl/>Silver

Galaxy Note 7 has also been rumored to come with a dual-camera, in order to stay
ahead of the competition. According to the leak, both cameras will be a 12.3MP
sensor present in Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge. The phablet has also been
rumored to come with a 4,000mAh battery. After all, if you're going to spend
over $900 on a flagship smartphone, then every penny will count.

Couple confirmed specs: 5.7" QHD SAMOLED, 64GB + microSD, 12MP DualP / 5MP,
IP68, black/silver/blue<nl/>-- Evan Blass (@evleaks)

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             739 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                       May 12, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Oculus VR: Samsung's Gear VR headset was used by over 1M people in April

BYLINE: Bruce Totolos

LENGTH: 223  words


In a blog post released on Wednesday, Oculus VR has disclosed that the Samsung
Gear VR headset -- which is powered by Oculus VR technology -- was used by more
than one million virtual-reality aficionados in April.

The figures revealed by Oculus about Gear VR users in April is quite impressive
given the fact that the consumer version of Gear VR was released by Samsung
barely six months back; and it works with only a few Samsung handsets including
the Galaxy S7, the Galaxy S7 Edge, the Galaxy Note 5, the Galaxy S6, and the
Galaxy S6 Edge.

The disclosure by Oculus VR that the number of monthly users of Samsung Gear VR
in April surpassed one million is an evident indication of the fact that the
mobile VR arena is witnessing a notable progress.

Oculus has also said in the blog post that ever since the consumer Gear VR
version hit the markets six months back, more than 250 apps for the device have
already been generated by developers. Some of the best-selling apps for Gear VR
include EVE Gunjack, Star Chart, End Space, Minecraft, Escape Room VR, Deer
Hunter VR, Land's End, Ocean Rift, Dreadhalls, and Bandit Six.

Further adding that some of the 'must-haves' for Gear VR headset include Hulu,
Goosebumps Night of Scares, Milk VR, and Orion Trail VR, Oculus said: "VR video
continues to be one of the most popular experiences on Gear VR."

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             740 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                           October 13, 2016 Thursday

Samsung vows to figure out root causes of Note 7 problem

BYLINE: By Yoon Sung-won

LENGTH: 769 words


Samsung Electronics pledged Thursday to discover the reason behind Galaxy Note
7s catching fire to restore customer confidence in its products.

Mobile business President Koh Dong-jin promised in an email to employees to
'thoroughly investigate the fundamental causes so that all customers will be
able to trust Samsung's products and enjoy using them,' company officials said.

Koh's comment comes after Samsung Electronics decided to halt production, sale
and replacement of Note 7s after 59 days since its Aug. 19 release.

He also vowed to figure out the cause of reported fires in Note 7 replacements
and take the best action for customers.

Koh tried to console and encourage employees.

'We have quickly and courageously faced the biggest risk in our business
division ever during the last few weeks,' he said. 'I feel deeply sorry and
grateful to our employees for their consistent support and trust. We will regain
confidence and trust in our products by eliciting the causes even though it
takes time.'

When the problems first surfaced last month - forcing Samsung to announce a
recall - the company pointed to the battery cell as the main cause. But after
multiple reports about similar burning incidents happening in the replacement
Note 7s, the company retracted this and said the cause could be much more
complex.

According to industry sources, Samsung Electronics is holding an investigation
at its headquarters in Suwon, Gyeonggi Province, by collecting burned Note 7s.

Though Koh underlined restoration of customer confidence as the key reason why
the company is expediting the investigation into the causes of the fires, the
company also needs to urgently find a resolution to prepare for its next
flagship smartphone, expected to be the Galaxy S8.

Currently, Samsung Electronics is boosting production of the S7 series to
temporarily fill the absence of the Note 7. But rumors abound that the company
may unveil the S8 at the Consumer Electronics Show 2017 in January and roll it
out in February, which is earlier than the company's usual launching timeline.

Samsung Electronics declined to confirm anything about the S8's early release.

Analysts here warned that the company should not rush to launch the S8 until it
can guarantee consumers that similar problems will not occur.

'Launching the S8 earlier than planned is the last thing that Samsung
Electronics should consider,' HMC Securities analyst Noh Geun-chang said.
'Making sure that such an incident will never happen again through thorough
product quality checking is the most important thing now.' He added that the
S8's launch may be postponed amid negative images of the Note 7 lingering in
consumers' minds.

Samsung Electronics and mobile carriers SK Telecom, KT and LG Uplus started to
give refunds on Note 7s or replace them with other smartphones, Thursday. The
companies said they will provide a mobile shopping mall coupon worth 30,000 won
($26.7) and an additional 70,000 won as telecom subsidy for those who exchange a
Note 7 for other Samsung Electronics handsets including the Galaxy S7, S7 edge
and Note 5. Those who chose to replace their Note 7 with a non-Samsung handset
can still get the coupon, they said. In the United States, Samsung Electronics
is offering a gift card worth $25 for those who replace a Note 7 with the S7 or
the S7 edge.

The refund and replacement will be available until the end of this year, but is
not likely to continue afterwards, according to telecom industry sources.

Elliott's support?

U.S. hedge fund management firm Elliott Management, which owns 0.62 percent
share of Samsung Electronics, revealed its trust in the Korean smartphone giant
even after it ditched the Note 7.

In a statement Wednesday by its subsidiaries Blake Capital and Potter Capital,
the company said, 'The recent issues surrounding the Note 7, while unfortunate,
do not diminish our view that Samsung Electronics is a leading global technology
company with a world-class brand.'

It added, 'We believe that the company's forthcoming new leadership can build on
the company's initial response to this situation by adopting best-in-class
operational and corporate governance improvements.'

Elliott's comment came a week after its letter urging a drastic business
reorganization including dividing Samsung Electronics into separately listed
holding and operating companies.

'Now is the time for real shareholder value, corporate governance and
transparency improvements, which we believe will help Samsung Electronics
achieve equity market valuation that properly reflects its first-class portfolio
of businesses,' Elliott said in its Oct. 5 letter.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             741 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                              Cheap Mobile Repair

                          Suite 8  63-65A Burwood Road
                                  Burwood 2134
                                   Australia

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.cheapmobilerepair.com.au

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Cheap Mobile Repair offers exceptional mobile repairing service regardless of
the brand name or the type of issues. We take pride in offering a excellent
service to all our clients by listening to their issues and acting accordingly.
If you are an owner of Galaxy S7 Edge and it has got damaged due to any reason,
you definitely require an immediate expert repairing service for your mobile.
We, being a part of this industry since a long time now have made us aware of
the needs and requirements of the clients. Regardless of the type of damage
persisting in your much loved Galaxy S7 Edge, contact our expert to acquire an
immediate outcome.  If your Galaxy S7 edge has a screen damage, charging issue,
battery problem, earpiece issue, we guarantee our proficient technicians are the
only solution for you to resolve the issue. We take time in analyzing the issue
and making use of the resources we have, we make sure that the issue gets
resolved in the least possible time frame and no longer you need to carry the
damage phone. Expertise and experience makes us a valuable choice and therefore
you can rely on our service.  We comprehend that mobile phones these days are
not only phones, but they has become the only medium to keep us entertained
throughout. Alongwith, we also rely on our cellphones to carry the business
jobs. Since accidents are uninvited and can really damage your mobile phone,
working with our experts make a feasible choice to get back a fully functional
mobile phone.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             742 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                       April 29, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Samsung reports 2016 Q1 profit of 6.68 trillion won; posts strong mobile-profit
gains

BYLINE: Anja Prohaska

LENGTH: 256  words


On Thursday, bigwig South Korean electronics firm Samsung Electronics reported
its earnings for the 2116 January-March quarter, posting strong profits from its
mobile division. The mobile-profits gains reported by Samsung for the latest
quarter come after seven consecutive quarters of plunging profits.

According to the figures reported by Samsung, the company's profit in the 2016
first quarter stood at of 6.68 trillion won ($5.8 billion), underscoring a 12
percent increase over the profits figures it reported in the same quarter last
year.

The 2016 first-quarter profit reported by Samsung surpassed Bloomberg-compiled
average of analysts' estimates of a 5.53 trillion won profit.

The mobile division of Samsung Electronics recorded a 3.89 trillion won
operating profit; thereby marking a whopping 42 percent year-on-year increase.
The operating profit posted by Samsung's mobile division is the highest
operating profit to be reported by the division since the 2014 second quarter.

Samsung has said that a large part of the growth witnessed by its mobile
division in the 2016 first-quarter is a result of the robust sales of its
newest, March-launched flagship handsets --- Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge. The
company expects strong sales of the two handsets in the next quarter as well.

Though Samsung has not officially disclosed the exact sales figures of its
latest handsets, Jay Yoo -- industry analyst at Korea Investment & Securities --
has projected that Galaxy S7 shipments in the reporting quarter touched nearly
9.7 million units.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             743 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

Big discounts up to Rs 7,000 on Samsung phones offered this week

LENGTH: 141  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, April 18 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Great offers are available on a large range of Samsung smartphones. The offers
under the Samsung Week Special began on April 15 on Flipkart and would last till
April 21.


 Check out the few compelling offers that you may like to consider:
 Samsung Galaxy On5 : A phone that would cost Rs 8,190 online can be bought at
Rs 7, 990.
 Samsung Galaxy On7: Can be bought at Rs 9,990 against the online price of Rs.
10,190
 Samsung Galaxy Core Prime: Can be bought at Rs 5,990, against the price of Rs
7,990.
 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 : Is available at Rs 29,900 against Rs 36,900
 Samsung Galaxy S5 Smartphone: Available at Rs 15, 999 against the online price
of Rs 21,999
 Samsung Galaxy S7 Smartphone: You can buy at Rs 48,900 with EMI flexibility.
 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Smartphone: Get 50 percent off with Gear VR Headset.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             744 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

Big discounts up to Rs 7000 on Samsung phones offered this week

LENGTH: 141  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, April 18 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Great offers are available on a large range of Samsung smartphones. The offers
under the Samsung Week Special began on April 15 on Flipkart and would last till
April 21.


 Check out the few compelling offers that you may like to consider:
 Samsung Galaxy On5 : A phone that would cost Rs 8,190 online can be bought at
Rs 7, 990.
 Samsung Galaxy On7: Can be bought at Rs 9,990 against the online price of Rs.
10,190
 Samsung Galaxy Core Prime: Can be bought at Rs 5,990, against the price of Rs
7,990.
 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 : Is available at Rs 29,900 against Rs 36,900
 Samsung Galaxy S5 Smartphone: Available at Rs 15, 999 against the online price
of Rs 21,999
 Samsung Galaxy S7 Smartphone: You can buy at Rs 48,900 with EMI flexibility.
 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Smartphone: Get 50 percent off with Gear VR Headset.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             745 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Globes [online] - Israel's Business Arena

                           January 13, 2016 Wednesday

DSP Group jumps on high volume Samsung deal;
Dougherty & Company estimate DSPG's proceeds from the deal will be $10 million.

BYLINE: Shiri Habib-Valdhorn

LENGTH: 325 words


The DSP Group Inc. (Nasdaq: DSPG) share jumped 11.6% on Nasdaq yesterday to a
price reflecting a NIS 215 million market cap, after the company announced that
it had won a substantial contract in the cellular market to supply large
quantities of its HDClear chip.

DSPG, which develops special chips for connectivity and voice, did not identify
the customer, but said it was "a leading devices manufacturer." The volume of
the deal was also undisclosed, but analysts covering DSPG shed a little light on
the new contract.

The Dougherty & Company investment bank yesterday said it believes that the
customer is Samsung, and that the chip would be put into Galaxy S7 devices,
together with Qualcomm's SoC. Dougherty & Company estimated that a third of the
devices sold in 2016, 15 million units, would have the chip. The other two
thirds of the Galaxy S7 devices will use Samsung's own technology, not that of
Qualcomm.

The investment bank's analysts estimated DSPG's 2016 revenue from sales of its
chip at $10 million, and now, "If we assume an ASP of ~$0.90, the S7 win alone
could be worth north of that."

DSPG's usual market is wireless telephony, but the company has expanded its
business to other markets, including cellular.

DSPG CEO Ofer Elyakim said, "We are excited to announce a high volume design win
for our HDClear products with a leading mobile OEM, which is expected to
contribute to our results this year. This is a milestone event for DSP Group and
our mobile business, marking a successful entry into this market."

Another Israeli company linked to Samsung is chip technology provider Ceva Inc.
(Nasdaq:CEVA); LSE:CVA). In the two thirds of Samsung's S7 devices that do not
include Qualcomm's technology, the Samsung technology used in the device
includes a chip based on Ceva's technology.

Published by Globes [online], Israel business news - www.globes-online.com - on
January 13, 2016

© Copyright of Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd. 2016

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             746 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Globes [online] - Israel's Business Arena

                           January 13, 2016 Wednesday

DSP Group jumps on high volume Samsung deal;
Dougherty & Company estimate DSPG's proceeds from the deal will be $10 million.

BYLINE: Shiri Habib-Valdhorn

LENGTH: 325 words


The DSP Group Inc. (Nasdaq: DSPG) share jumped 11.6% on Nasdaq yesterday to a
price reflecting a NIS 215 million market cap, after the company announced that
it had won a substantial contract in the cellular market to supply large
quantities of its HDClear chip.

DSPG, which develops special chips for connectivity and voice, did not identify
the customer, but said it was "a leading devices manufacturer." The volume of
the deal was also undisclosed, but analysts covering DSPG shed a little light on
the new contract.

The Dougherty & Company investment bank yesterday said it believes that the
customer is Samsung, and that the chip would be put into Galaxy S7 devices,
together with Qualcomm's SoC. Dougherty & Company estimated that a third of the
devices sold in 2016, 15 million units, would have the chip. The other two
thirds of the Galaxy S7 devices will use Samsung's own technology, not that of
Qualcomm.

The investment bank's analysts estimated DSPG's 2016 revenue from sales of its
chip at $10 million, and now, "If we assume an ASP of ~$0.90, the S7 win alone
could be worth north of that."

DSPG's usual market is wireless telephony, but the company has expanded its
business to other markets, including cellular.

DSPG CEO Ofer Elyakim said, "We are excited to announce a high volume design win
for our HDClear products with a leading mobile OEM, which is expected to
contribute to our results this year. This is a milestone event for DSP Group and
our mobile business, marking a successful entry into this market."

Another Israeli company linked to Samsung is chip technology provider Ceva Inc.
(Nasdaq:CEVA); LSE:CVA). In the two thirds of Samsung's S7 devices that do not
include Qualcomm's technology, the Samsung technology used in the device
includes a chip based on Ceva's technology.

Published by Globes [online], Israel business news - www.globes-online.com - on
January 13, 2016

© Copyright of Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd. 2016

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             747 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             June 23, 2016 Thursday

[INTERVIEW] Samsungâ[#x20ac][#x2dc]s ever-evolving marketing innovations

LENGTH: 731 words


[THE INVESTOR] Early this year, Samsung Electronics' marketing team was
preparing for the firm's most important launch -- the Galaxy S7.

It was a crucial juncture for the Korean tech giant. Its profits were hit hard
by lukewarm sales of the phone's predecessor, while rivals were fast gobbling up
market share of the world's largest smartphone-maker.

But the team didn't seek a safe option and decided to take risks.

They launched the model in Barcelona at the industry's first virtual reality
unveiling event in February. Thousands of journalists and industry people were
treated with Samsung's latest Gear VR headset to watch a demo video.

Pio Schunker, senior vice president of marketing at Samsung's mobile
communications business division.

Samsung sent a clear message that it was serious about VR. At the same time, it
was a marketing statement that showed "Samsung thinks and behaves differently."

Media reviews were explosive about the unprecedented experiment. Customers also
reacted positively. Sales of the Galaxy S7 and its Edge variant are expected to
reach a whopping 25 million units in the second quarter.

"Only we can do that on this scale," Pio Schunker, senior vice president of
marketing at Samsung's mobile communications business division, said in a recent
interview with The Investor.

"I'm surprised how bold this company is. It takes risks. And it allows you to
take risks."

Journalists and industry figures try on Samsung's Gear VR at a launch event of
the Galaxy S7 held in Barcelona in February. Samsung Electronics

The marketing expert with more than 25 years of experience joined Samsung in
April last year. Prior to Samsung, he worked for diverse global brands such as
Coca-Cola, Mercedes-Benz and American Express.

"It has been a great adventure," he said of his work at Korea's largest
conglomerate over the past year.

He is currently splitting time in the US and Korea. The upcoming launch of a new
Note phablet in August is another key event for him but he declined to further
elaborate.

Calling himself a big fan of Korean food and films, he said he had always wanted
to work in Asia and for a tech company. But the most decisive reason why he took
the job offer was the company's vision that was briefed by the top management.

"The brief was so appealing. That was very hard to turn down," he said.

"They wanted me to make Samsung the most beloved iconic global brand and to make
it famous for marketing innovations as much as it is for technological
innovations."

Amid the company's renewed efforts to change its top-down, rigid corporate
culture under the slogan "Start-up Samsung," Schunker compared the company's
mindset and decision-making process with that of a start-up.

"We have both size and scale but we move at the speed of a start-up. That
combination is so different from any other big company," he said. "Its mentality
and mindset is also that of a start-up."

In the meantime, another competitiveness of Samsung, he pointed out, is the
ability to listen.

When he first arrived at the company, his mentor Koh Dong-jin, the company's
president and mobile chief, told him: "You have to listen more than you talk.
It's a Samsung culture."

"Especially for the first six months, he told me not to talk at all," he said
with a smile.

He now knows the ability to listen allows to give the right answer not just to
colleagues but also to customers.

"The speed, the ability to listen and the boldness and risk taking that are very
fundamental values that absolutely differentiate us from our rivals," he said of
the enhanced competition in a fast-saturated market.

Samsung, among other things, is pinning high hopes on its technological prowess,
including its "phone-plus strategy" that aims to connect a phone with all
machines ranging from appliances to cars, in winning over more customers.

"Up to a certain extent everyone is going to copy products but we have a
constant disruption pipeline. No one can do that kind of disruptive innovations
that Samsung is beginning to do," he said.

And he knows his role at the ever-evolving tech company.

"Samsung is looking to rebrand itself. My role is to bring fresh perspective and
viewpoints to marketing and production innovation, etc.," he said.

When asked if there is any big push from the top brass, he responded: "I
sometimes feel the pressure. But that makes my job exciting and that's why I
took the offer."

By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             748 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             June 21, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 likely to have curved screen: report

LENGTH: 135 words


[THE INVESTOR] Samsung Electronics' new Note phablet, tentatively called "Galaxy
Note 7," is expected to have a curved screen, indicating the Korean tech giant's
commitment to a dual-edge curved display for its Galaxy smartphones.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]

According to local daily Munwha Ilbo, Samsung is not considering launching a
flat screen version of the Note phone.

Samsung's Galaxy Note 5. The company is rumored to skip the 6 and launch the 7
to match the Galaxy S7 range.

The Galaxy Note 7 will be unveiled at an unpacked event held in New York in
August. It will become the first Note phone with a curved screen.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]

Citing industry sources, the newspaper also raised speculation that Samsung is
likely to unveil a special edition version of its flagship Galaxy S7 smartphone
themed on the upcoming Rio Olympics.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]

By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             749 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Edmonton Sun

                            October 14, 2016 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Samsung taking phone returns

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A29

LENGTH: 156  words

DATELINE: MISSISSAUGA, Ont.


Samsung says Canadians with Galaxy Note 7 smartphones can start returning the
devices today as part of a global safety recall following reports of overheating
batteries that pose a fire hazard.

Samsung Electronics Canada Inc. of Mississauga, Ont., has advised consumers to
return the phones to the stores where they were bought.

Devices returned to retailers and carriers can be exchanged for a Galaxy S7 or
Galaxy S7 Edge phone, or customers can opt for a full refund for the recalled
Note 7s and specific accessories.

Samsung.com customers are being offered a refund upon receipt of the Galaxy Note
7s.

Samsung Canada says it will contact customers who bought their smartphones
through Samsung.com about the return process.

The South Korean electronics giant said Tuesday it would stop making and selling
the Note 7s and advised owners to turn offand stop using the smartphones.
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Edmonton Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                             750 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

Will Note 7 debacle leave an ugly mark on Samsung?

SECTION: BUSINESS; General

LENGTH: 745 words


All is not well for the world"s largest smartphone maker. Samsung continues to
face criticism as it works to call back millions of its latest flagship Galaxy
Note 7 smartphones after reports of batteries catching fire and exploding.

The Note 7 was supposed to be a victory lap for Samsung. It launched to rave
reviews, which looked particularly good while analysts and pundits cautioned
that Apple"s iPhones were going to be somewhat less spectacular this year.

Now the phone"s name has become synonymous with danger, prompting Samsung to
work with the US product safety watchdog, the Consumer Product Safety
Commission. The agency has advised people to stop using the phones.

Not only that, the Federal Aviation Administration"s recommendation that the
phones not be used or even powered on during flights means that at least a
million people are hearing a warning about the Galaxy Note 7, by name, on
flights each day.

With the unprecedented return of so many potentially defective smartphones comes
the question: How much of a brand blemish will a Note 7 recall be for the
company?

Even with the bad timing and the bad press, there shouldn"t be too much lasting
damage as long as Samsung continues to be responsive to consumers" problems,
said Robert Cuthbertson, vice president at the consulting firm Boston Retail
Partners.

Companies, he said, have overcome recalls before, noting that Tylenol - which
had to recall all of its pills in 1982 - and others have recovered from recalls
by acting quickly and doing everything to demonstrate that their customers come
first.

On Monday, for example, Samsung told South Korean media that it will now obtain
its batteries from China"s ATL - the same firm that is the main supplier of
iPhone batteries.

"Samsung is trying to rectify their situation and do their best to control their
damage and make sure it doesn"t happen again," Cuthbertson said. As long as
there are no further issues with the new phones, he said, Samsung should be able
to recover.

Samsung, which is the world"s largest smartphone maker, has battled for years
with Apple for dominance in the smartphone market. In the past five or so years,
the firm has tried to position itself as a premium smartphone maker with devices
that can rival the iPhone.

In the 2016 American Consumer Satisfaction Index telecommunications survey, the
Galaxy Note 5 actually beat the iPhone 6s Plus as the top-rated phone, showing
that Samsung had succeeded in at least some of its goals. And while a slowdown
in the smartphone market overall had hurt sales, Samsung announced last quarter
that it was in a great position for 2016, as sales of its Galaxy S7 and S7 edge
had sent the company"s profits to their highest point in two years.

Samsung is trying to rectify their situation and do their best to control their
damage and make sure it doesn"t happen again.

Cuthbertson doubts that Samsung will lose too many customers to rival Android
smartphone makers, as its products still have the unique features such as their
screens and software that made them sell in the first place. Cuthbertson also
said he doesn"t think Apple will benefit much from this controversy, because
many people choose Samsung primarily as an alternative to Apple.

"Samsung has positioned themselves as the anti-iPhone, and they have loyalists
to the Android platform. There are also definitely those with a loyalty to the
Galaxy in particular," Cuthbertson said.

Online surveys have shown that, certainly among Android fans, Samsung"s brand
loyalty hasn"t taken too much of a hit. Android Police, an Android-focused news
site, asked its readers and found that most of its respondents, 39 percent, said
their perception of Samsung hasn"t changed at all in light of the recall.

Analyst Peter Yu said in a note that signs so far signal the firm will be all
right, even with the cost of a recall that Samsung acknowledges will be
"heartbreaking."

"Telcos at least have purchased more Galaxy S7/S7 Edges to replace demand for
Note 7s rather than moving to other smartphone vendors. Hence, Samsung has
maintained its 3Q16 smartphone shipment guidance despite the expected impact on
Note 7 sales," Yu wrote in a note, obtained by CNBC.

Shares of the firm are already recovering, easing some of the $22 billion in
losses the company experienced immediately after reports of the explosions hit
the news. Samsung"s stock, traded on the exchange in Seoul, closed up 4.23
percent Tuesday; Wednesday was a trading holiday in Korea.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             751 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                             April 29, 2016 Friday
                                 Delhi Edition

Samsung Commands a Premium Over Apple

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: THE ECONOMIC TIMES

LENGTH: 406 words


Buoyed by the successful launch of Galaxy S7 as well as price cuts of its
earlier popular models, Samsung has overtaken Apple to emerge as the clear
market leader in India's premium smartphone segment in the January-March
quarter.

The two companies were neck-toneck in the preceding October-December quarter
with market research agencies differing on who was ahead. But the Korean handset
maker appears to have pulled ahead of its Cupertino-based competitor in the
previous three months in the high-value ' . 30,000-plus smartphone segment,
according to both GfK and Counterpoint Research, the two biggest outfits
tracking handset sales in the country.

Hong Kong-based shipment tracker Counterpoint Research's figures show that
Samsung's volume share in January-March rose to 62% from 35% in the preceding
quarter. Apple's share, in contrast, fell to 37%

from 55%.

GfK, which tracks end-consumer sales in 50,000-plus population markets, had
narrowly placed Samsung at the top in the October-December quarter last year.
However, its lead has widened substantially and as per GfK estimates, the Korean
company's market share in the JanuaryMarch quarter is 50% as opposed to

Apple's 41%.

Apple's drop in volume market share has happened despite a 56% increase in
iPhone sales revenue in India. The iPhone maker, which reported its first drop
in quarterly sales in 13 years on Wednesday , has pinned its hopes on India.

The company's chief executive Tim Cook said the Indian market was at the same
stage of development as China's about 7-10 years ago.

The success of Samsung's latest blockbuster model Galaxy S7 launched last month
and price drop on older popular models such as Galaxy S6 and Note 5 has turned
the market in its favour, analysts said.

"The impact of Galaxy S7 sales was for half month in March and the full impact
will be in the current quarter whereby we expect Samsung may further expand its
lead in the premium segment considering iPhone SE has been lukewarm demand till
now," said Counterpoint Research Senior Analyst Tarun Pathak.

Industry executives said Apple is also losing ground in India due to the huge
online discounting on iPhones which had led the brick-and-mortar stores to cut
down stock.

This led Apple to recently ask its distributors in India to bring about online
and offline pricing parity and stop arbitrary discounting on iPhones.

Emails sent to Samsung and Apple did not elicit any response till Thursday press
time.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             752 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                            October 14, 2016 Friday
                                 First Edition

Canadians can start returning Galaxy Note 7 smartphones

BYLINE: The Canadian Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 141 words


Samsung says Canadians with Galaxy Note 7 smartphones can start returning the
devices as part of a global safety recall following reports of overheating
batteries that pose a fire hazard.

Samsung Electronics Canada Inc., which is based in Mississauga, has advised
consumers to return the phones to the stores where they were bought.

Devices returned to retailers and carriers can be exchanged for a Galaxy S7 or
Galaxy S7 Edge phone, or customers can opt for a full refund for the recalled
Note 7s and specific accessories.

Samsung.com customers are being offered a refund on receipt of the Galaxy Note
7s.

Samsung Canada says it will contact customers who bought their smartphones
through Samsung.com about the return process.

The South Korean company said Tuesday it would stop making and selling the Note
7s and advised owners to stop using the phones.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             753 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                             April 29, 2016 Friday
                                Kolkata Edition

Samsung Commands a Premium Over Apple

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: THE ECONOMIC TIMES

LENGTH: 451 words


Buoyed by the successful launch of Galaxy S7 as well as price cuts of its
earlier popular models, Samsung has overtaken Apple to emerge as the clear
market leader in India's premium smartphone segment in the January-March
quarter.

The two companies were neck-toneck in the preceding OctoberDecember quarter with
market research agencies differing on who was ahead. But the Korean handset
maker appears to have pulled ahead of its Cupertino-based competitor in the
previous three months in the high-value Rs 30,000-plus smartphone segment,
according to both GfK and Counterpoint Research, the two biggest outfits
tracking handset sales in the country.

Hong Kong-based shipment tracker Counterpoint Research's figures show that
Samsung's volume share in January-March rose to 62% from 35% in the preceding
quarter. Apple's share, in contrast, fell to 37%

from 55%.

GfK, which tracks end-consumer sales in 50,000-plus population markets, had
narrowly placed Samsung at the top in the OctoberDecember quarter. However its
lead has widened substantially and as per GfK estimates, the Korean company's
market share in the January-March quarter is 50% as opposed to Apple's 41%.

Apple's drop in volume market share has happened despite a 56% increase in
iPhone sales revenue in India. The iPhone maker, which reported its first drop
in quarterly sales in 13 years on Wednesday, has pinned its hopes on India, with
the company's chief executive Tim Cook saying the Indian market was at the same
stage of development as China was about 7-10 years ago.

The success of Samsung's latest blockbuster model Galaxy S7 launched last month
and price drop on older popular models such as Galaxy S6 and Note 5 has turned
the market in its favour, analysts said.

"The impact of Galaxy S7 sales was for half month in March and

the full impact will be in the current quarter whereby we expect Samsung may
further expand its lead in the premium segment considering iPhone SE has been
lukewarm demand till now," said Counterpoint Research Senior Analyst Tarun
Pathak.

Industry executives said Apple is also losing ground in India due to the huge
online discounting on iPhones which had led the brickand-mortar stores to cut
down stock. This led Apple to recently ask its distributors in India to bring
about online and offline pricing parity and stop arbitrary discounting on
iPhones.

Emails sent to Samsung and Apple did not elicit any response till Thursday press
time.

India is the latest war zone between Apple and Samsung with global smartphone
sales becoming flat for the first time ever during January-March. According to
Counterpoint Research, global shipment of Samsung smartphones declined 6%
year-on-year as compared to Apple's 16%.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             754 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                             April 29, 2016 Friday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Samsung Commands a Premium Over Apple

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: THE ECONOMIC TIMES

LENGTH: 431 words


Buoyed by the successful launch of Galaxy S7 as well as price cuts of its
earlier popular models, Samsung has overtaken Apple to emerge as the clear
market leader in India's premium smartphone segment in the January-March
quarter.

The two companies were neck-toneck in the preceding October-December quarter
with market research agencies differing on who was ahead. But the Korean handset
maker appears to have pulled ahead of its Cupertino-based competitor in the
previous three months in the high-value ' . 30,000-plus smartphone segment,
according to both GfK and Counterpoint Research, the two biggest outfits
tracking handset sales in the country.

Hong Kong-based shipment tracker Counterpoint Research's figures show that
Samsung's volume share in January-March rose to 62% from 35% in the preceding
quarter. Apple's share, in contrast, fell to 37%

from 55%.

GfK, which tracks end-consumer sales in 50,000-plus population markets, had
narrowly placed Samsung at the top in the October-December quarter last year.
However, its lead has widened substantially and as per GfK estimates, the Korean
company's market share in the JanuaryMarch quarter is 50% as opposed to

Apple's 41%.

Apple's drop in volume market share has happened despite a 56% increase in
iPhone sales revenue in India. The iPhone maker, which reported its first drop
in quarterly sales in 13 years on Wednesday , has pinned its hopes on India.

The company's chief executive officer Tim Cook said the Indian market was at the
same stage of development as China's about 7-10 years ago. The success of
Samsung's latest blockbuster model Galaxy S7 launched last month and price drop
on older popular models such as Galaxy S6 and Note 5 has turned the market in
its favour, analysts said.

"The impact of Galaxy S7 sales was for half month in March and the full impact
will be in the current quarter when we expect Samsung may further expand its
lead in the premium segment considering iPhone SE has been lukewarm demand till
now," said Counterpoint Research Senior Analyst Tarun Pathak.

Industry executives said Apple is also losing ground in India due to the huge
online discounting on iPhones which had led the brick-andmortar stores to cut
down stock.This led Apple to recently ask its distributors in India to bring
about online and offline pricing parity and stop arbitrary discounting on
iPhones. Emails sent to Samsung and Apple did not elicit any response till
Thursday press time.

India is the latest war zone between Apple and Samsung with global smartphone
sales becoming flat for the first time ever during January-March.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             755 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                           October 13, 2016 Thursday

Canadians can start returning Galaxy 7 Note smartphones

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 148 words


MISSISSAUGA - Samsung says Canadians with Galaxy Note 7 smartphones can start
returning the devices as part of a global safety recall following reports of
overheating batteries that pose a fire hazard.

Samsung Electronics Canada Inc., which is based in Mississauga, has advised
consumers to return the phones to the stores where they were bought.

Devices returned to retailers and carriers can be exchanged for a Galaxy S7 or
Galaxy S7 Edge phone, or customers can opt for a full refund for the recalled
Note 7s and specific accessories.

Samsung.com customers are being offered a refund on receipt of the Galaxy Note
7s.

Samsung Canada says it will contact customers who bought their smartphones
through Samsung.com about the return process.

The South Korean electronics giant said Tuesday it would stop making and selling
the Note 7s and advised owners to turn off and stop using the smartphones.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             756 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                              July 29, 2016 Friday

Samsung continues to lead smartphone market with strong Galaxy S7 sales

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; Mobility

LENGTH: 379 words



HIGHLIGHT: How the global smartphone market is breaking down by numbers
according to two new reports.


Samsung has extended its lead in the worldwide smartphone market over Apple in
the second quarter of this year, due to better-than-expected Galaxy S7 sales,
according to two separate reports.

Research firm International Data Corporation (IDC) said that Samsung delivered
77 million smartphones in Q2, up 5.5% from a year ago, for a market share of
22.4%, compared with a 15% decline in sales for Apple's iPhones.

Apple shipped 40.4 million units in Q2, which was the lowest quarterly volume in
seven quarters, despite the mid-cycle introduction of the iPhone SE.

Huawei stood at third place, with a 9.4% market share, catching up to Apple's
11.8% share.

Oppo and Vivo stood at fourth and fifth places, with 6.6% and 4.8% market share,
respectively.

Overall, the global smartphone market remained flat, increasing just 0.3%
year-on-year in the second quarter to 343.3 million units, according to
preliminary results from IDC.

The market did however show greater sequential growth, as shipments were up 3.1%
compared to the first quarter of 2016.

IDC mobile phones team research manager Anthony Scarsella said: "Outside of
Samsung's Galaxy S7 flagship, a majority of vendors, including Apple, have found
success with more affordable models compared to their flagship handsets.

"As smartphone prices continue to drop and competition escalates at the
high-end, vendors will need to continue to push 'flagship-type' devices at
affordable price points to encourage upgrading on a more frequent basis."

 A separate survey by Strategy Analytics had a similar estimate, with Samsung
taking a lead with 22.8% market share. Apple and Huawei stood at second and
third places with 11.9% and 9.4% market shares, respectively.

Global smartphone shipments increased 1% annually to reach 340 million units in
Q2.

Strategy Analytics director Linda Sui said: "Smartphone growth has slowed due to
increasing penetration maturity in major markets like China and uncertainty
surrounding major political events such as the Brexit EU referendum result.

"However, there are emerging signs that the global smartphone market has reached
a bottom in the first half of 2016, and the growth outlook for the second half
of this year is brighter due to multiple big new product launches from Samsung,
Apple and others."

LOAD-DATE: August 01, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             757 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            April 30, 2016 Saturday

Samsung outpaces Apple to emerge as leader in India's premium smartphone segment

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: TELECOM

LENGTH: 414 words


KOLKATA: Buoyed by the successful launch of Galaxy S7 as well as price cuts of
its earlier popular models, Samsung has overtaken Apple to emerge as the clear
market leader in India's premium smartphone segment in the January-March
quarter.

The two companies were neck-toneck in the preceding October-December quarter
with market research agencies differing on who was ahead. But the Korean handset
maker appears to have pulled ahead of its Cupertino-based competitor in the
previous three months in the high-value Rs 30,000-plus smartphone segment,
according to both GfK and Counterpoint Research, the two biggest outfits
tracking handset sales in the country.

Hong Kong-based shipment tracker Counterpoint Research's figures show that
Samsung's volume share in January-March rose to 62% from 35% in the preceding
quarter. Apple's share, in contrast, fell to 37% from 55%.

GfK, which tracks end-consumer sales in 50,000-plus population markets, had
narrowly placed Samsung at the top in the October-December quarter last year.
However, its lead has widened substantially and as per GfK estimates, the Korean
company's market share in the January-March quarter is 50% as opposed to Apple's
41%.

Apple's drop in volume market share has happened despite a 56% increase in
iPhone sales revenue in India. The iPhone maker, which reported its first drop
in quarterly sales in 13 years on Wednesday, has pinned its hopes on India.

The company's chief executive Tim Cook said the Indian market was at the same
stage of development as China's about 7-10 years ago.

The success of Samsung's latest blockbuster model Galaxy S7 launched last month
and price drop on older popular models such as Galaxy S6 and Note 5 has turned
the market in its favour, analysts said.

"The impact of Galaxy S7 sales was for half month in March and the full impact
will be in the current quarter whereby we expect Samsung may further expand its
lead in the premium segment considering iPhone SE has been lukewarm demand till
now," said Counterpoint Research Senior Analyst Tarun Pathak.

Industry executives said Apple is also losing ground in India due to the huge
online discounting on iPhones which had led the brick-and-mortar stores to cut
down stock.

This led Apple to recently ask its distributors in India to bring about online
and offline pricing parity and stop arbitrary discounting on iPhones. Emails
sent to Samsung and Apple did not elicit any response till Thursday press time.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             758 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             April 29, 2016 Friday

Samsung outpaces Apple to emerge as leader in India's premium smartphone segment

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 414 words


KOLKATA: Buoyed by the successful launch of Galaxy S7 as well as price cuts of
its earlier popular models, Samsung has overtaken Apple to emerge as the clear
market leader in India's premium smartphone segment in the January-March
quarter.

The two companies were neck-toneck in the preceding October-December quarter
with market research agencies differing on who was ahead. But the Korean handset
maker appears to have pulled ahead of its Cupertino-based competitor in the
previous three months in the high-value Rs 30,000-plus smartphone segment,
according to both GfK and Counterpoint Research, the two biggest outfits
tracking handset sales in the country.

Hong Kong-based shipment tracker Counterpoint Research's figures show that
Samsung's volume share in January-March rose to 62% from 35% in the preceding
quarter. Apple's share, in contrast, fell to 37% from 55%.

GfK, which tracks end-consumer sales in 50,000-plus population markets, had
narrowly placed Samsung at the top in the October-December quarter last year.
However, its lead has widened substantially and as per GfK estimates, the Korean
company's market share in the January-March quarter is 50% as opposed to Apple's
41%.

Apple's drop in volume market share has happened despite a 56% increase in
iPhone sales revenue in India. The iPhone maker, which reported its first drop
in quarterly sales in 13 years on Wednesday, has pinned its hopes on India.

The company's chief executive Tim Cook said the Indian market was at the same
stage of development as China's about 7-10 years ago.

The success of Samsung's latest blockbuster model Galaxy S7 launched last month
and price drop on older popular models such as Galaxy S6 and Note 5 has turned
the market in its favour, analysts said.

"The impact of Galaxy S7 sales was for half month in March and the full impact
will be in the current quarter whereby we expect Samsung may further expand its
lead in the premium segment considering iPhone SE has been lukewarm demand till
now," said Counterpoint Research Senior Analyst Tarun Pathak.

Industry executives said Apple is also losing ground in India due to the huge
online discounting on iPhones which had led the brick-and-mortar stores to cut
down stock.

This led Apple to recently ask its distributors in India to bring about online
and offline pricing parity and stop arbitrary discounting on iPhones. Emails
sent to Samsung and Apple did not elicit any response till Thursday press time.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             759 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday

New Note7 scans iris for added security

BYLINE: Trevor Tan In New York and Lester Hio In Singapore

SECTION: WORLD

LENGTH: 477 words


Samsung's newly launched flagship Galaxy Note7 phone comes with an iris scanner
for enhanced security, which analysts say will be the next battleground for
handset makers.

Unveiled on Monday in New York, the 5.7-inch Note7 will be on sale in Singapore
from Aug 20 for $1,168. The successor to the Note5 has skipped a version to
synchronise its name with Samsung's popular Galaxy S7 and S7 edge smartphones.

Sporting a display that curves down on both sides, the device's enhanced
security features are aimed at consumers who increasingly use their phones for
highly sensitive transactions and for storing classified documents.

Mr Eugene Goh, Samsung Electronics Singapore vice-president of IT & Mobile, said
that the Note7's strong security features and an enhanced service ecosystem make
it "the ideal device for those who want to achieve more in life".

For instance, iris scanning is used to unlock the phone and a new Secure Folder
for storing users' confidential documents and apps. It can also be used for
authenticating Samsung Pay transactions at retailers.

Samsung Pay is the Korean electronics giant's e-wallet service, which allows
users to tap their phone on contactless readers to pay for goods and services.

Samsung is also working with service providers to let Note7 users access, say,
financial apps by scanning their irises.

Market research firm IDC's research manager, Ms Kiranjeet Kaur, said that the
Note7's iris scanner helps the phone stand out from its competitors. "It is a
matter of time before other companies, especially China-based handset markers,
start embedding the same technology in their smartphones," she said.

"But we will have to wait and see if iris recognition is as easy to use as
fingerprint scanning," she added.

Iris scanning is new for Samsung, although forerunners such as Japan's Fujitsu
and China-based Vivo have already launched smartphones equipped with an iris
scanner.

Symantec security evangelist Nick Savvides said that iris scanning may be more
convenient to use, but offers similar protection as fingerprint scanning from
casual hackers. However, he points out that the biometric data of the iris
should be stored in a secure enclave to reduce the chances of it falling into
the hands of more sophisticated or well-resourced attackers.

The new Note7 comes with an S Pen stylus that is twice as sensitive as the Note
5's, making scribbling or drawing closer to a pen-and-paper experience. Working
with the stylus is also possible when the Note7's screen is wet.

The device is the first Galaxy Note to be dust- and water-resistant and can
withstand water to a depth of 1.5m and up to 30 minutes. Like the S7 and S7
edge, the Note7 sports a 12-megapixel rear camera and 5-megapixel front-facing
camera. It also has 64GB of internal storage, which can be expanded by up to an
additional 256GB using a microSD card.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mr Justin Denison, Samsung's senior vice-president of product strategy,
talking about the Galaxy Note7's iris recognition technology during the Samsung
Unpacked event in New York.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             760 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             July 28, 2016 Thursday

Samsung narrows profit margin gap with Apple

LENGTH: 363 words


[THE INVESTOR] Samsung Electronics has narrowed its operating profit margin gap
with archrival Apple, with the figure reducing to the lowest-ever 7.62 percent
in the second quarter.

This is the first time that the gap has narrowed to a single-digit percentage
point between the world's top two smartphone-makers.

Koh Dong-jin, chief of Samsung Electronics' mobile business unit, holding Galaxy
S7 and S7 Edge phones.

Samsung Electronics

According to its earnings guidance, Samsung posted 8.1 trillion won in operating
profit and 50 trillion won in revenue in the April-July period. The operating
profit margin stood at 16.2 percent, the highest since the third quarter of 2013
when the company recorded 17.2 percent.

Samsung, which will announce its second-quarter earnings on July 28, improved
profits largely due to the upbeat sales of its latest flagship smartphone Galaxy
S7 and its Edge variant. About 26 million units of the phones are estimated to
have been sold since its March launch.

Apple's profit margin still outpaces that of Samsung but the figure has
continued to decline in recent years.

In the second quarter, Apple's operating profit margin stood at 23.82 percent,
down from 27.67 percent in the first quarter. In the fourth quarter of 2015, the
figure was a whopping 31.86 percent, more than triple 11.52 percent of Samsung.

Feeling the pinch from stiffer competition in the saturated market, Apple logged
US$10.5 billion in operating income and $42.4 billion in revenue, down 28
percent and 15 percent from a year ago, respectively.

The company especially saw the biggest sales drop in China where its device
sales plunged 29 percent, while its US and European sales fell 6 percent and 16
percent, respectively.

Industry watchers say Apple's upcoming new iPhone launch, possibly in September,
may not be able to shift the downward trend.

"The new iPhone is expected to have no distinct change from its predecessor
iPhone 6S," said Kwon Sung-ryul, an analyst at Dongbu Securities.

He said the larger variant of the new phone, presumably the iPhone 7 Plus,
featuring a dual-lens camera and a large memory capacity, could give a boost in
overall device sales.

By Kim Young-won (

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             761 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            July 27, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung narrows profit margin gap with Apple

LENGTH: 363 words


[THE INVESTOR] Samsung Electronics has narrowed its operating profit margin gap
with archrival Apple, with the figure reducing to the lowest-ever 7.62 percent
in the second quarter.

This is the first time that the gap has narrowed to a single-digit percentage
point between the world's top two smartphone-makers.

Koh Dong-jin, chief of Samsung Electronics' mobile business unit, holding Galaxy
S7 and S7 Edge phones.

Samsung Electronics

According to its earnings guidance, Samsung posted 8.1 trillion won in operating
profit and 50 trillion won in revenue in the April-July period. The operating
profit margin stood at 16.2 percent, the highest since the third quarter of 2013
when the company recorded 17.2 percent.

Samsung, which will announce its second-quarter earnings on July 28, improved
profits largely due to the upbeat sales of its latest flagship smartphone Galaxy
S7 and its Edge variant. About 26 million units of the phones are estimated to
have been sold since its March launch.

Apple's profit margin still outpaces that of Samsung but the figure has
continued to decline in recent years.

In the second quarter, Apple's operating profit margin stood at 23.82 percent,
down from 27.67 percent in the first quarter. In the fourth quarter of 2015, the
figure was a whopping 31.86 percent, more than triple 11.52 percent of Samsung.

Feeling the pinch from stiffer competition in the saturated market, Apple logged
US$10.5 billion in operating income and $42.4 billion in revenue, down 28
percent and 15 percent from a year ago, respectively.

The company especially saw the biggest sales drop in China where its device
sales plunged 29 percent, while its US and European sales fell 6 percent and 16
percent, respectively.

Industry watchers say Apple's upcoming new iPhone launch, possibly in September,
may not be able to shift the downward trend.

"The new iPhone is expected to have no distinct change from its predecessor
iPhone 6S," said Kwon Sung-ryul, an analyst at Dongbu Securities.

He said the larger variant of the new phone, presumably the iPhone 7 Plus,
featuring a dual-lens camera and a large memory capacity, could give a boost in
overall device sales.

By Kim Young-won (

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             762 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                      March 10, 2016 Thursday 3:59 PM GMT

Samsung Galaxy S7 edge review: A powerful and good-looking phone that might even
tempt iPhone fans

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 831 words


Samsung's big design leap forward last year, with the launch of the Galaxy S6
edge smartphone, was remarkable.

At a stroke, the accusation that Samsung only made plasticky handsets that
weren't as high-end as the tech they housed, was kicked into touch. Samsung's
class was undeniable.

The sloping edges on each side of the screen made the phone strikingly different
from anything else on the market. So no surprise that this year's S7 edge looks
almost the same.

Actually, look closer, feel the new phone in your hand, and you'll see it's
subtly different. Chiefly, the back of the phone is gently curved now, as well
as the front. The result is that thanks to critical manufacturing details, the
phone is spectacularly different in your grip. Suddenly it's smooth enough to
roll around like a worry stone.

And the curved edges make this phone, with its whopping 5.5-inch display, feels
entirely manageable in the hand, comfortable and appealingly tactile. These are
all very good things in something you're likely to be handling all day.

Although you may not find yourself turning it on as compulsively as before.
Apparently we click the screen on well over 100 times a day, to check the time,
notifications and so on.

A brilliant new feature on the S7 and S7 edge is an always-on screen that shows
you the time while your phone slumbers. It's extremely useful.

Samsung wasn't the first to have this feature - Nokia got there a few years back
- but it looks brilliant with the white-lit time and date screaming out of the
pitch-black display. Not least that's down to the AMOLED screen, an area where
Samsung is a master. And Samsung promises that it uses less than 1 per cent of
battery life per hour which in my testing seems to be the case, so no worries
there.

The curves, incidentally, also mean that this handset is substantially smaller
than that other beauty with a 5.5-inch display, the Apple iPhone 6s Plus. Well,
it's a little thicker than the iPhone, but the other dimensions are smaller. And
even there it's still only 7.7mm thick. One of the best things about the S7
edge, and there are many great things about this phone, is that it manages the
trick of seeming small enough to fit easily in the hand while having a screen
that's pretty darn big.

Last year's S6 edge introduced us to the idea that the edge of the screen could
work separately to the main part. So that you could set it to notify you when a
favourite contact was messaging or call you, and you could see they were calling
even if the phone was face down, in an important meeting, say.

This time around, the edge screen does more, with extra apps functions on the
side and a welcome return to the edge ruler which appeared first on the Samsung
Galaxy Note edge. The sloping side means you can get a measurement more
conveniently than on a regular phone.

Swipe from the side (left or right, you choose which is the active edge) and two
columns of apps appear, with a range of options now and more apps to follow.
It's a very handy way to get to favourite items.

The camera on the S7 edge is 12 megapixels. This is actually a drop from last
year's 16-megapixel resolution, but it's not all about pixel count, as you know.
These pixels are bigger, so better at sucking in light which is especially handy
if available light is low. The result is a fast, impressive snapper that
launches quickly just by double-pressing the home button.

And its autofocus is very nippy, so you're unlikely to miss that shot. Selfies
are helped along, as they are on the iPhone 6s, by using the display as a flash,
with reasonably good results. If you like selfies.

This is a very proficient camera - Samsung has even flattened the components so
they don't poke out like they did last year. The lens isn't quite flush to the
case, but it's a big improvement.

Gaming is also a priority on the phone with special settings to gather games
together so they're easy to find and even the capability to turn notifications
and certain button responses off so you don't interrupt your playing.

And among the improvements in the S7 edge is the return of decent waterproofing,
last seen on the S5. This is a useful benefit that most of the time you won't
need but you'll be enormously grateful for in that moment when you drop it in
the bath, or worse.

Also missing from the S6 was expandable storage. This time the sim card tray
handily has room for a microSD card as well.

Battery life is excellent, way better than on the admittedly disappointing S6.
It'll get you through a full day with ease, though as usual the caveat that
nightly charges are needed still applies.

There are so many advances on the S7 and so few downsides - one of which is
cost, this is not a cheap phone - that it's easy to recommend it. It's easily
the most powerful and good-looking Android phone on the market, and may even
have Apple fanatics wondering about switching.

David Phelan

Independent

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             763 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            October 25, 2015 Sunday

Samsung Galaxy S7 to get Force Touch like feature

LENGTH: 214  words


By Tony Luke - Samsung Note 5 and Gear S2

Right on the heels of the Samsung S6, S6 Edge and Note 5, Samsung is gearing up
to release the Samsung Galaxy S7, and the rumours have begun to spread.

Earlier rumours suggested that the S7 would come in a 5.2 inch or 5.8 inch
models, where the latter might have the curved Edge treatment. Recent rumours
suggest that the S7 might also have a feature similar to the Force Touch seen in
the latest iPhones from Apple. According to rumours from Weibo, Samsung has
allegedly tapped Synaptics to use its ClearForce technology, which will respond
differently depending on screen pressure. It would then provide contextual menu
options.

Apple was the first one to release this feature with its latest iPhones, but I
wasn't the first to announce it as Huawei announced a similar feature in early
September for the Huawei Mate S. Samsung is known to follow and set trends for
smartphones as well, such as the heart rate sensors and fingerprint readers.
Pressure sensitive display can be expected soon from the company.

Other rumoured hardware include an Exynos 7422, Exynos 8890 or a Qualcomm
Snapdragon 820 processor, 3GB Ram, 20MP ISOCELL camera as well. It is expected
to be announced in January 2016.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/40/144577265811.jpg



LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             764 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             July 12, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 to cost around Rs 63,000?

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 243 words


NEW DELHI: Samsung's upcoming Galaxy Note phablet will reportedly start at a
price of Euro 849 in Europe, roughly translating to around Rs 63,000. The device
is expected to be launched soon, and will reportedly feature a dual-edge
display. The form factor is expected to be the same as the existing Galaxy Note
5. According to SamMobile website , the device will have hardware specifications
identical to Samsung's current flagship duo - Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge.Other
online reports hint at a possibility of a Gear VR headset being launched with
USB Type-C connectivity.

One of the major reasons for Samsung to delay its move to USB Type-C ports for
its smartphones is the fact that its present Gear VR headset comes with a micro
USB port. However, there is no official confirmation regarding these yet.Samsung
is expected to name its upcoming Note flagship Galaxy Note 7, instead of Note 6.
This is probably because the company wants to bring the Note line-up in sync
with the Galaxy S series.Samsung Galaxy Note 7 will reportedly run Android 6.0.1
Marshmallow out-of-the-box and will likely feature a 5.7-inch QHD display of
1440x2560 pixel resolution.Galaxy Note 7 is also expected to come with an iris
scanner. This means that users will be able to unlock the phone by just looking
at it. Similar to fingerprint scanners, the iris scanner will require users to
first register their iris scans in order to be used.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             765 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Al Sharq (Qatar - Arabic)

                             October 3, 2016 Monday

              سامسونج تستعد لإطلاق هاتفها الجديد "Galaxy C9".. تعرف على مواصفاته

LENGTH: 133 words



                                                 Galaxy C9 القاهرة - بوابة الشرق

تستعد عملاق صناعة الإلكترونيات، الكورية الجنوبية، "سامسونج" لإطلاق هاتفها الجديد
                                                                      Galaxy C9.


وبحسب موقع "Geekbench"، فإن الهاتف الجديد هو أول جهاز رخيص نسبيا من سامسونج يأتي
    بذاكرة وصول عشوائية 6 جيجابايت، وهي أكبر ب ـ مقدار 2 جيجابايت من ذاكرة هواتف
      سامسونج "Galaxy S7" و "Galaxy S7 edge" التي أتت بذاكرة عشوائية 4 جيجابايت.

   الهاتف الجديد سيأتي بشاشة 6 بوصات ومعالج Snapdragon 652 ثماني النوى بتردد 1.4
                 جيجاهيرتز وذاكرة عشوائية 6 جيجاهيرتز ونظام تشغيل أندرويد 6.0.1.

 وبحسب موقع AnTuTu فإن الكاميرا الخلفية لهاتف "Galaxy C9" ستأتي بدقة 12 ميجابكسل
                                                                    FHD العالية.

وفي انتظار إصدار سامسونج لهاتفي "Galaxy C5 Pro" و "Galaxy C7 Pro" لم تعلن الشركة
                                                عن موعد إصدار Galaxy C9 المنتظر.

                                               جميع الحقوق محفوظة  2016 Al-Sharq

                         http://imgs.syndigate.info/923/2717/72/147557273427.jpg

                                                                       Galaxy C9


LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ARABIC; العربية

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 2717


             Copyright 2016 Abha Chamber of Commerce and Industry.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             766 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Bristol Post

                           October 12, 2016 Wednesday

Take phones back, Galaxy users told

SECTION: NEWS:PEOPLE; Pg. 4-5

LENGTH: 200  words


USERS of the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 are being advised to return it to where they
bought it "at the earliest opportunity" for a full refund.

Technology giant Samsung yesterday announced that it is permanently scrapping
its £700 Galaxy Note 7 phone after several reports of the device - and its
replacement version - catching fire.

The announcement came after several reports and advice from the firm that owners
of the smartphone should turn their device off.

"Consumers with either an original Galaxy Note 7 or replacement Galaxy Note 7
device should power down and stop using the device," the South Korean company
said in a statement.

Samsung is no longer offering phone owners the chance to swap their Note 7 for a
replacement model. Customers are advised to return the smartphone to the place
of purchase "at the earliest opportunity" for a full refund.

Any UK customers who bought their Galaxy Note 7 from the manufacturer can also
return their devices to Samsung.

To contact Samsung  you can call the customer service team on 0330 726 1000
between 9am and 6pm, Monday through Saturday.

Samsung has previously offered customers the chance to exchange a Galaxy Note 7
with a Galaxy S7 or a Galaxy S7 Edge.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             767 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Chennai Online

                          October 25, 2016 6:30 AM EST

Samsung's Nightmare Continues: Another Smartphone Exploded, But this time It's
Not the Galaxy Note 7

LENGTH: 393  words


New York: After the Note 7 fiasco, a Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge owner in the US has
claimed that the device which he received as a replacement for the Note 7
exploded while charging.

According to the PhoneArena website, the person went to a popular US wireless
carrier's store with a damaged Samsung Galaxy S7 edge -- the highest-selling
device from the South Korean tech giant.

The customer claimed he received the unit two weeks ago after turning in his
replacement Note 7 smartphone (version 2 with the "safe" battery).

"According to the owner, it was charging overnight using the OEM (original
equipment manufacturer) charger," the report added.

Last month, a construction worker in Ohio sued Samsung after his Galaxy S7 edge
exploded.

"The victim suffered second and third degree burns and had to go through painful
skin grafts," PhoneArena reported.

Three US customers from different states -- Nevada, Pennsylvania and California
- have already complained about the fire-prone Note 7 devices and may go for a
class-action lawsuit against Samsung.

The suit filed in the US District Court in Newark, New Jersey, accuses Samsung
Electronics America of fraud and breach of warranty and good faith, NBC News
reported.

In a setback to Samsung Electronics on Monday, 527 owners of Galaxy Note 7
smartphone in South Korea filed a class-action lawsuit against the company for
inconvenience experienced after the discontinuation of the device.

According to the Harvest Law Office here, the plaintiffs filed the case with the
Seoul Central District Court, seeking 500,000 won (US$440) in compensation each,
Yonhap news agency reported.

Ko Young-yeel, the attorney representing the plaintiffs, said the rights of the
consumers were infringed upon as Samsung halted production of the device and
asked them to get replacements for other models.

"The consumers were also deprived of their rights to get after-sales service,"
he said during a press conference held in front of the court. "(Samsung) should
compensate for the mental distress caused by such a situation," Young-yeel
added.

Earlier this month, Samsung permanently halted sales and production of the
fire-prone Note 7, about two months after the device's launch.

The South Korean firm estimated that it will lose $3 billion in operating
profits over the next six months due to the withdrawal of the Galaxy Note 7
smartphone.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


 Copyright 2016 Chennai Interactive Business Services (P) Ltd., distributed by
                                  Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             768 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                            February 1, 2016 Monday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

The invites are out: what to expect from Samsung at Mobile World Congress

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 341 words


A new flagship handset and an even greater focus on virtual reality are expected
to top the bill when Samsung's latest Unpacked event takes place on February 21.

Invitations to the company's annual pre-MWC press event and the accompanying
teaser video make it clear that the next Galaxy handset will make its debut and
that with its unveiling we should "Get ready to rethink what a phone can do."

The video also suggests that this re-thinking should be done around the subject
of virtual reality. Despite a reputation as a "fast follower," Samsung has been
very quick and very pioneering when it comes to VR. Its own headset, the Gear VR
is both good-quality and affordable, if limited, while its components and
display technologies are also essential to the very premium Oculus Rift.

For many in the tech industry, 2016 is going to be the year of Virtual Reality.
As well as Samsung, HTC, Microsoft, Sony and LG are investing heavily in the
technology, and reports that surfaced over the weekend suggest that Apple too
has a dedicated VR team exploring the possibilities.

However, like with the phablet, Samsung has a head start and the Samsung Galaxy
S7 could be the handset that sets the company further apart from its competitors
while simultaneously bridging the gap between full-on VR systems and headsets
like the Gear VR or even Google's Cardboard, by being able to track positional
data, such as how a headset wearer's hands move. That could be huge, but, for
the moment at least, may be something only those already keen on VR would
embrace with excitement.

As for the rest of us, the Galaxy S7 and the curved screen S7 Edge models are
expected to keep the same excellent form factor but see the return of two
features that have been missing from recent handsets -- water resistance and
expansion via microSD slot.

Most of the updates are expected to be under the hood, with faster processors
and, if the reports are true, a better, longer-lasting, faster-charging battery.
In other words, the things that consumers really want from a handset.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2016 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                             769 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                      August 4, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Samsung officially announces Galaxy Note 7

BYLINE: Brenda McGregor

LENGTH: 201  words


Bigwig South Korean smartphone manufacturer Samsung has officially unveiled the
latest addition to its Note line of flagship handsets which are equipped with a
stylus and are largely aimed at power users.

The latest Note is called the Galaxy Note 7. It is the successor to the 2015
launched Galaxy Note 5; and indicates that Samsung has given Note 6 a miss. The
newly-announced Note 7 is an impressive handset, amalgamating the most
noteworthy features of Note 5 and the design and waterproofing of Galaxy S7 Edge
handset released earlier this year.

In officially announcing the new Galaxy Note 7 handset, Samsung said that the
handset, with a 5.5-inch screen, will be available for purchase from all the
four leading US wireless carriers - AT&T, Verizon, Sprint, and T-Mobile - with
effect from August 19. The preorders for the handset opened on August 3.

Samsung also said that it plans to offer an unlocked version of the Galaxy Note
7 in the US at a later date.

The Galaxy Note 7 will be available in the US in three color options -- Black,
Silver, and Blue Coral -- with its pricing to commensurate with that of previous
Note handsets, but higher than that of Galaxy S7 Edge which costs approximately
$800.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             770 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           August 17, 2016 Wednesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

And in this corner, Apple's newest competitor: The Samsung Galaxy Note 7

BYLINE: Ed Baig, ebaig@usatoday.com, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 697 words


Expect Apple, as has widely been speculated, to unveil a new iPhone next month.

And expect the yardstick by which many folks will measure it against to be the
Samsung Galaxy Note 7 that becomes available Aug. 19.

I've gotten to test Samsung's latest pen-based phablet in advance, and it's a
winner, a handsome slab of metal and glass that is slightly bigger and modeled
after the South Korean company's other flagship smartphone.

That would be the Galaxy S7, or, to be more precise, the Galaxy S7 edge, since
the Note 7 can convert a narrow portion along either edge of its dual-curved
5.7-inch screen into a secondary display. With a gentle swipe, you can surface
shortcuts along the edge to apps or people, Yahoo news snippets, even a ruler or
compass.

Both curvy Galaxys have a substantial feel to them, with narrow bezels and
smooth, almost slippery, backs. Both have fast-to-fire cameras that can produce
splendid pictures and video.

If I'm nitpicking, I still think Samsung's hardware outshines its software,
which I find a bit less friendly than Apple's.

That said, Note 7 is a powerhouse, with features and capabilities Apple has
failed to deliver on the iPhone so far, including fast wireless charging,
expandable storage and water resistance.

It becomes the leading Android alternative to whatever Apple cooks up in a new
iPhone, especially for those of us who appreciate phablet-size devices, the
category of large phone/small tablet hybrids Samsung pioneered five years ago.

The Note 7 also makes use of a digital stylus Samsung calls the S Pen, improved
for this version.

Of course, at $850 on up (from all the major U.S. carriers), Note 7 doesn't come
cheap.

Let me call out one feature right off the bat: Note 7 has a conventional
headphone jack, something I wouldn't normally go out of my way to mention. But
Apple is rumored to be leaving out the jack on the new iPhone, giving way,
apparently, to increasingly popular wireless Bluetooth headphones, or headphones
that connect via Apple's proprietary Lightning port.

We'll see.

Note 7 also includes the emerging USB Type-C connector. There's an adapter in
the box for those of you who still need to connect a USB cable.

Here's a look at what else in Note 7 is noteworthy:

S Pen. The latest digital stylus has a ballpoint pen- type tip that feels more
natural to write with than prior versions. While I reckon most of you will use
the S Pen to jot notes or draw, its bag of tricks has been expanded.

For one thing, you can hover over a word with the pen to translate it into a
foreign language. For another, you can hover to magnify text. And you can
capture and crop video content that you can turn into an animated shareable GIF.
Nice.

Moreover, when you're on the lock screen and pull the S Pen out of the
compartment where you stash it, you can immediately write a memo on the
"always-on" screen and pin it there, a handy reminder, say, to pick up milk or
the laundry.

Since the pen, like the phone, is water-resistant, you can even write on the
screen when your mischievous kid takes it into the pool, not that I'm condoning
such behavior.

Eye-pleasing security? The idea that you can stare into the phone to unlock the
screen, get past Web logins or pay for stuff sounds really cool, and it is. And
it doesn't take long for the phone to train the phone to recognize your iris.

Once my eyeballs were scanable, this form of hands-free authentication worked
way more often than it did not.

The truth, though, is that at least when it comes to unlocking the phone, I
found it easier and even faster to employ other methods: drawing a pattern on
the screen (with your finger) or using the fingerprint scanner.

The phone comes with 64GB of storage, which is generous. You can expand capacity
(up to 256GB) via microSD.

Samsung also claims the Note 7 display is the first to take advantage of High
Dynamic Range or HDR mobile-video streaming on a smartphone, similar to video
used on 4K TVs, and not to be confused with the HDR photography feature on many
phones.

Without getting bogged down in the details, what I can report is that the
display looks terrific.

In fact, terrific applies to the Note as a whole. The focus now shifts to Apple.


LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo photos by Edward C. Baig, USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             771 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             August 2, 2016 Tuesday

Galaxy Note 7 vs. Galaxy Note 5: Samsung's infograph shows us what's different
between the two

LENGTH: 593  words


Samsung has released a detailed infograph and highlighted the primary
differences between Galaxy Note 7 and Galaxy Note 5

(UPDATE: Due to some technical issues, we could not upload the beautiful
infograph, but you can view it here).

Galaxy Note 7 is officially here and if you're looking for the primary
differences between the newly announced smartphone and last year's flagship,
Samsung has reduced our work load and launched a beautiful infograph that looks
great and satisfies all the necessary information that we wanted to know between
the powerhouse phablets.

Looking at the specifications breakdown, Samsung pointed out during the official
announcement that the company's designers and engineers were having difficulty
in creating a curved edge screen for users that would allow them to take
advantage of the S-Pen accessory as well as give them plenty of room to play
around the display with their fingers.

With careful precision, the dual curved edge came into being on a Galaxy Note 7
and its Super AMOLED QHD display is probably going to be the best display on
smartphones for 2016. The phablet does not come with 6GB of RAM as we were all
led to believe. The smartphone comes with 4GB of LPDDR4 RAM. A large amount of
RAM will definitely consume more battery life so it's a good thing that Samsung
kept its hand away for making upgrades that the average consumer would probably
not take advantage of.

With 4GB RAM and an abundant number of software improvements, we are certain
that the company could leap huge distances with its Galaxy Note 7 the same way
it has with its Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge. There is a 3,500mAh battery
present, which is slightly smaller than the 3,600mAh capacity present in the
edge version of Galaxy S7, but it's still bigger than the cell present in Galaxy
Note 5. There isn't a dual rear camera present, but you still get the capable
12MP camera with an f/1.7 aperture.

<table><tr><td>Galaxy Note 7 Galaxy Note 5</td></tr><tr><td>Dimensions  153.2 x
76.1 x 7.6mm 153.5 x 73.9 x 7.9mm</td></tr><tr><td>Weight 171 grams 169
grams</td></tr><tr><td>Display 5.7-inch Super AMOLED display with 2560 x 1440
resolution 5.7-inch Super AMOLED display with 2560 x 1440
resolution</td></tr><tr><td>LTE modem LTE Cat.6 (300Mbps download/50Mbps upload)
LTE Cat.9 (450Mbps download/50Mbps upload)</td></tr><tr><td>SoC Exynos 7420
Exynos 8890 or Snapdragon 820</td></tr><tr><td>Water and dust resistant N/A IP68
(up to 1.5 meters for 30 minutes)</td></tr><tr><td>Camera 16MP rear with f/1.9
aperture5MP front with f/1.9 apertureSmart OIS 12MP rear with f/1.7 aperture 5MP

 front with f/1.7 aperture Smart OIS</td></tr><tr><td>Battery  3,000mAh with
support for wireless charging 3,500mAh with support for wireless charging and
USB-C port</td></tr><tr><td>Memory (RAM and internal storage) 4GB LPDDR4 with 32
or 64GB internal storage (no microSD card slot) 4GB LPDDR4 with 64GB internal
storage (microSD card slot present)</td></tr><tr><td>Biometric upgrades
Fingerprint  Fingerprint  + Iris scanner</td></tr><tr><td>Payment NFC + MST NFC
+ MST</td></tr><tr><td>Android OS Lollipop 5.1  Marshmallow
6.0.1</td></tr></table>

Like its predecessors announced earlier this year, Galaxy Note 7 too is going to
be announced in two chipset versions: Exynos 8890 and Snapdragon 820. The actual
release date of the smartphone is going to be August 19, and it is speculated
that the unlocked price tag of the smartphone will range between the $849-$949
mark. If you're in possession of a Galaxy Note 5, would you upgrade to a Galaxy
Note 7 or not?

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             772 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                            October 14, 2016 Friday
                            All but Toronto Edition

Samsung canada says returns of phones may begin

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP5

LENGTH: 138 words


Samsung says Canadians with Galaxy Note 7 smartphones can start returning the
devices as of Thursday as part of a global safety recall following reports of
overheating batteries that pose a fire hazard. Samsung Electronics Canada Inc.
of Mississauga, Ont., has advised consumers to return the phones to the stores
where they were bought. Devices returned to retailers and carriers can be
exchanged for a Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 Edge phone, or customers can opt for a
full refund for the recalled Note 7s and specific accessories. Samsung. com
customers are being offered a refund upon receipt of the Galaxy Note 7s. The
South Korean electronics giant said Tuesday it would stop making and selling the
Note 7s and advised owners to turn off and stop using the smartphones.
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             773 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                              July 4, 2016 Monday

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 might not be water proof

LENGTH: 175  words


Samsung might be facing difficulties sealing the S-Pen compartment

Samsung is set to announce the Galaxy Note 7 in August and while there have been
rumours suggesting that the phone will come with an IP68 rating which means that
it should be waterproof, we have heard from a reliable source that the upcoming
phablet will not be water-proof.

The Galaxy S7 features a water-proof design which has led many to believe that
the upcoming Galaxy Note 7 will follow suit. However, considering the fact that
the Samsung Galaxy Note comes with a compartment housing the S-Pen, you could
see the challenges in trying to seal that off against water.

The highlight features of the Samsung Note 7 are expected to be an iris scanner
as well as dual back cameras. Some rumours indicate that the new Note might also
feature a dual curved screen like the S7 as well as bring back the MicroSD slot.
Finally, Samsung is also expected to increase battery capacity to 4000mAh.

We'll only find out which of these features make it to the device when it is
officially announced.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             774 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 13, 2016 Thursday
                               Bangalore Edition

Samsung Hits a Wrong Note, may Face Rs 420-cr Loss in Third Qtr

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: COMPANIES: PURSUIT OF PROFIT

LENGTH: 431 words


Samsung Electronics India will take a potential revenue hit of about '420 crore
this quarter because of its decision to kill its marquee Galaxy Note 7 phone
after it failed to fix the manufacturing flaw that was causing the device to
catch fire.

The Korean company had estimated that it will sell around 70,000 units of Note 7
during the quarter, while it had plans to give a stretch target of a lakh units
to its India sales team to take on Apple's new iPhones, said two people aware of
the development.

The Indian team has calculated and updated the potential revenue loss to its
headquarters after taking stock of the demise of Note 7. Samsung India may also
revive its earlier Note series flagship, Galaxy Note 5, later this quarter to
salvage some of the losses and not leave the field entirely open for Apple's
iPhone7 or even the Google Pixel which is due to be launched later this week.

Samsung had recently discontinued Note 5 model to focus on the Note 7, one of
the persons said. Additional focus will be also given on the Galaxy S7 and S7
Edge models.

When contacted, a Samsung India spokesperson declined to comment

on the sales target.

He said Samsung India has a robust range of mobile phones across categories and
the company is headed for record sales of handsets in India this year.

Globally, Samsung has cut its operating profit guidance by 33% ($2.3 billion)
for the last three months because of the Note7 fiasco. Analysts say the decision
to scrap the device could end up costing up to $17billion.

Samsung India was all ready to start manufacturing Note 7 in India in its Noida
plant with the aim of launching the device just ahead of Diwali, almost 45 days
later than the originally scheduled launch which had gotten pushed back due to
safety worries.

The company is now planning to offer the Galaxy S7 Edge to the approximate
20,000 Note 7 pre-booked customers in India, or an option to return their money.
It will also relaunch the Note 5 at an aggressive price point.

Since the next flagship will be launched only around March 2017,

Samsung India is going to revive the Note 5 to rebuild it premium portfolio,
since at the moment Apple has a complete free-run,\x93 one of the persons quoted
earlier said.

Meanwhile, Apple has ensured there is enough supplies of its latest iPhone7 and
7Plus in the Indian market unlike earlier years when it had to grapple with
supply issues. Retailers said the maximum demand has been for the pricier iPhone
7 Plus model which sells upwards of '72,000 due to additional features such as
dual camera and availability in the jet black colour.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             775 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            March 30, 2016 Wednesday

Galaxy S7 to drive up Samsung profits

BYLINE: By Kim Yoo-chul

LENGTH: 634 words


Company legal chief says Apple disputes to continue

Samsung Electronics is expected to report boosted profits from the first quarter
of this year propelled by brisk sales of its flagship Galaxy S7 (S7)
smartphones.

'We can confirm that S7 sales are looking very good,' Lee Sang-hoon, chief of
Samsung Electronics' management support group, told reporters after his
participation in Wednesday's weekly meeting of presidents of Samsung affiliates
at Seocho Samsung Tower, southern Seoul.

Market analysts expect the world's top smartphone manufacturer to report a first
quarter operating profit over 6 trillion won ($5.2 billion), beating earlier
expectations.

Given Samsung's unique supply chain system, brisk sales of its flagship
smartphone are also helping other divisions and group affiliates strengthen
their bottom line. Samsung Electronics is heavily sourcing key components from
its chip divisions, Samsung SDI and Samsung Electro-Mechanics.

'We revised up our target on Samsung Electronics stock from 1.55 million won per
share to 1.65 million,' said Lee Se-chul, an analyst at NH Securities. 'Our
estimate for Samsung's combined profit throughout this year is 24 trillion won
up from 21.9 trillion won in 2015.'

Daishin Securities analyst Kim Kyung-min said operating profit for Samsung
Electronics during the January to March period will reach between 6 trillion won
and 6.4 trillion won.

The two variants of the S7 _ one rigid and the other curved _ have been
commercially available since early this month. So far, more than 10 million S7s
have been sold in terms of shipments to Samsung's carrier partners.

In preorders, the S7 has exceeded earlier expectations in its key markets of
China, Europe and India. In Europe, Samsung suggested a 250 percent increase in
combined preorder sales since the S7 launch over the S6.

Samsung officials say the early success is largely due to its decision to
include more features such as the reintroduction of the microSD card slot and
increased water resistance, along with a 10 percent price cut in some markets.

Samsung Electronics spokesman Lee Won-ho declined to comment on the company's
estimated profit for the first quarter. The company will announce its
preliminary first quarter earnings guidance next week.

With stronger sales of the S7, analysts say the weakening won was also
attributable for improved quarterly profit.

'Samsung may have benefited from a weakening won against major currencies during
the January-March period,' said an official.

Apple dispute will continue

In a separate meeting with local reporters, the company's legal chief said its
ongoing patent disputes with Apple will continue.

'Apple filed a retrial in courts in the United States,' said Kim Sang-hyun,
president of Samsung's legal office.

The remarks came after a U.S. appeals court overturned a lower court's decision
and ordered Apple to pay Samsung for its infringement of some Samsung patents.

In May 2014, juries in a court in San Jose, California, ruled that Samsung
infringed on three Apple patents.

The appeals court nullified two out of the three patents, for which the lower
court ordered Samsung to compensate Apple, while the appeals court ruled Samsung
didn't infringe on the remaining Apple patent, asking Apple to pay $158,000 to
Samsung.

Kim didn't elaborate further. Samsung agreed with Apple to drop all lawsuits
outside the U.S.

The company's television chief Kim Hyun-seok said Samsung headquarters in Korea
is reviewing why football icon Pele sued the company in the U.S.

'We are closely looking at the case,' Kim told reporters.

Pele sued Samsung in a federal court in Chicago, claiming that the consumer
electronics giant used a lookalike in a full-page advert for its HDTV that
appeared in the New York Times. Pele is seeking $30 million in compensation from
Samsung.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             776 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Waterloo Region Record

                            October 14, 2016 Friday
                                 First Edition

IN BRIEF

BYLINE: Record staff and news services

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C10

LENGTH: 569 words


SOFTWARE

Descartes Systems buys

supply chain integration firm

WATERLOO - Descartes Systems Group has acquired a U.S. company that specializes
in business-to-business supply chain integration services. Descartes, a
Waterloo-based provider of a wide range of software services for the logistics
industry, said it paid US$5.8 million for Appterra. It could pay up to an
additional US$1.6 million if Appterra achieves certain revenue-based targets.
Appterra, based in Texas, provides solutions that help its customers connect
electronically, automate supply chain process, and improve collaboration among
trading partners.

ELECTRONICS

Canadians can start returning

Galaxy 7 Note smartphones

MISSISSAUGA - Samsung says Canadians with Galaxy Note 7 smartphones can start
returning the devices as part of a global safety recall following reports of
overheating batteries that pose a fire hazard. Samsung Electronics Canada Inc.
has advised consumers to return the phones to the stores where they were bought.
Devices returned to retailers and carriers can be exchanged for a Galaxy S7 or
Galaxy S7 Edge phone, or customers can opt for a full refund for the recalled
Note 7s and specific accessories. Samsung.com customers are being offered a
refund upon receipt of the Galaxy Note 7s.

REAL ESTATE

New home price index rose 0.5% in Waterloo Region

OTTAWA - Statistics Canada's index for tracking new housing prices rose 0.2 per
cent in August compared with July, driven by gains in Toronto and Oshawa. The
agency says the combined region of Toronto and Oshawa gained 0.7 per cent as
builders cited market conditions and higher costs for materials. Waterloo Region
gained 0.5 per cent, while the combined region of Greater Sudbury and Thunder
Bay, Ont., added 0.4 per cent. The new housing price index was up 2.7 per cent
compared with a year ago.

FOOD

Belmont Meats acquired

by Premium Brands for $50M

VANCOUVER - Belmont Meats Products Ltd. has been purchased for $50 million by
Premium Brands Holdings Corp., the Vancouver-based company that owns Piller's
Fine Foods in Waterloo. Toronto-based Belmont provides beef burger patties and
other products to restaurants and retailers including supermarkets, warehouse
stores and specialty frozen-food outlets. The 50-year-old company has annual
sales of about $120 million.

PHARMACEUTICAL

Generic drug maker

cutting 90 jobs in Montreal

MONTREAL - Pharmascience says it's eliminating about 90 positions in Montreal as
pricing, regulatory pressures and market instability are also forcing the
generic drugmaker to review major new investments in Canada. The company said
the restructuring announced Thursday will improve its competitiveness and
operating efficiencies in the face of challenges mainly in Quebec, but also in
the rest of Canada and globally. Pharmascience says it's Canada's 10th largest
pharmaceutical company.

FOOD

McDonald's special sauce

may be headed for stores

CHICAGO - Is McDonald's special sauce coming to U.S. stores? McDonald's applied
for a trademark for "Mac Sauce" in the United States late last month, which
could open the door for it to sell bottles of the spread that tops its Big Macs
in grocery stores and other food retailers. In a statement, McDonald's said it
files trademark applications "as part of our regular course of business" and
"can't share details at this time as to how this trademark may or may not be
used." McDonald's sells its McCafe coffee in stores.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             777 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Samsung considers ditching flat screen for Galaxy S8

LENGTH: 183 words


[THE INVESTOR] Samsung Electronics is considering ditching a flat-screen version
for its next flagship Galaxy 8 that is expected to come out next year with a
curved display only, industry sources said on Sept. 8.

The move comes after the Galaxy S7 Edge outpaced its flat-screen sibling in
terms of sales. Now the Korean tech giant is promoting the curvy screen as its
premium smartphone lineup's key identity.

Sources said the company has already started securing display panels in two
sizes -- 5.1 inch and 5.5 inch -- from its own display-making unit Samsung
Display, the world's sole producer of double-edged screens.

Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge

For the latest Galaxy Note 7, the company has also launched a curved-screen
version only.

The yield rate is key to the strategy.

In 2015 when the company adopted the curvy screen for the first time for the
Galaxy S6 Edge, it failed to continue the sales momentum due to supply
constraints.

"It was a heart-breaking experience," said the company's mobile chief Koh
Dong-jin in August. "We have improved product quality enough to expand curved
models."

By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             778 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                       August 4, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Samsung Introduces Its Thinnest-Ever Smartphone Galaxy A8 In India

BYLINE: Anurima Mondal, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 265  words


With the thickness of just 5.9mm, the Galaxy A8 is very thin and light but not
thin enough to break the record of Gionee Elife S7, Oppo R5 which measures 5.5mm
and 4.85mm respectively

Tuesday, August 04, 2015: South Korean tech giant Samsung has recently unveiled
its slimmest smartphone, the Galaxy A8 in the Indian market. With the thickness
of just 5.9mm, Galaxy A8 is very thin and light but not thin enough to surpass
Gionee Elife S7 and Oppo R5 which measures 5.5mm and 4.85mm respectively.
Currently Vivo X5Max holds the record of being the slimmest smartphone ever.
With the measurement of 4.75mm, it boasts to be a wafer thin handset.

If we talk about other specifications, Samsung Galaxy A8 sports a 14.47cm
(5.7-inch) full-HD Super AMOLED display with a resolution of 1080 x 1920 pixels.
Powered by 64-bit Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 processor with octa-core Samsung
Exynos 5430 System-on-Chip, the phone features 2GB of RAM and 32GB of in-built
storage which can be further expanded to 128GB via microSD. Packed with a
3050mAh battery, the device claims to deliver a standby time of up to 304 hours.
Besides, it also comes embedded with a fingerprint sensor.

The phone runs on Android 5.1.1 Lollipop. It sports a 16MP rear camera with
optical image stabilisation, f/1.9 aperture, a wide-angle lens (120 degrees) and
LED flash alongside a 5MP front-facing camera. Its connectivity options include
Bluetooth 4.1, dual band Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, GPS, Glonass, and LTE with
Band 40 (2300MHz) and Band 3 (1800MHz) support, which apparently means that
would work with all 4G networks in India.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2015 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             779 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              China Business News

                       March 29, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Samsung Pay Debuts in India in Partnership with China Unionpay

LENGTH: 174  words


March 29 -- Samsung Pay, the mobile payment service of Samsung Electronics was
recently launched in association with China UnionPay, state news agency Xinhua
has reported citing the Seoul-based electronic major.

Samsung has issued a statement saying its mobile service will be available from
the same day for swiping cards anywhere in the country.

Currently the facility is available in Samsung Galaxy Note5, Galaxy S6
edge-plus, Galaxy S7 edge and Galaxy S7 in China.

In future, the service would be supported by medium-range models, the statement
has noted.

Users of the above mentioned smartphones can select debit and credit cards from
nine China-based lenders.

Six more Chinese lenders are going to support this payment service in future.

Injong Rhee, Head of Research and Development, Software and Services of Mobile
Communications at Samsung has said the company wants to make Samsung Pay
available to as many customers as possible in China, conforming with national
laws and regulations, due to cooperation with China UnionPay and many lenders.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             780 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               paymentssource.com

                             March 29, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung Pay Launches in China a Month After Apple Pay

BYLINE: Joseph Kellard

SECTION: GLOBAL Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 300  words


Samsung Electronics and China UnionPay have joined forces to launch Samsung Pay
in China.

Samsung's mobile payment service operates on modern Samsung handsets including
Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge, Galaxy S6 Edge+ and Galaxy Note5 devices. In
China, the mobile wallet currently supports credit and debit cards from nine
banks: China CITIC Bank, China Construction Bank, China Everbright Bank, China
Guangfa Bank, China Minsheng Banking Corp. Ltd, China Merchants Bank, Hua Xia
Bank, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China and Ping An Bank.

The mobile wallet will eventually support six additional banks that include Bank
of China, Bank of Beijing, Bank of Communications.

"In compliance with national laws and regulations, thanks to cooperating with
CUP and many banks, we ultimately want to make Samsung Pay available to as many
consumers as possible in China, so that everyone can have the opportunity to
enjoy the simplicity, safety and convenience of this mobile payment solution,"
said Injong Rhee, Samsung's head of research and development for software and
services of mobile communications business, in a press release.

Samsung's announcement comes after Apple secured banking partnerships for
thelaunch of Apple Pay in Chinawith China UnionPay in February. The support of
the two rival payment systems in China is seen as a possibledefensive moveby
China UnionPay to ward off competition from rising domestic mobile payment
rivals in China, including Alipay and Tencent.

"With the joint efforts of banks and Samsung, based on the safety testing and
certification by relevant national testing agency, [China UnionPay] QuickPass
starting Samsung Pay service will bring users safer and more convenient mobile
payment choice." said Hu Ying, assistant president of China UnionPay, in the
release.

URL: http://www.paymentssource.com

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PAYMENTSSOURCE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             781 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                           October 12, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Galaxy Note 7 is history; Samsung offers refunds

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 355 words


Samsung Electronics said Tuesday that it is stopping production of Galaxy Note 7
smartphones permanently, a day after stopping global sales of the devices amid
reports that its batteries were catching fire.

The South Korean company said in a regulatory filing that it decided to stop
manufacturing Note 7s for the sake of consumer safety.

Samsung's division in Canada issued a statement asking all retail outlets to
stop sales and exchanges of the Galaxy Note 7. Beginning Thursday, Samsung Note
7 owners can take their device to the point of purchase for an exchange to a
Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 edge, the company said in a statement Tuesday.

It said consumers are alternatively entitled to a full refund for the Note 7 and
accessories for the Note 7. For customers who purchased their Samsung Note 7 on
Samsung. com, the company will be in touch to provide details regarding the
return process.

Samsung said customers seeking more information can call 1-800-SAMSUNG.

Samsung Electronics Canada, based in Mississauga, Ont., said Canadian consumers
with either an original Galaxy Note 7 or replacement Galaxy Note 7 should power
down and stop using the device.

Samsung is struggling to regain consumer trust after a first round of recalls
that prompted criticism both for the faulty devices and for the company's
handling of the problem. After the earlier recall, the company said it had
identified a manufacturing defect in the batteries of its top-of-the-line
smartphone.

It started shipping new Note 7 phones that were supposed to be safer. But
reports that the replacements were catching fire led Samsung to announce it was
stopping sales of the devices.

Authorities in the U.S. and South Korea are investigating why the replacement
Note 7 phones that Samsung equipped with a safer battery are catching fire. An
official at the South Korean safety agency said the replacement phones might
have a different defect than the problem with the original Note 7s.

Samsung's shares fell eight per cent Tuesday in Seoul, their biggest fall since
the 2008 financial crisis. And that was before the company announced it was
discontinuing the Note 7.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Shawn L. Minter Via The Associated Press; This Galaxy Note 7 caught
fire on a table in Richmond, Virginia, over the weekend.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Times Colonist
                              All Rights Reserved


                             782 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Sub-Sahara Africa Today

                            October 24, 2016 Monday

South Africa sets up Galaxy Note7 exchange kiosks at airports over ban on
flights

LENGTH: 254  words


Samsung South Africa is implementing an exchange programme with kiosks at major
local airports in an effort to support the global recall and banning of Galaxy
Note7 devices from flights, the South Korean company said on October 21.

Samsung Electronics' Galaxy Note 7 smartphone was banned on airplanes because it
was prone to catching fire.

As a precautionary measure, Samsung South Africa is setting up these exchange
kiosks at the departure points at OR Tambo, Cape Town and Durban international
airports, to help with the smooth exchange of affected devices.

Promoters at the kiosks will help all consumers with a Galaxy Note7 to quickly
replace their devices with the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge.

"Although the Galaxy Note7 has not been launched in South Africa, we are aware
that a small number of consumers managed to acquire a Note7 device by either
buying it overseas or through parallel imports," the company said in a
statement. "The safety of our customers and those passengers travelling by air
remains a priority for us and we would like to emphasise that this ban and
recall only affects the Galaxy Note7 device."

According to the statement, for customers' safety Samsung will ensure that their
personal data will be safely transferred to the new device when exchanging their
Galaxy Note7 for a Galaxy S7 Edge device.

"Customers who own or have a Galaxy Note7 in their possession will not be able
to board a plane if they have the device on them in person, in carry-on baggage
or in checked baggage," the statement noted.


LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: English

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Emerging Markets Direct Media Holdings LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             783 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   City A.M.

                            March 30, 2016 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Samsung Pay launches with nine banks in China after Apple

BYLINE: LYNSEY BARBER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 141 words


SAMSUNG will let its smartphone users in China pay with just a swipe of their
mobile as it launches Samsung Pay in the country in a partnership with China
UnionPay.

Samsung follows Apple, which launched in China in February and counted three
million cards set up with Apple Pay within the first two days. Samsung Pay will
work on Samsung's Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 edge, Galaxy S6 edge+ and Galaxy Note5
devices, with support for other models planned down the line.

Nine banks are already on board, with six further banks supporting Samsung Pay
in the future.

Both brands face competition in China from homegrown companies, with Alibaba's
Alipay and Tencent's WeChat Pay and TenPay, along with Baidu's mobile wallet
already firmly established. The value of mobile payment transactions surpassed
£261bn in the third quarter of 2015, according to iResearch.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CAM


                            Copyright 2016 City A.M.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             784 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                              July 8, 2016 Friday

Samsung flags best profit in over 2 years on strong S7 sales

LENGTH: 545  words

DATELINE: Seoul


Seoul, July 8 -- Samsung Electronics on Thursday flagged its biggest operating
profit in more than two years, boosted by cost-cutting efforts and solid sales
of its latest flagship smartphone.
 The South Korean electronics giant - also the world's top handset maker -
predicted an operating profit of 8.1 trillion won (USD 7 billion) in April to
June, up 17 percent from 6.9 trillion won a year ago.


 It is the company's biggest operating profit since the first quarter of 2014
and beat the average estimate of 7.4 trillion won from analysts surveyed by
Bloomberg News.
 Analysts attributed the better-than-expected figures to the firm's aggressive
cost-cutting efforts and brisk sales of the Galaxy S7, the latest version of its
high-end, flagship smartphone.
 "Samsung's mobile unit is believed to have performed well thanks to robust
sales of Galaxy S7s as well as an overhaul of its low- and mid-end handset
line-up," said Peter Lee, analyst at NH Investment & Securities.
 He estimated that in the second quarter the firm had sold more than 16 million
units of the S7, which was introduced in March ahead of new launches by
competitors, including Apple.
 Samsung's mobile business accounts for the lion's share of the firm's overall
profit, which has been increasingly squeezed by competition both from Apple's
iPhone and by lower-end devices from Chinese rivals like Huawei.
 Samsung shares rose 1.8 percent to about 1.45 million won in early afternoon
trade. Samsung has bolstered its mid- to low-end smartphone line-ups in a bid to
expand in emerging markets, which are growing faster than the largely saturated
high-end markets.
 The firm's aggressive cost-cutting in marketing played a key role in the strong
profit forecast, Greg Roh of HMC Investment said, warning of more competition
from Apple later this year.
 "With Apple releasing new products in the latter half of the year... I think
(Samsung's) earnings may drop in the second-half," he said.
 But the firm's semiconductor business, which produces memory chips for Samsung
gadgets as well as clients including Apple, is likely to help offset a slump in
the mobile business, Lee said.
 The semiconductor unit has helped buttress Samsung's profit margins, with its
operating profit largely outpacing the mobile business since late 2014. It
racked up operating profit of 12.8 trillion won last year, beating the 10.1
trillion won earned by the mobile unit.
 The world's number two chipmaker has dominated production of faster,
larger-capacity chips using a technology called 3D NAND.
 Samsung was the first to mass produce chips using the technology and is
producing the high-margin chips - used in mobile gadgets and hard drives for
servers - at its factories at home and in China.
 "Competitors are trying to increase their 3D NAND production capacity... but
Samsung is expected to lead the market for a while given the technological gap,"
said Kwong Sung-Ryul, analyst at Dongbu Investment and Securities.
 Thursday's forecast, which comes ahead of audited results to be released this
month, did not provide a net income figure or breakdown of divisional earnings
for the company's mobile, TV, semiconductor and display units.
 It predicted second-quarter sales of 50 trillion won, up from 48.5 trillion won
a year ago.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             785 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             March 21, 2016 Monday

Samsung Galaxy J7 press renders leaked

LENGTH: 189  words


By Tony Luke -

Apart from its flagship S7 and S7 Edge smartphones, Samsung is also known for
its mid-range lineup of smartphones. These include the Galaxy A series as well
as the Galaxy J series. While an official announcement is still to be made, the
press renders of the pending Samsung Galaxy J7 have now been leaked.

According to rumors, the Samsung J7 will come with a 5.5-inch HD Super AMOLED
display, a 1.7GHz Octa-Core Exynos 7870 SoC, 2GB of RAM, 16GB of on-board
storage, a 13-megapixel rear camera, a 5-megapixel front camera, and a 3,300 mAh
battery. MicroSD support is included, as is LTE network connectivity. It will
allegedly ship with Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow as well. It will also have a metal
chassis, which is a major upgrade from last year's plastic body.

However, it should be noted that the press renders are specific to the China
markets, but if traditions are to be followed, it will be released in other
territories. With the phone already passing FCC inspections, it is quite likely
that it will be released soon. It is also expected to sell for under $300.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/90/145856671398.jpg



LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             786 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             April 29, 2016 Friday

Samsung proves resilience with earnings surprise

LENGTH: 769 words


Tech giant Samsung Electronics has posted surprising earnings in the
January-March period on the back of strong sales of its mobile devices, beating
market estimates.

Its net profit jumped 13.6 percent to 5.25 trillion won ($4.56 billion) in the
first quarter, according to the company's regulatory filing on Thursday. The
firm's operating profit came to 6.68 trillion won -- higher than the market
estimate of some 5 trillion won -- with its revenue standing at 49.8 trillion
won. The figures were up 11.65 percent and 5.65 percent on-year, respectively.

Samsung Electronics' Galaxy S7 Edge. (Yonhap)

The IT and mobile communications division, which oversees the company's
smartphone business, saw its operating profit jump 42 percent on-year to 3.89
trillion won, taking up nearly 60 percent of the firm's operating profit.

The improvements in profits came as a surprise as many critics had often
predicted that the glory days of the world's largest handset maker as well as
Apple of the U.S. are nearing their end due mainly to dog-eat-dog competition in
the global smartphone sector.

Apple saw its revenue drop for the first time in 13 years in the fiscal second
quarter that ended March 26, due to lackluster sales of its iPhones.

Samsung, however, has been showing resilience to keep its throne. Samsung said
its marketing scheme for the Galaxy S7 that pushed forward the release date of
its flagship Galaxy handset a month earlier than usual nailed it.

"This increase (in operating profit of the mobile business) was largely due to
the early launch and strong global performance of the flagship Galaxy S7 and S7
edge, as evidenced by robust sell-out figures and low inventory levels compared
to their predecessors," the company said.ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]

The company expected that sales of its smartphones and tablet PCs would remain
flat due to seasonal factors in the second quarter, saying it would try to
maintain sales momentum with mid- and low-range smartphones, including its
Galaxy A and J lineups.

Some market watchers forecast Samsung's profit recovery in the mobile business
will likely be short lived.

"We think that a meaningful improvement in the smartphone business over the long
term is unlikely due to ever-increasing competition and narrowing product
differentiation as lower-cost competitors' handsets improve. We expect handset
margins to decline, reflecting greater competition and weaker demand growth,"
global ratings agency Fitch Ratings said in a report.

Meanwhile, Samsung's businesses for semiconductor and display products saw their
operating profits decrease.

The semiconductor business posted an operating profit of 2.63 trillion won while
the display business logged an operating loss of 270 billion won, down 0.3
percent and 0.79 percent on-year, respectively.

Some critics cited the price drop of DRAM and competition in the world's
semiconductor market as affecting Samsung's chip business, while profits for the
display business worsened due to mediocre demand in the liquid crystal display
segment.

The consumer electronics division saw its operating profit increase slightly up
by 0.7 percent on-year to 510 billion won.

The Seoul-based tech giant said it would try to focus on improving profitability
with premium TV products during the upcoming Olympics and other sporting events,
which it said would drive global demand for large-size TVs.

Samsung spent 2.1 trillion won of capital expenditure on its display business,
which is thought to have been spent on ramping up its production facilities,
including those for OLED displays. Samsung is rumored to be supplying flexible
displays for Apple's next iPhones.ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]

Samsung said it would try to maintain the sales momentum in the coming months by
rolling out mid- and low-range smartphones, including Galaxy A and J lineups. It
also plans to tighten its grip on other businesses, including semiconductor,
display and consumer electronics, by rolling out cutting-edge products.

Among the products are 14-nanometer chips, ultra high-definition TVs and solid
storage drives equipped with up-to-date 3-dimensional NAND Flash memory chips,
all of which are top-notch technologies coveted by other market players in
respective sectors.

In an apparent move to shore up its share price as well as increase dividends
for investors, Samsung said on Thursday it would buy an additional 1.3 common
stocks and 320,000 preferred shares for three months and more until the end of
this year.

The company, which had announced that it would buy back 11 trillion won worth of
stocks in total last October, has repurchased 7.4 trillion won worth of stocks
so far.

By Kim Young-won (

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             787 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                             July 14, 2016 Thursday

Confirmed! Samsung Galaxy Note 7 to be launched on August 2

LENGTH: 241  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, July 14 -- Zee Media Bureau/Rd. Alexander
 Leaks, rumours - they all got it right.


 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 will be launched on August 2 as rumoured and the South
Korean electronics giant has confirmed the same.
 The company wrote on its blogpost, "On August 2nd, Samsung Electronics will
unveil the Galaxy Note7".
 With the Note 7, Samsung will be skipping a number in its Note series - i.e.
the Note 6.
 Clarifying on this, Samsung gave a couple of reasons saying, "First, the Galaxy
Note7 will complement our Galaxy S7 and S7 edge, and unify our product
portfolio. Second, the Galaxy Note7 will minimize confusion about the latest
mobile technology from Samsung, and provide full alignment with Galaxy S
smartphone."
 About the Galaxy Note 7, the company said it was "a powerful instrument for
achievement and self-expression, and is made for those who want to get the most
from their phones - and their lives".
 "Galaxy Note7 will help people do more in work, at home and everywhere in
between. We can't wait to tell you more about it," Samsung added.
 As per recent leaks, the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 will feature a 5.7-inch QHD
Super AMOLED display with 12MP Dual Pixel rear camera plus and IP68
certification.
 It will be supported by 4GB of RAM along with a 4000 mAh battery and run on
Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow.
 The Samsung Galaxy Unpacked event will take place at 11:00 a.m. EDT (8:30 pm
IST) in New York on August 2, 2016, the company said.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             788 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             June 16, 2016 Thursday

Samsungâ[#x20ac][TM]s new Galaxy Note to feature curved screen

LENGTH: 149 words


[THE INVESTOR] Samsung Electronics is expected to adopt a curved screen for its
new Galaxy Note to replicate the sales momentum of its hot-selling Galaxy S7
Edge.

According to news reports on June 16, the Korean tech giant plans to start
rolling out the upcoming Note Phablet from July with the initial production
estimated to stand at about 2.5 million units per month.

A leaked snap of an invite graphic shared by SamMobile.

Samsung declined to confirm the reports.

The company is scheduled to hold a Galaxy Note unpacked event on Aug. 2 in New
York. Even though it is the sixth version, the new Note is widely rumored to be
named "Galaxy Note 7" in order to align its Galaxy S families.

Largely buoyed by robust sales of Edge variants, the Galaxy S7 sold almost 10
million units in the first quarter. Analysts estimate its second-quarter sales
also could surge to 15 million units.

By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             789 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Samsung unveils S7, VR devices

BYLINE: By Kim Yoo-chul

LENGTH: 710 words


Participants wear Gear VR headsets, virtual reality (VR) devices, provided by
Samsung Electronics during an announcement made by the firm at the CCIB center
in Barcelona, Spain, Sunday, on the eve of the opening of the Mobile World
Congress 2016. / YonhapZuckerberg joins Unpacked event

BARCELONA, Spain ? Samsung Electronics unveiled the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge, the
latest models in its flagship smartphone lineup, at the CCIB center here,
Sunday.

Samsung hopes the new Galaxy series will win back customers lost to Apple and
Chinese vendors.

On top of upgraded features and components, the new handsets introduce a virtual
reality (VR) ecosystem with new pairing devices the Gear 360 camera and Gear VR
headset, Samsung said.

The Gear 360 features two fisheye lenses enabling consumers to film 360 degrees
with their cameras.

Ko Dong-jin, president of Samsung's mobile business, said the company seeks to
improve people's lives with its smartphones and VR devices.

'I feel deep responsibility to hundreds of millions of people around the world
who love our products,' Ko said during a presentation. 'We can transform our
customers' lives.'

The two S7s have metal and glass designs. They have improved water resistance,
very-fine image sensors for better pixels and upgraded battery life.

'Better pixels equal better picture image,' Ko said. 'Expanded battery capacity
and life is aimed at helping consumers record their daily memorable moments with
a clearer image.'

The S7 comes with a 5.1-inch super AMOLED display, and the S7 edge with a
5.5-inch.

The new series will be available for pre-order on March 11 globally. Consumers
in selected countries will get a free Gear VR headset when they place pre-orders
during the promotion.

During the event, Ko stressed the company's move to expand Samsung Pay and its
mobile security software Samsung KNOX.

'Samsung Pay will be expanded to Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Singapore,
Spain and the United Kingdom by the end of this year,' he said.

The new models feature a rear camera with 'dual pixel' technology which helps
deliver sharper, brighter pictures even in lower lighting.

Samsung Electronics Mobile Business President Ko Dong-jin, right, poses with
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg during the Unpacked event for the new Galaxy
smartphones at the Congress Center Barcelona (CCIB), Spain, Sunday./ Courtesy of
Samsung ElectronicsMark Zuckerberg

Monday's event also had another surprise, as Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg took
the podium to talk about VR devices.

He said Samsung Electronics has made significant contributions to introducing VR
at affordable prices.

'VR is the next platform, where anyone can create and experience anything they
want,' Zuckerberg said. 'For right now, it's mostly used for gaming. That's
quickly evolving.'

Zuckerberg said VR will allow people to do lots of things in a wholly different
way ? from sitting around a virtual campfire with friends any time they want to
holding spontaneous meetings.

'That's why Facebook is investing so much in VR, so we can deliver these new
social experiences. VR is going to be the next social platform. And that's why
we're working with Samsung. Samsung is the only company that can build the OLED
screens at the scale needed to deliver the low-persistence rending, which is
necessary to make VR a mainstream technology.

'We've been working to make Facebook the best platform for 360 video. 360 videos
are even more immersive. You feel like you're actually there,' the Facebook CEO
said.

He said Facebook has created new teams with Samsung to develop new social
applications for VR.

Analysts expect the release of the two Samsung phones to reinforce its position
as this year's largest smartphone vendor.

'Mobile games generate over 85 percent of total mobile content and services
revenues. Because of this, Samsung should use the S7's gaming capabilities to
accelerate partner marketing opportunities. VR is the key tool for smartphone
manufacturers to use in 2016 to market flagship smartphone models,' said Ian
Fogg, head of mobile analysis at IHS Technology, a market research firm.

Fogg said the Gear 360 is critical to help Samsung persuade consumers it is time
to upgrade their two- or three-year-old smartphones, which cannot benefit from
new VR experiences.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             790 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                            October 14, 2016 Friday
                                 Early Edition

Galaxy Note 7 returns begin

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Briefs; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 81 words


Samsung says Canadians with Galaxy Note 7 smartphones can start returning the
devices as part of a global safety recall following reports of overheating
batteries that pose a fire hazard. Samsung Electronics Canada Inc. of
Mississauga, Ont., has advised consumers to return the phones to the stores
where they were bought. They can be exchanged for a Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 Edge
phone, or customers can opt for a full refund. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             791 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                            October 14, 2016 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Galaxy Note 7 returns begin

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Briefs; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 81 words


Samsung says Canadians with Galaxy Note 7 smartphones can start returning the
devices as part of a global safety recall following reports of overheating
batteries that pose a fire hazard. Samsung Electronics Canada Inc. of
Mississauga, Ont., has advised consumers to return the phones to the stores
where they were bought. They can be exchanged for a Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 Edge
phone, or customers can opt for a full refund. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             792 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                            October 16, 2016 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

These are the Androids you're looking for...;
keeps you up to date with the technology which future

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 637 words


SAMSUNG'S flagship Galaxy Note 7, above, was permanently withdrawn from sale on
Tuesday - because handsets were catching fire.

Having hit shelves only weeks earlier, the mobile had initially been getting
rave reviews but the feature set wasn't meant to include it doubling up as a
room heater.

So if you were planning to upgrade to the phone, what are your options now? We
know all about the iPhone 7 and Samsung's other top phone, the Galaxy S7
released back in the spring, but there are others unveiled this autumn that are
worth a look.

Here's my take on the best Android alternatives released in the last few weeks,
so just as new as the Galaxy Note 7.

Sony Xperia XZ £539.99, Carphone Warehouse Technical stuff: 5.2in display, 1080
x 1920 pixels, 23MP rear camera, 13MP front camera, waterproof.

SONY'S latest is a real corker. Its camera outstrips Samsung - this one has a
23MP sensor, laser focus (don't be frightened, it just means it's very fast) and
predictive features to ensure the best shot.

Selfies look great thanks to a 13MP frontfacing camera. It's also waterproof,
like the iPhone 7 and Galaxy S7. Sony's design is highly attractive, especially
in blue, and stands out from the crowd. You can even put it on its end, handy
for those selfies.

Pixel Phone by Google £599, Carphone Warehouse or from £50.99 a month on EE
Technical stuff: 5in display, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 12MP rear camera, 8MP front
camera. GOOGLE'S own handset, out in the next few days, has a lot to offer.

It's a sleek, beautiful gadget with a fast camera, helped along by software that
reacts fast in low light for better shots.

It also has a clever extra: Google Assistant, a voice-activated virtual personal
assistant. And it comes with unlimited free Cloud storage for photos and videos.

Honor 8 £339.99, www.Three.co.uk Technical stuff: 5.2in display, 1080 x 1920
pixels, 12MP rear camera, 8MP front camera.

THIS is another smashing, good-value phone with some tech spec beating the
iPhone or Samsung Galaxy S7, but for a lower price.

The rear dual-sensor 12MP camera sits neatly in the shell and produces sharp
shots but struggles to retain the quality in lower light.

Like the Pixel and Huawei models, the fingerprint sensor is on the back and
takes a bit of getting used to.

Sony Xperia X Compact £369.99 from O2 Technical stuff: 4.6in display, 720 x 1280
pixels, 23MP rear camera, 5MP front camera.

IF you don't want a big-screen mobile, this phone offers many of the features of
the XZ but with a more manageable 4.6in display.

Its camera has the same high resolution as the bigger phone, with the
laserassisted auto-focus thrown in as well, but the front camera is the
lowest-res in the X-series line-up. It's not waterproof either.

The X Compact has a decent battery that lasts a full day easily.

Huawei Nova/Nova Plus £320/£429 out soon Technical stuff: Nova: 5in display,
1080 x 1920 pixels, 12MP rear camera, 8MP front camera. Nova Plus: 5.5in
display, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16MP rear camera, 8MP front camera. THESE two
classy-looking phones from Huawei offer strong value and cuttingedge features
such as fingerprint sensor. The smaller phone's 12MP camera is good, but the
larger one has a 16MP version.

Both offer fast battery charging so if you run low on juice it won't take long
to be up and running again.

Alcatel Pixi 4 (5) £79.99 or £6 a month on contract, Carphone Warehouse
Technical stuff: 5in display, 480 x 854 pixels, 8MP rear camera, 5MP front
camera.

THIS is a great-value phone, especially from Carphone Warehouse.

The brackets at the end of the name indicate the screen size - 4in, 6in and 7in
display models are also available.

Resolution here is lower than rivals but it's still bright and attractive.

It has exclusive Polaroid filters for photos, while the front camera, unusually,
has a flash so selfies in low light are doable.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN


                    Copyright 2016 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                             793 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                             April 9, 2016 Saturday

Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update out to Samsung Note 4 What about Android N?

LENGTH: 335  words


Android 601 M update is now rolling out to Samsung Galaxy Note 4The electronics
manufacturer Samsung has begun torollout the Android 601 M update for the users
of Galaxy Note 4 According to reports, the new update is currently rolling out
in the US regions, Turkey, Poland and India inthe formof anOTA update.The update
weighs in at 13GB and comes with the AprilAndroid securitypatch that was
recently released by the search giant Google.

Reports also suggest that some of the features of Samsung Galaxy Note 5 have
been included in the Samsung Galaxy Note 4's update.The more granular
apppermissioncontrols and Doze standby power-saving feature are some of the
updates.

It is not known whether the tech company included the ability to adopt MicroSD
cards as internal storage or not.According to reports, the mobile carrier Sprint
has already rolled out the software to the owners of Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Other
US carriers will also release the Android Marshmallow update on their network
soon,SamMobilereported.

Several reports claim that Samsung Galaxy Note 4, Galaxy Note 5, S6 Edge, S6
Edge Plus, S7 Edge, Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S7 will be updated with Android N
operating system after it is unveiled.Rumors are also doing the rounds that
Galaxy Note 6 will come preinstalled with Android N Some reports indicate that
Samsung Galaxy S5 will also get the update.

Meanwhile, the Android 601 Marshmallow over-the-air update is rolling out to the
Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport and Galaxy S5 underSprint.The build number to Android
601 update for Samsung Galaxy S5 is G900PVPU3CPCA and the size of thefirmwareis
900 MB Also, the mobile carrier is rolling out the update in phases and,
therefore, it may take some days before it hits all the handsets.

Sprint's Galaxy S5 Sport is not available widely. Users of Samsung Galaxy S5
Sport should check for over-the-air notifications under Settings.

Samsung has also rolled out the Android 60 Marshmallow update to the Galaxy S6
edge Plus, Galaxy S6 edge, Galaxy S6 and Galaxy Note 5

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             794 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                            October 14, 2016 Friday
                                 Early Edition

Users can return Galaxy Note 7s

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Briefs; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 81 words


Samsung says Canadians with Galaxy Note 7 smartphones can start returning the
devices as part of a global safety recall following reports of overheating
batteries that pose a fire hazard. Samsung Electronics Canada Inc. of
Mississauga, Ont., has advised consumers to return the phones to the stores
where they were bought. They can be exchanged for a Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 Edge
phone, or customers can opt for a full refund. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             795 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                            October 14, 2016 Friday
                                 Early Edition

Users can return Galaxy Note 7s

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Briefs; Pg. B10

LENGTH: 81 words


Samsung says Canadians with Galaxy Note 7 smartphones can start returning the
devices as part of a global safety recall following reports of overheating
batteries that pose a fire hazard. Samsung Electronics Canada Inc. of
Mississauga, Ont., has advised consumers to return the phones to the stores
where they were bought. They can be exchanged for a Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 Edge
phone, or customers can opt for a full refund. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             796 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            October 14, 2016 Friday
                                Ontario Edition

Canadians can return Note 7s;
TICKER

BYLINE: The Canadian Press

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 145 words


Samsung says Canadians with Galaxy Note 7 smartphones can start returning the
devices Thursday as part of a global safety recall following reports of
overheating batteries that pose a fire hazard.

Samsung Electronics Canada Inc. of Mississauga has advised consumers to return
the phones to the stores where they were bought.

Devices returned to retailers and carriers can be exchanged for a Galaxy S7 or
Galaxy S7 Edge phone, or customers can opt for a full refund for the recalled
Note 7s and specific accessories.

Samsung.com customers are being offered a refund upon receipt of the Galaxy Note
7s.

Samsung Canada says it will contact customers who bought their smartphones
through Samsung.com about the return process.

The South Korean electronics giant said Tuesday it would stop making and selling
the Note 7s and advised owners to turn off and stop using the smartphones.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2016 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             797 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             July 28, 2016 Thursday

Galaxy S7 drives up Samsungâ[#x20ac][TM]s Q2 profit

LENGTH: 389 words


[THE INVESTOR] Samsung Electronics said July 28 that its operating profit
increased 18 percent on-year to 8.14 trillion won (US$7.19 billion) in the
April-June period on the back of strong sales of the firm's smartphones, the
Galaxy S7 and its Edge variant in particular.

Quarterly revenue increased 5 percent to 50.94 trillion won from a year earlier.

Samsung's IT & Mobile Communications division, in charge of the smartphone
business, posted a whopping 4.32 trillion won operating profit, up from 2.76
trillion won in the second quarter last year, accounting for 53 percent of the
company's entire operating profit.

The upbeat performance was largely driven by strong sales of the Korean tech
giant's flagship smartphone Galaxy S7 and its Edge variant, the company said.

The consumer electronics division for home appliances posted 1.3 trillion won in
operating profit, up from 0.21 trillion won in the second quarter last year.

Premium products, such as SUHD TVs, the Chef Collection refrigerator, and the
AddWash washer, contributed to the profit improvement, according to Samsung. The
firm's component businesses, however, suffered a profit decrease from a year
earlier.

Samsung's semiconductor segment saw its operating income drop 22.3 percent
on-year to 2.64 trillion won while the display business's operating profit
dipped by 74 percent to 140 billion won

A prolonged price drop in the global DRAM market is said to have undermined
Samsung's profit in the chip business.

Despite the improved production yields of liquid-crystal displays, the Korean
tech firm suffered from the price decrease of displays in the global market due
to supply glut.

The company anticipated improved demand and supply conditions will boost the
component businesses.

"Marketing expenditure for the IM business will increase mainly due to a new
flagship product (the Galaxy Note 7) launch and fierce competition in the
industry," Samsung said.

Samsung said its capital expenditure this year, an indicator of how much a
company spend to beef up infrastructure, will slightly increase compared to last
year and it will mainly focus on smartphone OLED displays and vertical NAND
flash memory chips, both of which have saw an increasing demand recently.

Samsung is expected to supply OLED displays and V-NAND memory chips for Apple's
next iPhones.

By Kim Young-won (

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             798 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       March 8, 2016 Tuesday 2:02 PM GMT

Samsung Galaxy S7's weaker processor for UK version will mean very little;
Korean firm's latest flagship smartphone comes with two processor variants -
Snapdragon 820 and Exynos 8890 - with the UK getting a less powerful version

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 612 words


The UK version of the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge will not come with
Qualcomm's latest and fastest processor the Snapdragon 820 but with the less
powerful Samsung-made Exynos 8890. Some think UK consumers are getting a raw
deal, but actually, the choice of processor doesn't matter.

Recent performance measures of the various chips released by benchmarking firm
AnTuTu have shown that not only is the Snapdragon 820 6,518 points ahead of the
Exynos 8890 (Qualcomm's scoring 136,383 to Samsung's 129,865), but even Apple's
A9 chip used in last year's iPhone 6S is 2,792 points ahead of the Samsung chip.

This may appear bad for the Exynos, but looking at the jump in processing power
over last year's top non-Apple made processors, both chips have a lead of at
least 48,000 points in AnTuTu benchmarks, the equivalent of a 60% performance
increase.

And crucially, raw performance is no longer an issue for most smartphones. Since
the chips from 2015 made significant leaps over those from 2014, smartphones
have had enough power to produce a smooth and sprightly experience for all but
the most demanding of tasks.

That means our smartphones feel faster and get work done more quickly.
Out-and-out processing power no longer matters until you attempt to perform a
processor-intensive task such as rendering video.

Most people will not be attempting to render video or crunch vast amounts of
data in seconds, instead they will email, text, browse and shoot photos. Sure,
the camera might respond a little quicker now than it did two years ago, but the
rest of the power has gone into making the whole experience snappier while
attempting to prolong battery life.

Efficiency has become the most important factor for new processors over raw
power. Meanwhile, how well optimised the software of the phone is to its
hardware has become the bigger challenge for smartphone manufacturers. Get it
right and a smartphone can feel snappy, even on lower-powered hardware, get it
wrong and it feels slow and frustrating even when running on powerful hardware.

The classic case used to be Samsung's version of Android called TouchWiz. The
Korean company used to make hundreds of modifications to the software that were
not well optimised meaning they slowed down the phone with bloated and
unnecessary frippery.

Samsung has since learned that users are sensitive to sluggish performance,
cutting back on its customisations of the standard Android experience and
producing some of the fastest-feeling smartphones available, including last
year's Galaxy S6.

Google's Nexus devices, of which the 5X and 6P are the latest versions, are also
good examples of how software optimisation is the key to making a smartphone
perform well. While the Nexus 6P has last year's most powerful chip, the
Snapdragon 810, the cheaper 5X had Qualcomm's less powerful Snapdragon 808, but
it wasn't obvious in use because of well optimised software.

The one area where raw power still counts is for games, where the graphics
processor does the heavy lifting. Here the Snapdragon 820 has a sizable lead,
but it will likely take years before games will be significantly improved to
take advantage of the extra power.

A slightly worse performing processor will mean nothing to most users in the
short term, as long as the software running on it is well designed. The bigger
question is how battery life will be impacted by the various 2016 processors. On
that the jury is still out.

A thorough review of the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge will be available later this
week after a full week of testing.


     ·    Apple's iOS needs an overhaul in the age of bigger, faster smartphones


LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             799 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                          September 10, 2016 Saturday

Apple and Samsung are readying war chests to outdo each other and make the most
of the upbeat consumer sentiment

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee & Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 736 words


NEW DELHI | KOLKATA: Apple and Samsung Electronics are set to battle it out in
the upcoming festive season in India. Cupertino-based Apple, which will look to
win over customers with the iPhone 7 and iPhone7 Plus introduced on Wednesday,
has earmarked Rs 100 crore for marketing, branding and advertising to take on
market leader Samsung, which plans to spend about Rs 125 crore in the days
leading up to Diwali.

Samsung will roll out discounts, cashbacks, exchange offers and EMI schemes on
the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge starting at the end of this week in a bid to
protect market share and keep people from buying Apple's new phones, said people
aware of the plans of the companies.

"Samsung will offer cashbacks of up to Rs 5,000 on buying an S7 or S7 edge,
besides hefty exchange prices for old smartphones," a person privy to Samsung's
plans said, requesting anonymity. Monthly instalments over 12 or 18 months with
Bajaj Finance will be offered with no down payment and buyers will be given
virtual reality headsets at Rs 1,990.

"Apple is sprucing up its reach in the smaller neighbourhood stores, too, which
will play a big role in the launch of the new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus," said a
senior executive at a leading Apple trade partner. Marketing spends will be
mostly on digital, while outdoor and print media will also be a significant part
of the mix, a senior trade executive said.

The new iPhones have generated huge interest in the grey market and dealers may
charge a premium of as much as Rs 20,000 each. Apple declined to comment, while
a Samsung India spokesperson said, "We are confident that the new innovative
product portfolio and marketing programmes will help us increase our growth
rates during the festive season."

Apple and Samsung intend to make the most of the market as a good monsoon is
expected to drive consumer purchases this festive season. Both brands are
neck-and-neck in the premium segment - devices costing upwards of Rs 30,000 -
which accounts for almost a quarter of annual smartphone sales by value.

While Samsung is No. 1 in this segment with a 49% share in the quarter ended
June, Apple improved its share to 47% from 37% in the three months ended March.
Samsung had a 62% share in March-ended quarter, according to data from Hong
Kongbased Counterpoint Technology Market Research.

Samsung had a chance to widen its lead over Apple with the iris-scanning Galaxy
Note7, but sales were halted until the month-end after some batteries exploded,
leading to a 2.5 million unit global recall. In India, Samsung will give
freebies, including accessories and content, to retain the 15,000-20,000
customers who had had booked the Note7.

Apple, which increased its focus on India since last year by announcing app and
map development centres in the country, may extend its midnight launches to some
large neighbourhood retail stores this year, besides the exclusive outlets and
large retail chains.

The company has informed trade partners that stocks of the new iPhones would
reach retailers by end-September. Retailers expect the company to cut prices of
older models, besides offering discounts and cashbacks.

Apple, which will start selling its new phones overseas on September 16, may
have taken price sensitivity of the Indian market into account this time. The
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus go on sale in India from October 7, starting at Rs
60,000 for 32 GB storage.

That's lower than Apple's 2015 flagship iPhone 6s, which was launched at Rs
62,000 for the base 16 GB model and cost and additional Rs 10,000 for the 32 GB
device.

Analysts said the price would excite consumers and may even attract some Samsung
premium segment users. Retailers expect the jet black iPhone - one of two new
colours - to be in high demand.

"The fanboys would be booking it immediately," said Vishal Tripathi, research
director at Gartner India. "A certain percentage of premium segment users who
have the buying capacity and are not locked to a certain OS may migrate to the
iPhone 7." In the grey market, there have been more enquiries about the new
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7Plus than last year and dealers said they may charge a
premium of Rs 15,000-20,000 apiece.

Official prices of the higher storage variants are yet to be released, but the
models will be priced Rs 10,000-11,000 higher than the existing one. The iPhone
7 Plus 32 GB entry model may be priced at Rs 72,000.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             800 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday

Galaxy Note 7 exchange-refund program now available in PH

LENGTH: 192  words


In light of the unfortunate demise of the Galaxy Note 7, Samsung has initiated a
worldwide exchange and refund program to retrieve the devices. The program is
now live for the Philippines.

Based on the Philippine portal on Samsung's website, customers may have their
Galaxy Note 7 replaced with a Galaxy S7 Edge at the store of purchase. If the
desired model is not currently available, customers have the option to wait for
stocks to be replenished or simply get a refund amounting to the Note 7's
suggested retail price of P39,990. Samsung will also reimburse the price
difference between the S7 Edge and the Note 7.

As for customers who got their Note 7s from a telco plan, they need only contact
their telco operators. Globe subscribers may get in touch through the 7301000
landline or 211 mobile numbers. Smart subscribers, on the other hand, can head
over to the Smart Store where the device was bought.

More details can be found in Samsung's official announcement including how to
back up data and the requirements needed to avail of the exchange. Samsung
strongly urges customers to power down and hand over their Note 7 devices for
their own safety.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                             801 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Samsung offers exchange as part of Galaxy recall

BYLINE: The Canadian Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 122 words


Samsung has released Canadian details for the 10-country recall of 2.5 million
Galaxy Note 7 smartphones following reports that some of their batteries have
exploded or caught fire.

Samsung Electronics Canada says there has been no confirmed incident in this
country, but it's offering a voluntary exchange program for its Canadian
customers.

Owners of the phone can exchange their Galaxy Note 7 for a new one. The company
says another option is to exchange the phone for a Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 Edge
through the carrier or retailer that sold the device.

Samsung says Note 7 owners can initiate the exchange the phone by visiting the
website CanadaNote7exchange.expertinquiry.com. It also has a toll-free phone
number: 1-800-517-3507.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             802 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             March 29, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung Pay launched in China in partnership with China UnionPay

LENGTH: 234  words


Samsung Electronics' mobile payment service Samsung Pay was launched in China on
Tuesday in partnership with China UnionPay.

Samsung Electronics' Samsung Pay device is displayed at Samsung headquarters in
Seoul, South Korea, Oct 29, 2015. [Photo/IC]

SEOUL - Samsung Electronics' mobile payment service Samsung Pay was launched in
China on Tuesday in partnership with China UnionPay, the South Korean company
said.

Samsung said in a statement that its mobile payment service will be available
from Tuesday to swipe your card anywhere in China.

Samsung Pay is currently available on Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 edge, Galaxy
S6 edge-plus and Galaxy Note5 in China. The service will be supported by
mid-range models in the future.

The users of those Samsung smartphones can select credit and debit cards from
nine Chinese banks, while six more Chinese banks will support the Samsung mobile
payment service in the future.

"In compliance with national laws and regulations, thanks to cooperating with
China UnionPay and many banks, we ultimately want to make Samsung Pay available
to as many consumers as possible in China, so that everyone can have the
opportunity to enjoy the simplicity, safety and convenience of this mobile
payment solution," said Injong Rhee, head of R&D, software and services of
mobile communications at Samsung.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/54/145925000988.jpg

b083fe955b6c1864677d02.jpg

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             803 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung offers exchange as part of Canadian Galaxy Note 7 recall

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 124 words


MISSISSAUGA - Samsung has released Canadian details for the 10-country recall of
2.5 million Galaxy Note 7 smartphones following reports that some of their
batteries have exploded or caught fire.

Samsung Electronics Canada says there has been no confirmed incident in this
country, but it's offering a voluntary exchange program for its Canadian
customers.

Owners of the phone can exchange their Galaxy Note 7 for a new one. The company
says another option is to exchange the phone for a Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 Edge
through the carrier or retailer that sold the device.

Samsung says Note 7 owners can initiate the exchange the phone by visiting the
website CanadaNote7exchange.expertinquiry.com. It also has a toll-free phone
number: 1-800-517-3507.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             804 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Dominion Post (Wellington, New Zealand)

                             May 28, 2016 Saturday

Four rival phones compared

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 919 words


Pat Pilcher tests four of the latest smartphones on the market.

--------------------

When it comes to the latest crop of smartphones, there's good news and bad news.

The good news is that the they're all brilliant. The not so good news is that
choosing one is even tougher than it was last year.

Feeling the pain of confused smartphone buyers, I got my hands on the latest
crop of phones to test them out. These included an iPhone SE, Samsung Galaxy S7
Edge, HTC 10 and Huawei's P9 Plus.

All the smartphone manufacturers are upping the ante. This means no matter which
you choose, you're almost guaranteed to get a great device.

This also makes choosing which device to buy a tricky undertaking.

Each device is scored using the scale of 1 (poor) through to 5 (excellent) for
design, display, camera and operating system.

iPhone SE ($749)

Design and build

Its sharp edges and squarish design stand out against the curvy smartphones in
this roundup. It might not be original, but the build quality is hard to fault.

Score 3/5

Display

The SE sports what Apple calls a retina display. This is marketing speak for
resolutions so high that pixels are unnoticeable at typical viewing distances.
Its 4-inch display is small and the 800:1 contrast ratio is also lower than that
of the other phones in this roundup.

Score 3/5

Camera

The iPhone SE packs the same 12MP camera as the iPhone 6s. It has received a lot
of favourable reviews. This is thanks to features such as Focus Pixels, and 4K
video at 30fps. The sensor has increased resolution, improved autofocus speed,
and better noise reduction.

Score 3/5

OS

iOS is a strong point with any iDevice. Apple is fanatical about design and
usability. Lots of subtle yet clever features are built into IOS 9.3. It's
attractive and is a delight to use.

Score 4/5

Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge ($1399)

Design and build

When it comes to design, Samsung is one of the few device makers still
innovating. Where most smartphones are rectangular slabs with screens, the S7
Edge stands out thanks to its curved screen.

Score 4/5

Display

Given Samsung's history of making screens, it is little wonder that the S7's
display is a benchmark for most other phones. Its standout feature is the curved
screen edges. Unfortunately, few apps utilise the edge screen aside from
Samsung's own apps.

Score 4/5

Camera

The S7 Edge's camera has received a lot of praise. This is due to its low-light
performance. Samsung also incorporated a "Dual Pixel Sensor" for phase detection
autofocus. This means that out-of- focus shots occur far less often.

Score 4/5

OS

If there is one weak point with the S7 Edge it is TouchWiz, Samsung's Android
skin. Although there's less bloat than with earlier Galaxy devices, some lag is
still noticeable. This is most evident when it is pushed hard with demanding
apps and/or games.

Score 4/5

HTC 10 ($999)

Design and Build

The HTC 10 feels solid. It doesn't bring much of anything new to the design
table, looking a lot like HTC's earlier A9. An all-metal body sports a curved
design, but it is a bit thicker compared to the svelte Huawei P9 Plus.

Score 3/5

Display

The 5.2-inch display is nice but it lacks the vibrancy of the S7 Edge. On its
own merits, the HTC 10 has one of the best LCD displays I've seen.

Score 4/5

Camera

As with its recent siblings, the HTC 10 packs an UltraPixel sensor. This is
marketing speak for larger pixels in the image sensor. The theory being that
these bigger pixels capture more light for stronger low-light performance.

Score 3/5

OS

HTC worked with Google to craft the interface. It's about as close to stock
Android as it is possible to get. Application duplication and bloat were almost
non-existent.

Score 4/5

Huawei P9 Plus ($1299)

Design and build

Huawei used to be synonymous with cheap smartphones. Not anymore. The P9 Plus is
the larger sibling to the P9 and sports the same high-end design as the P8 with
several subtle tweaks. These include a 7mm alloy chassis, chamfered edges and
curved gorilla glass front.

Score 4/5

Display

The display on the P9 Plus is a definite step up. It has a bigger 5.5 inch
screen and offers vibrant colours and solid contrast levels. It is excellent but
isn't quite as crisp as the S7 Edge.

Score 3/5

Camera

If there's a killer feature with the P9 Plus, it is the cameras (the P9 Plus has
dual rear shooters). A near complete lack of artefacts, accurate colour and
plenty of detail make the P9 Plus's camera the best in this roundup.

Score 5/5

OS

Huawei has overlaid Android Marshmallow with their own custom EMUI skin. The
lack of an app drawer might deter some but will appeal to IOS users making the
leap across to Android. EMUI by default has a cartoony look, but there are other
themes available.

Score 3/5

Verdict

The competition was tight. This is best summarised by the fact that there was
only a four-point spread across all the devices tested.

Samsung's S7 Edge is the winner. It might not have earned a 5 anywhere, but it
scored 4s across the board, giving it a score of 16 out of 20. An excellent
camera and design saw Huawei's P9 Plus claim the second spot, rating 15 out of
20.

HTCs 10 scooped the third place thanks to its clean Android UI and gorgeous
display, scoring 14 out of 20. Considering it's a budget iDevice going up
against flagship phones, the iPhone SE did well. It might've placed at the
bottom of the devices tested, but it is still a solid choice for iOS fans
wanting an affordable upgrade.

--------------------

CAPTION:

The main players: The iPhone SE, left. Above: The HTC 10. Right: The Samsung S7
Edge. Far right: Huawei P9 Plus.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             805 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                             May 28, 2016 Saturday

Four rival phones compared

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 919 words


Pat Pilcher tests four of the latest smartphones on the market.

--------------------

When it comes to the latest crop of smartphones, there's good news and bad news.

The good news is that the they're all brilliant. The not so good news is that
choosing one is even tougher than it was last year.

Feeling the pain of confused smartphone buyers, I got my hands on the latest
crop of phones to test them out. These included an iPhone SE, Samsung Galaxy S7
Edge, HTC 10 and Huawei's P9 Plus.

All the smartphone manufacturers are upping the ante. This means no matter which
you choose, you're almost guaranteed to get a great device.

This also makes choosing which device to buy a tricky undertaking.

Each device is scored using the scale of 1 (poor) through to 5 (excellent) for
design, display, camera and operating system.

iPhone SE ($749)

Design and build

Its sharp edges and squarish design stand out against the curvy smartphones in
this roundup. It might not be original, but the build quality is hard to fault.

Score 3/5

Display

The SE sports what Apple calls a retina display. This is marketing speak for
resolutions so high that pixels are unnoticeable at typical viewing distances.
Its 4-inch display is small and the 800:1 contrast ratio is also lower than that
of the other phones in this roundup.

Score 3/5

Camera

The iPhone SE packs the same 12MP camera as the iPhone 6s. It has received a lot
of favourable reviews. This is thanks to features such as Focus Pixels, and 4K
video at 30fps. The sensor has increased resolution, improved autofocus speed,
and better noise reduction.

Score 3/5

OS

iOS is a strong point with any iDevice. Apple is fanatical about design and
usability. Lots of subtle yet clever features are built into IOS 9.3. It's
attractive and is a delight to use.

Score 4/5

Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge ($1399)

Design and build

When it comes to design, Samsung is one of the few device makers still
innovating. Where most smartphones are rectangular slabs with screens, the S7
Edge stands out thanks to its curved screen.

Score 4/5

Display

Given Samsung's history of making screens, it is little wonder that the S7's
display is a benchmark for most other phones. Its standout feature is the curved
screen edges. Unfortunately, few apps utilise the edge screen aside from
Samsung's own apps.

Score 4/5

Camera

The S7 Edge's camera has received a lot of praise. This is due to its low-light
performance. Samsung also incorporated a "Dual Pixel Sensor" for phase detection
autofocus. This means that out-of- focus shots occur far less often.

Score 4/5

OS

If there is one weak point with the S7 Edge it is TouchWiz, Samsung's Android
skin. Although there's less bloat than with earlier Galaxy devices, some lag is
still noticeable. This is most evident when it is pushed hard with demanding
apps and/or games.

Score 4/5

HTC 10 ($999)

Design and Build

The HTC 10 feels solid. It doesn't bring much of anything new to the design
table, looking a lot like HTC's earlier A9. An all-metal body sports a curved
design, but it is a bit thicker compared to the svelte Huawei P9 Plus.

Score 3/5

Display

The 5.2-inch display is nice but it lacks the vibrancy of the S7 Edge. On its
own merits, the HTC 10 has one of the best LCD displays I've seen.

Score 4/5

Camera

As with its recent siblings, the HTC 10 packs an UltraPixel sensor. This is
marketing speak for larger pixels in the image sensor. The theory being that
these bigger pixels capture more light for stronger low-light performance.

Score 3/5

OS

HTC worked with Google to craft the interface. It's about as close to stock
Android as it is possible to get. Application duplication and bloat were almost
non-existent.

Score 4/5

Huawei P9 Plus ($1299)

Design and build

Huawei used to be synonymous with cheap smartphones. Not anymore. The P9 Plus is
the larger sibling to the P9 and sports the same high-end design as the P8 with
several subtle tweaks. These include a 7mm alloy chassis, chamfered edges and
curved gorilla glass front.

Score 4/5

Display

The display on the P9 Plus is a definite step up. It has a bigger 5.5 inch
screen and offers vibrant colours and solid contrast levels. It is excellent but
isn't quite as crisp as the S7 Edge.

Score 3/5

Camera

If there's a killer feature with the P9 Plus, it is the cameras (the P9 Plus has
dual rear shooters). A near complete lack of artefacts, accurate colour and
plenty of detail make the P9 Plus's camera the best in this roundup.

Score 5/5

OS

Huawei has overlaid Android Marshmallow with their own custom EMUI skin. The
lack of an app drawer might deter some but will appeal to IOS users making the
leap across to Android. EMUI by default has a cartoony look, but there are other
themes available.

Score 3/5

Verdict

The competition was tight. This is best summarised by the fact that there was
only a four-point spread across all the devices tested.

Samsung's S7 Edge is the winner. It might not have earned a 5 anywhere, but it
scored 4s across the board, giving it a score of 16 out of 20. An excellent
camera and design saw Huawei's P9 Plus claim the second spot, rating 15 out of
20.

HTCs 10 scooped the third place thanks to its clean Android UI and gorgeous
display, scoring 14 out of 20. Considering it's a budget iDevice going up
against flagship phones, the iPhone SE did well. It might've placed at the
bottom of the devices tested, but it is still a solid choice for iOS fans
wanting an affordable upgrade.

--------------------

CAPTION:

The main players: The iPhone SE, left. Above: The HTC 10. Right: The Samsung S7
Edge. Far right: Huawei P9 Plus.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             806 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Niagara Falls Review

                           August 17, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

No phones for you!; North Korea confiscates Galaxy S7 Edge smartphones Samsung
planned to gift to its Olympians

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 354  words


Samsung, a major Rio 2016 sponsor, came to Brazil this month bearing gifts: an
Olympicthemed smartphone for every athlete at the Games. Most delegations
accepted the Galaxy S7 Edge phones - decorated with the Olympic rings and
Gamescentric wallpapers - without second thought.

But not North Korea. The country's Olympic committee reportedly withheld the
complimentary S7s from its 31 Olympians, preventing them from displaying the
North Korean flag on the phone's "flag app" during the Games' opening ceremony
on Aug. 5. "(The athletes) can use the entire screen of the S7 to become a
flag," Pio Schunker, a Samsung marketing official, told the Associated Press
before the opening ceremony. "They will be waving (their) national flag through
the S7."

North Korea, though, may have been suspicious of Samsung's intentions, according
to a report from Radio Free Asia. An International Olympic Committee
spokesperson said a North Korean manager confiscated the phones from a Samsung
Olympic office - possibly, they said, to stop the country's Olympians from
visiting the office, where Samsung, a South Korean company, was showcasing more
of its electronics.

"Smartphones would ... raise the suspicions of a North Korean government that
takes great pains to control citizens' contact with the outside world," RFA
wrote.

Samsung confirmed the North Korean manager took the delegation's allotment of
phones. Rio 2016 organizers identified the manager as Yoon Sungbum, but couldn't
say whether or not they were eventually distributed to the athletes.

Kim Song I, a North Korean table tennis player, reportedly shook her head
wordlessly when asked by RFA last week if she had been given one of the Samsung
phones.

South Korean Olympians that have competed against North Korea before told RFA
that the country's confiscation act isn't new; they said North Korean offi-cials
regularly seize gifts their athletes are meant to receive at world events.

North Korea has sent athletes to every Summer Games since 1972, except for two:
the 1984 Olympics in Los Angeles and 1988 in Seoul. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey
Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / (See hardcopy for photo);

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Niagara Falls Review
                              All Rights Reserved


                             807 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                         May 9, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

New leaked specifications about Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Advanced

BYLINE: John DiPietro

LENGTH: 658  words


Technology bloggers and market analysts are always interested in the information
that continues making rounds online regarding newest smartphone models under
development at major technology companies. Interesting details have been
unveiled about the Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Advanced. It is said that the
unannounced tablet is expected to have a 10-inch display with a resolution of
1,280 x 800 pixels.

As per rumors, there will be an octa-core processor and 2GB of RAM. Also, the
tablet will have the latest Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system. Samsung's
offering is expected to come with 32 GB of on-board storage.

For users finding 32GB storage as less, there will be an option to expand the
storage capacity of the tablet. The Galaxy Tab 4 Advanced may also have
5-megapixel rear-facing and 2-megapixel front-facing cameras. It is also said
that the features, including autofocus, flash, and face detection that were not
present in the Galaxy Tab 4, will be present in the Advanced model.

The tablet is estimated to measure 243.4 x 176.4 x 7.9 mm and weigh 487 g.
Customers can expand the storage to up to 128 GB with a microSD card. Images
have been leaked of the Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Advanced and if they are true then
it is just a modest jump from its predecessor.

After going through the specifications, customers should hope that the Samsung
tablet will be available at a pocket-friendly price. Samsung is yet to confirm
any details about Galaxy Tab 4 Advanced.

"The moment came when I picked up my S7 off the glass coffee table where it had
been sitting. I can't say exactly how it happened, but the combination of me
stretching across the sofa, a poor finger-and-thumb grip, and the S7's slippery
curved front glass meant that, at about 10 inches above the table, it fell out
of my hand," according to a news report published by Tech Spot.

When the glass edge of the phone collided with the glass of the table I
initially didn't panic. It was, after all, a small fall. I'd already watched
YouTube video showing that while the S7 wasn't exactly durable, it can survive
drops from a much greater height. The caveat being, unfortunately, that the
device is very vulnerable if its edge hits a surface at a certain angle, which,
as my luck would have it, is exactly the way mine landed.

According to a report in Tech Times by Sumit Passary, "A Tech Times report
suggested that the Galaxy Tab 4 Advanced tablet was spotted at GFXBench with
model number SM-T536. The report highlighted that the unannounced tablet is
expected to sports a 10-inch display with a resolution of 1,280 x 800 pixels."

Rumors have also indicated that an octa-core processor and 2 GB of RAM will
power the Galaxy Tab 4 Advanced and the tablet will come running on the latest
Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system. The Samsung offering is expected to
come with 32 GB of on-board storage. Some tablet enthusiasts may not find the
storage sufficient and Samsung may address the issue with a microSD card slot,
which can be used for expanding the storage capacity of the tablet.

A report published in Androidcentral informed, "Samsung has launched the Galaxy
J5 2016 and the Galaxy J7 2016 in India. The Galaxy J5 is available in the
country for ?13,990, with the Galaxy J7 debuting at ?15,990. Both come with
Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow out of the box, offer 13MP cameras at the back and 5MP
front shooters, and feature a metal frame around the sides. The phones will be
up for sale starting later today on Flipkart."

The Galaxy J5 2016 offers a 5.2-inch 720p Super AMOLED display, 1.2GHz quad-core
Snapdragon 410 SoC, 2GB of RAM, 16GB internal memory, microSD slot (up to
128GB), and a 3100mAh battery. The Galaxy J7 2016 comes with a larger 5.5-inch
720p display, and is powered by a 1.6GHz octa-core Exynos 7870 SoC with 3GB of
RAM and 16GB storage along with a 3300mAh battery. The phones also come with LTE
connectivity, and feature the S Bike Mode that debuted on the Galaxy J3.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             808 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 12, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Samsung May Lose Crown

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: BRANDS: CREATING DESIRE

LENGTH: 685 words


Samsung Electronics could lose up to 25% of its sales in India -and its
longstanding No. 1 ranking -in the premium smartphone segment in the current
quarter after scrapping the production and sale of the troubled Galaxy Note 7
globally.

The world's largest phone maker \x93stopped sales and exchanges of the Galaxy
Note 7\x93 and \x93consequently decided to stop production\x93 of the device,
citing consumer safety concerns, according to a statement from Samsung on
Tuesday.

The company had said earlier it was temporarily adjusting Note 7's production
schedule, but now it has pulled the plug on the device completely due to
incidents of fire erupting in models handed out to replace recalled devices.

\x93Samsung could lose 20-25% of sales in the premium segment in the
October-December quarter in India,\x93 said Tarun Pathak, a senior analyst at
Counterpoint Technology Market Research. \x93(We estimate) Apple to reach 60%
share by volumes during this period,\x93 he added, reasoning that Samsung,
\x93did not have a substitute product to back up the Note 7 like the Galaxy S6
Edge+ it had last year.\x93

Analysts had expected a milder impact on market share because of delayed sales
and the sharp revision comes after the device was scrapped on Tuesday. Although
the premium

segment accounts for only a small fraction of the market by volume, it makes up
over a quarter of the industry's revenue and commands high margins.

The absence of new products in this segment, especially during the festive
season when demand and purchases peak, would be a hard-hitting loss for Samsung,
analysts said.

Samsung had a 62% share of the premium segment in the January-March quarter,
while Apple was a distant second with a 37% share. In the following quarter
ended June, Apple narrowed the gap with a 47% share although Samsung still led
with 49%, as per Counterpoint Research data. As of August, Samsung had a 57%
share of the premium segment, according to CyberMedia Research (CMR), while
Apple had 32%.

\x93These rankings will now dra

matically change and Apple will jump to the No. 1spot,\x93 said Faisal Kawoosa,
a senior analyst at CMR, adding that a tieup offering iPhone 7 buyers free
access to Reliance Jio services for over a year will help the Cupertino-based
smartphone maker to gain.

The Galaxy Note 7 was to have gone on sale in India from September 2, a month
ahead of Apple's iPhone 7. That got delayed as the South Korean company recalled
2.5 million devices sold elsewhere after reports of the phones catching fire.

Samsung said it identified the cause of fires as faulty batteries and recently
started distributing replacement devices. However, after reports of some re

placement phones also catching fire, the company decided to stop production
altogether.

In India, Samsung had about

15,000-20,000 bookings for the Note 7. Retailers told ET that they had already
started informing customers that their devices won't be coming. \x93We're
planning to be pro-active and we're cancelling orders and refunding token money
taken as advances,\x93 said the CEO of a leading retail chain, who did not want
to be identified.

Sources said that Samsung would offer refunds to consumers who had booked the
Note 7 and is likely to give offers on the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge models.
However, industry insiders said Samsung will be more concerned about the impact
of the Note 7 on the brand and the perception on its other products.

\x93Consumers expect top quality in a flagship, but with situations like this,
that trust gets shaken because people will think twice before buying a Samsung
device,\x93 said a senior executive who asked not to be identified.

Analysts said customers in the '15,000-30,000 mid segment who typically look to
upgrade to higher-end phones during the festive season around Diwali will now
find their options limited to Apple's iPhone 7 and older Samsung models \xAD
Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge.

\x93Samsung is still five months away from its upcoming flagship (rumoured to be
S8) with a crucial festive and year-ending season involved within. This is going
to be a tough, long wait for Samsung,\x93 Pathak said.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             809 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Brantford Expositor

                            August 18, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

No phones for you!; North korea confiscates galaxy s7 edge smartphones samsung
planned to gift to its olympians

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 354  words


Samsung, a major Rio 2016 sponsor, came to Brazil this month bearing gifts: an
Olympic-themed smartphone for every athlete at the Games. Most delegations
accepted the Galaxy S7 Edge phones - decorated with the Olympic rings and
Gamescentric wallpapers - without second thought.

But not North Korea. The country's Olympic committee reportedly withheld the
complimentary S7s from its 31 Olympians, preventing them from displaying the
North Korean flag on the phone's "flag app" during the Games' opening ceremony
on Aug. 5. "(The athletes) can use the entire screen of the S7 to become a
flag," Pio Schunker, a Samsung marketing official, told the Associated Press
before the opening ceremony. "They will be waving (their) national flag through
the S7."

North Korea, though, may have been suspicious of Samsung's intentions, according
to a report from Radio Free Asia. An International Olympic Committee
spokesperson said a North Korean manager confiscated the phones from a Samsung
Olympic office - possibly, they said, to stop the country's Olympians from
visiting the office, where Samsung, a South Korean company, was showcasing more
of its electronics.

"Smartphones would ... raise the suspicions of a North Korean government that
takes great pains to control citizens' contact with the outside world," RFA
wrote.

Samsung confirmed the North Korean manager took the delegation's allotment of
phones. Rio 2016 organizers identified the manager as Yoon Sungbum, but couldn't
say whether or not they were eventually distributed to the athletes.

Kim Song I, a North Korean table tennis player, reportedly shook her head
wordlessly when asked by RFA last week if she had been given one of the Samsung
phones.

South Korean Olympians that have competed against North Korea before told RFA
that the country's confiscation act isn't new; they said North Korean offi-cials
regularly seize gifts their athletes are meant to receive at world events.

North Korea has sent athletes to every Summer Games since 1972, except for two:
the 1984 Olympics in Los Angeles and 1988 in Seoul. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey
Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / (See hardcopy for photo);

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Brantford Expositor
                              All Rights Reserved


                             810 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Recall details released for Galaxy Note 7

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Business Briefs; Pg. N7

LENGTH: 137 words

DATELINE: MISSISSAUGA


Samsung has released Canadian details for the 10-country recall of2.5 million
Galaxy Note 7 smartphones following reports that some of their batteries have
exploded or caught fire. Samsung Electronics Canada says there has been no
confirmed incident in this country, but it ' s offering a voluntary exchange
program for its Canadian customers. Samsung ' s parent company said last week
that it would set up a product exchange after it confirmed 35 cases of Note 7s
that exploded or caught fire due to defective batteries from one supplier.
Owners of the phone in Canada can exchange their Galaxy Note 7 for a new one.
The company says another option is to exchange the phone for a Galaxy S7 or
Galaxy S7 Edge through the carrier or retailer that sold the device.
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             811 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Ringing up what might be shown at Mobile World Congress;
Annual event showcases what's next for smartphones

BYLINE: Raju Mudhar Tech Reporter

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. S8

LENGTH: 620 words


The latest in smartphones and telecommunications gear is set to debut at the
annual Mobile World Congress in Barcelona on Monday.

In the past few years, it was the place BlackBerry teased the slider phone that
became the Priv, and HTC wowed with the first look at its Vive virtual reality
headset.

This industry event sets the stage for what's coming next in the world of
handset technology. Here's a look at what to expect:

Tech trends

Perhaps the biggest trend this year will come from the major player who won't
even be at the World Mobile Congress. The absent Apple is rumoured to be
bringing a smaller phone, the 5Se, to market in March.

It will be interesting to see if other smartphone makers will also try to fill
out the smaller end of their product lineups at Barcelona. Also likely to
generate buzz are virtual and augmented reality, with Samsung and HTC giving
some updates on their Gear VR and Vive headsets. Overall, the congress will
likely show 2016 to be more an evolutionary than a revolutionary year, with 4K
screens, bigger batteries and metal bodies likely to feature prominently.

Flagship phones

This is what this conference is all about - phone-makers rolling out their
high-end devices. Samsung is preparing to show off the Samsung Galaxy S7, S7
Edge and perhaps the S7 Galaxy Edge Plus. Rumours are that it might be a little
cheaper than last year's model and, catching up with Apple, may have
pressure-sensitive screens and some version of live photos. The distinctive Edge
screen feature may open up for more functionality and the phone may be
waterproof.

LG has already teased the LG G5, which may have an always-on screen that
constantly displays basic info such as time and date. HTC is also rumoured to
launch the new One M10, with possibly a higher-resolution screen. BlackBerry
will also be on hand, rumoured to show off its Vienna, a lower cost Android
phone with a physical keyboard.

Wearables

Wearables still rule, with the growing product category looking to fill a real
niche for consumers.

Chipmaker Qualcomm has announced Snapdragon Wear, a new chip set for
smartwatches.

There are rumours of refreshes of smartwatches for the existing players in the
field, although nothing had leaked prior to the event.

Dot Inc., a firm owned by Korean-based electronics company SK-Telecom, announced
that it would be introducing the world's first Braille smartwatch, which sounds
like a good idea.

LG is also rumoured to be bringing out another phone with a stylus.

Samsung is reportedly launching a smart shoe, because obviously wrist fitness
trackers are just so pass#233;.

Mobile Payments

This is an area that sparks dollar signs in the eyes of every player in the
market, but despite a growing number of options, consumers have yet to embrace
the idea of using their smartphone to pay for things.

LG reportedly pulled its LG Pay service apparently because it didn't want to
take the focus away from its G5 phone, or because it didn't have enough support
from major credit card vendors.

There are smaller players making announcements, but Visa is also making its way
to Barcelona to talk about the future of mobile payments. The company recently
bought a 10-per-cent stake in Square and, like everyone, wants to cash in on
this.

Down the road?

Following on the heels of last week's announcement of the Reflex, a bendable
phone prototype created by the Human Media Lab at Queen's University, there will
likely be a few high-concept phones showing some kind of bendable technology.

As well, there will definitely be some noise about 5G, although most experts
feel it likely won't become a real thing for consumers for a few more years, as
there are still regulatory issues to be worked out in several jurisdictions.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                             812 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  News Tonight

                        July 24, 2016 Sunday 6:30 AM EST

YouTube video shows instantaneous eye detection by Samsung Galaxy Note 7 iris
scanner

BYLINE: Sonwabile Makoni

LENGTH: 230  words


A video recently posted to YouTube has offered the first peak at how the iris
scanner on Samsung's forthcoming Galaxy Note 7 handset will work.

The handset is scheduled to be unveiled by Samsung on August 2, at the 'Samsung
Unpacked' event.

According to the video, which was originally published on China's Weibo, the
Samsung Galaxy Note 7 iris scanner works in such a way that it gives the
smartphone a lightning-fast capability to detect the eyes of the user, and then
instantly unlock the screen.

The video shows that, as a result of the introduction of iris scanner on the
Samsung Galaxy Note 7, the smartphone's lock screen will be split into two
halves --- the top section of the lock screen will be for the iris scanner, and
the bottom section for the standard pattern/PIN unlock mechanism.

In addition, the users of the Galaxy Note 7 will also seemingly have the ability
to use a fingerprint sensor embedded in the handset's home button to unlock the
phone, similar to the unlocking mechanism on the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge handsets.

Meanwhile, with the YouTube video showing that the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 iris
scanner is so responsive that it can carry out eye detection instantaneously, it
is apparent that Samsung is coming up with a very compelling handset, especially
at a time when smartphone users have become increasingly aware about the
protection of their personal data.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2016 S. G. Infotech Enterprises Pvt. Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             813 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            i-Independent Print Ltd

                                 March 25, 2016
                                 First Edition

Smartphones The 10 Best...;
Due an upgrade? David Phelan rounds up the competition

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 46

LENGTH: 451 words


{1} HTC ONE A9 If you like the design of an iPhone but prefer Google's Android
operating system, the A9 is a wise choice. It has a pristine 5in display and
13-megapixel camera. HTC's customisation of Android is excellent.

£357.45, amazon.co.uk {2} APPLE iPHONE 6S PLUS This is the biggest-screened
iPhone with a gorgeous, high-resolution, 5.5in display and impeccable
12-megapixel camera. It has amassive range of apps, excellent voice recognition
and 3D Touch, where you press harder for extra functions. From £619,
apple.com/uk {3} APPLE iPHONE SE The newest iPhone, has a 4in screen which feels
much more suited to smaller hands - and pockets. It's the lowest priced iPhone
ever, but still includes a blazing-fast processor, a 12-megapixel camera capable
of shooting 4K video, and more. From £359, apple.com/uk {4} LG G5 The G5 is
different to other smartphones: the base slides off so you can insert a new
battery or attach a grip for the 16-megapixel camera. It has an always-on screen
that shows the time even when it's sleeping (and uses barely any battery). £529,
amazon.co.uk {5} MICROSOFT LUMIA 950 This is like having a full computer on your
phone. It uses a version of Windows 10 so will be familiar (but very different
from Android or Apple). You can even connect it to a display, keyboard and mouse
via a display dock. There's a 20-megapixel camera and 5.2in screen.

£399.99, johnlewis.com {6} NEXTBIT ROBIN The Robin has 32GB of storage built in,
plus 100GB more in the cloud. When the phone gets full, it automatically
transfers stuff to the cloud. The refreshing design incorporates a good 5.2in
display and decent 13-megapixel camera. £277.20, nextbit.com {7} SAMSUNG GALAXY
S7 EDGE This has a dazzling design, fast processor, 12-megapixel camera and
strong battery life. The 5.5in screen is as big as the iPhone 6s Plus but feels
easier to hold. The best Android smartphone on the market.

£639.99, selfridges.com {8} HONOR 5X This has a slick aluminium build, excellent
5.5in display, 13-megapixel camera. and a second sim card slot to run two
numbers. Battery life's decent and there's a nippy processor. Excellent value.
£189.99, three.co.uk {9} SAMSUNG GALAXY S7 If you like the latest Galaxy but
prefer a smaller screen, choose the S7 with its 5.1in display. It packs the same
camera, performance and battery life as the S7 Edge into a more conventional
styling. Both will run Samsung Pay later this year. £606.55, amazon.co.uk {10}
SONY XPERIA Z5 PREMIUM Many phones shoot 4K video, but only this one, with its
exceptionally high-quality screen, can play it back in full resolution. There's
a powerful 23-megapixel camera and a discreet fingerprint sensor. £599.99,
carphonewarehouse.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: III


                    Copyright 2016 Independent Print Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             814 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Khaleej Times (United Arab Emirates)

                             October 2, 2016 Sunday

Gitex Shopper: The hottest deals on smart gadgets

BYLINE: Staff Report

LENGTH: 388 words


Gitex Shopper 2016 is putting on the smartest display of new technology models
at the best possible prices.

With over a third of the world's population projected to own a smartphone by
next year - an estimated 2.6 billion smartphone users - it is likely that almost
all Middle East-based consumers own - or will own - at least one smartphone.



Visitors to the show, which runs until Saturday (October 8) at the Dubai World
Trade Centre will find the world's top technology companies and the region's
power retailers offering fantastic deals on smartphone devices, including the
iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge, HTC 10, LG 5G and Sony
Xperia Z5 among others.

Axiom, one of the biggest mobile retail chains in the UAE and Saudi Arabia, is
showcasing the latest smartphones from the world's top technology brands. Fahad
Al Bannai, CEO of axiom, said: "The UAE is home to a tech-savvy population,
including many early adopters who are eager to get their hands on the latest
mobile innovations. Gitex Shopper gives us the opportunity to reconnect with our
customers and bring the hottest products to the region's biggest show for
consumer electronics.

"This year, our new offers include the Huawei Honor 8, the Samsung Galaxy S7
Edge as well as the world's most secure Android smartphone - the BlackBerry
DTEK50, and the much-anticipated iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Of course, this
will all be combined with a host of value-packed deals and promotions, including
discounted prices and giveaways."

Commenting on their activities at this year's Gitex Shopper, Nadeem Khanzadah,
Jumbo Group's head of omni-channel retail, said: "We are showcasing the latest
and most comprehensive line-up of products, along with a fabulous range of
competitive offers, promotions and premium giveaways like no other retailer. We
have the much-awaited iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus at the show as well as Sony's
latest Xperia XZ."

Emax also has big plans and offers for Gitex Shopper visitors, according to CEO
Srikant Gokhale. "We have an exciting line-up of the latest and trendiest
smartphones with some great deals. We are expecting to see keen interest across
all flagship brands, especially with the new launches of iPhone 7, Huawei Honor
8 and LG Powercam."

- abdulbasit@khaleejtimes.com

http://imgs.syndigate.info/28/44/10/147549499626.jpg



LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 44


   Copyright 2016 Khaleej Times - Galadari Printing and Publishing Co. L.L.C.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             815 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                             August 12, 2016 Friday

Samsung Note 7 to be fully made in India

BYLINE: Express News Service

LENGTH: 285  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


Samsung on Thursday announced that its new flagship, the Galaxy Note7, a fully
made-in-India smartphone with a dual curved edge display, will go on sale from
September 2 at R59,900.

"We have a huge base of Galaxy Note users in India and we are going to harness
that. There is also a lot of interest in the new features and that will open up
new markets. With the S7 we now have a strong portfolio to address the market,"
Manu Sharma, vice president, mobile business, Samsung India told
IndianExpress.com.

Sharma said all Samsung devices are now manufactured in India, including the
Note7.

Samsung Galaxy Note7 is also the first Android flagship to feature an Iris
Scanner. Samsung says 70% mobile users doing banking transactions on their
device are concerned about personal information leak. "With Iris Scanner, we
have added another layer of security, which is more secure than the existing
fingerprint recognition technology," he said.

Samsung, which recently started offering its Galaxy devices in the enterprise
sector with Knox Security option, is pitching the Galaxy Note7 as the ultimate
productivity device. Samsung Galaxy Note7 comes with a Secure Folder option that
allows users to keep personal and private information separate and secure on
their device.

Samsung Galaxy Note7 is also the first smartphone to feature HDR mode and
natively offers option to reduce the resolution of the device. "We are doing
more than ever with our smartphone and with Note7, we have tried to make
smartphone less complicated and more user oriented," he added.

With Galaxy Note7 becoming similar to Galaxy S7 edge, Samsung is focusing
primarily on business users who will use its S Pen more as the common method of
interaction.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             816 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                           October 12, 2016 Wednesday

Note 7 buyers in Thailand offered compensation

LENGTH: 101  words


Thai Samsung Electronics has offered a refund to Thai customers who ordered and
paid a deposit for its now discontinued Galaxy Note 7 phone, plus a "comfort"
gift.

Customers can choose to buy one of its other models at 10,000 baht for a Galaxy
S7, Galaxy S7 Edge or Galaxy Note 5, and get a set of headphones free.

Customers can also choose to cancel the order and receive a 2,000-baht cash
voucher.

The offer is valid from Oct 21 to Nov 31.

The announcement follows the global discontinuation of sales of the Galaxy Note
7 model, which has a problem with exploding batteries the company seems unable
to fix.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             817 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung widens strategy with virtual reality camera

BYLINE: BRIAN X. CHEN

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 362 words

ABSTRACT

The Gear 360, which records 360-degree videos, will go on sale later this year.
The company also announced two new Galaxy smartphones.

FULL TEXT

With competition continuing to heat up in the handset market, Samsung
Electronics is relying heavily on virtual reality to help distinguish its
smartphones.

The South Korean manufacturer, which is the world's largest phone maker by
units, announced on Sunday two new Galaxy smartphones along with the Gear 360, a
camera for recording virtual reality videos. The company made the announcements
at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain.

The Gear 360 accompanies Samsung's Gear VR, the virtual reality headset that the
company developed with the Facebook unit Oculus, which was released in November.
The Gear 360 has two cameras to allow consumers to shoot 360-degree videos. The
videos can then be viewed through the Gear VR, which works only with Samsung
Galaxy phones.

As for the phones - the Galaxy S7, with a 5.1-inch screen, and the Galaxy S7
Edge, with a 5.5-inch curved screen - there isn't much new about them. The
devices are water-resistant up to five feet deep, and their cameras have been
improved to autofocus on images faster.

With the lack of new phone features, Samsung is betting hard on virtual reality
to help maintain its lead.

''Samsung continues to push the boundaries of the mobile experience to extend
beyond the smartphone,'' D.J. Koh, a Samsung executive, said in a statement.

In the fourth quarter of last year, Samsung had 21.4 percent of the smartphone
market, followed by Apple, with 18.7 percent, according to the research firm
IDC. Notably, the Chinese phone maker Huawei increased unit sales by more than a
third, to grab 8.1 percent market share.

''Usually, the conversation in the smartphone market revolves around Samsung and
Apple, but Huawei's strong showing for both the quarter and the year speak to
how much it has grown as an international brand,'' Melissa Chau, a research
manager for IDC, said in a statement.

Samsung did not reveal price details on the new products. The phones will be
released on March 11 in the United States, and the Gear 360 will be available
later this year.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             818 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

It's Not Great, but Android Fans Probably Won't Mind

BYLINE: By BRIAN X. CHEN

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Personal Tech; TECH FIX; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1348 words


Google's Pixel, the first smartphone to carry the search giant's brand name,
arrives in stores on Thursday in a lucky stroke of timing. For Google, at least.

This holiday season, all Google's new phone has to do to compete with those from
Samsung, the world's largest handset maker, is not burst into flames. That's
what recently happened to a bunch of Samsung Galaxy Note 7s, the higher-end
smartphones that use Google's Android software. The Note 7s have since been
recalled and Samsung has shut down the product entirely.

The absence of a major competing Android device works out especially well for
Google because the Pixel is, relatively speaking, mediocre. It is slower than
Apple's iPhone 7 and the Galaxy S7, Samsung's smaller flagship phone. Photos
shot with Pixel's camera don't look as good as the iPhone's. And Google's
built-in artificially intelligent virtual assistant, called Assistant, is still
fairly dumb.

But hey, the Pixel probably won't burn down your garage or injure a child. So if
you prefer Android and are already hooked on Google's suite of internet-powered
software, including its maps, photos, email and document-editing apps, then you
probably won't regret buying the Pixel.

Google said that it had optimized Pixel to be speedy, with real-world
applications that consumers could perceive, like making the touch screen feel
very responsive. It also said that it would improve its virtual assistant over
time and that photos taken with the Pixel look more natural.

In the United States, Google's Pixel will initially be available for Verizon
Wireless or Project Fi, Google's cheaper phone service. Like other high-end
phones, Pixel's starting price is about $650. Pixel comes in two different
screen sizes: five diagonal inches and 5.5 diagonal inches. Google provided the
5.5-inch model, Pixel XL, for testing.

After testing Pixel for five days, I concluded that although the device's
features are underwhelming, this is a good smartphone for Android fans. It does
a great job doing what Google designed it to do: Running Android in its purest
form, untainted by slipshod third-party apps. Better yet, this is an opportune
time to consider breaking up with your carrier and switching to Project Fi,
Google's phone service that costs as little as $30 a month.

Here's what stood out in my tests of Pixel:

Google's Still-Annoying Assistant

In a comparison of voice-controlled virtual assistants offered by Google, Apple,
Amazon and Microsoft last January, I determined that none were great, though
Google's was slightly ahead of the pack. Nine months later, the situation
remains largely the same: Artificially intelligent assistants still aren't that
smart.

And so it was with Google's supposedly new-and-improved virtual assistant,
called Assistant, on the Pixel. The search giant says the difference with
Assistant is that it is capable of ''two-way conversations.'' In plain English,
what Google means is you can make requests to Assistant and ask follow-up
questions, and Assistant might understand the context to respond appropriately.

Google offers this example: You can ask, ''Where is the Taj Mahal?'' and then
ask, ''How old is it?''

While that sounds compelling in theory, Assistant failed at responding fully to
many requests made with natural language. When I asked, ''What time is
'Westworld' on TV?'' Assistant displayed a web search result containing the
synopsis for the new sci-fi show. When I followed up with, ''So what time is it
on?'' Assistant told me the current time, which was 9:35 p.m.

From there on, Assistant continued to hit foul balls. When I said, ''book me a
table nearby,'' Assistant would try to book a table only at a restaurant called
Rich Table, and didn't list other options.

On the plus side, Assistant can handle a conversation about the weather. When I
asked for the weather and it said it was raining, I asked whether it would stop
raining this week. ''Rain is not expected this week in San Francisco,'' it said.
Better.

In its current state, attempting to accomplish complex tasks with Assistant on
Pixel will waste more time than it saves.

A Mediocre Camera

Like pretty much every handset maker, Google proclaims Pixel's camera to be the
best on the market. Its rear camera has a 12.3-megapixel sensor, similar to the
iPhone 7's 12-megapixel sensor. So I took photos with the Pixel and compared
them with shots taken with the iPhone 7 and Samsung's Galaxy S7.

All the cameras took clear, visually appealing photographs with rich details,
but there were major differences in color, even without any filters applied. The
photos taken with the Pixel looked colder -- they appeared to exaggerate cyans
and magentas. The ones taken with the iPhone looked more vivid, though they
appeared to slightly bump up yellows to make photos look warmer. The color in
pictures taken with the Samsung phone looked oversaturated and unnatural.

I decided to let a blind jury weigh in. My partner, a professional photographer,
took photos with each camera of a plant in a colorful vase in natural lighting.
She labeled each photograph A, B and C, and I sent the photos out to 30 people
and, without revealing which phone each letter corresponded with, asked them to
vote for their favorite. (Before reading the results below, take a look and make
your own vote.)

Photo A was taken with the Samsung phone, photo B with Google's Pixel, and photo
C with an iPhone 7. Out of 30 votes, 19 voted for the iPhone, eight voted for
the Pixel, and three voted for the Samsung phone. People seemed to gravitate
toward the warmer color profiles produced by the iPhone.

Comparisons With the Competition

Based on features alone, the Pixel is decent compared with Apple's iPhone 7 and
Samsung's Galaxy S7. Here are some highlights:

â-  What sets Pixel apart is its compatibility with Project Fi, Google's
experimental wireless service. You pay at least $30 a month for a package that
includes unlimited minutes and messages and 1 gigabyte of cellular data. You can
pay $10 more for each extra gigabyte of data or get reimbursed for the cellular
data you don't use.

The best part: In the United States, Project Fi relies on cell networks from
Sprint, T-Mobile and U.S. Cellular; Project Fi also works in more than 135
countries, and you pay the same rate no matter where you travel. In my review of
Project Fi this year, I found the service to be reliable and the overall package
to be a good, frugal option.

â-  The Pixel's fingerprint sensor, for unlocking the phone, is annoyingly on
the back of the device rather than on the face. So when you're on the go, you
will probably be using two hands -- one to hold the phone and the other to place
your fingerprint on the back -- to unlock the Pixel.

â-  In speed tests run with the mobile app Geekbench, the Pixel was about 20
percent slower than both the iPhone 7 and the Galaxy S7.

â-  The Pixel wasn't designed to be water-resistant though Google says it is
resistant to water sprays. The Galaxy S7 and the iPhone 7 survived a dive into a
pitcher of water.

â-  It's worth noting that the Pixel still has a headphone jack, which Apple
eliminated from its iPhones this year (though it turns out the iPhone's omission
of the jack was not a big deal).

The Bottom Line

Largely because Samsung, the king of Android phones, is in the penalty box, now
is a good time to consider trying something new, be it a different phone service
or a different operating system altogether.

Using Pixel with Project Fi may also end up saving you money: If you picked, for
example, a plan with two gigabytes of data, you'd pay $40 a month for cellphone
and data service that works all over the world. In contrast, Verizon charges $55
a month for a similar plan that doesn't include free international roaming.

If you are uninterested in Project Fi and are not deeply invested in Google's
ecosystem, there is another route: Try an iPhone. Apple's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus
outperformed the Pixel in every way in terms of hardware features.

And so far, to my knowledge, Apple phones haven't blown up.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/20/technology/personaltech/google-pixel-review-as
sessing-the-new-smartphone.html

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Photo A was taken with a Galaxy S7, B with Pixel, and C with
iPhone 7. Top, the panoply of Google hardware, from left Google Wifi, Chromecast
Ultra, Google Home, Google Pixel XL, Google Pixel and Google Daydream VR.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY BECK DIEFENBACH/REUTERS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                             819 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 2:01 PM GMT

How waterproof are the iPhone 7, Samsung Galaxy S7 and smartwatches?;
Will your device survive trip down the toilet? What does 'IP67' actually mean,
and how do smartphones fare against waterproof watches?

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 964 words


Apple launched the iPhone 7 on Wednesday, the first of its waterproof devices,
which joins a collection of similar water resistant smartphones from Samsung's
Galaxy S7 to Sony's Xperia XZ. But just how waterproof is "waterproof"?

How waterproof is it?

Waterproof, water resistant and splash resistant may have meant something once,
but their meanings have been blurred into marketing speak.

Broadly speaking, if it's waterproof or water resistant, a dunk in the toilet
isn't going to kill the phone. But along with the marketing messages should be
what's called an IP rating - a number that donates the level of water and
dustproofing to the IEC standard 60529.

What do the IP ratings mean?

International Protection Marking, or IP Code, consists of two numbers. The first
marks how resistant to dust getting it into the inner workings of the device,
the second how resistant to water ingress it is.

Typically written as IP67 or similar, there are various levels of resistance
typically marked by a depth and time rating for water, and size of particles for
dust.

For dust:


     ·    4 = particles great than 1mm in width
     ·    5 = prevention of dust interfering with satisfactory operation
     ·    6 = no ingress of dust at all for at least eight hours


For water:


     ·    4 = splashing water won't harm the device
     ·    5 = protection from water jets from a 6.3mm nozzle
     ·    6 = protection from more powerful water jets from a 12.5mm nozzle (6K
          is higher pressure rated)
     ·    7 = protection from immersion in up to 1m of fresh water (typically
          for 30 minutes)
     ·    8 = protection from immersion in at least 1m fresh water (typically
          1.5m for 30 minutes)
     ·    9K = protection from close-range high pressure water jets


                   How does the iPhone 7 compare with the many other waterproof
smartphones?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are rated to IP67 standards, marked at 1m of fresh water
for 30 minutes. Samsung's latest top-end smartphones the Galaxy S7, S7 Edge and
the troubled Note 7 are rated to IP68 standards, and so are technically more
protected against water ingress.

Sony's Xperia Z line, launched in 2013, was one of the first widely available
top-end handsets that claimed to be waterproof with an IP57 rating at 1m depth
for 30 minutes. Sony's latest range feature waterproof models including the
Xperia XZ that is waterproof to IP68 standards.

To muddy the water a little, there are also water resistant nano coatings that
can be applied to smartphones. Motorola's initial Moto G models were a good
example; the nano coating meant that accidental spills wouldn't ruin the phone.
Water might get into the phone, but it wouldn't destroy the electronics if dealt
with quickly.

Can I go swimming with them?

Yes, and no. When something is rated to IP67 standards what it really means is
that a device will resist water ingress up to the pressure of being stationary
under 1m of water for 30 minutes. IP68 is rated at a higher pressure, but is
dependent on the testing. It could only be a slightly higher pressure equivalent
to that of being stationary under 1.5m depth of water for 30 minutes.

When moving through the water or impacting with it, say when you jump into a
pool, the pressure can be a lot higher than simply being immersed in it. It
might survive, but it also might break a seal, and at that point it's probably
game over for your £600+ smartphone.

What about watches, they're waterproof, right?

Before electronics ventured into the water, watches were the gold-standard for
waterproofing. From the simple "water resistant" watches that didn't mind a
splash when washing your hands, to diving watches capable of surviving in depths
of 100m or more.

While 50 or 100m under water might seem a bit extreme for most, it means that
the seals on the watch will resist relatively high pressures and pretty much
anything that your average person gets subjected to on a day-to-day basis.

As Apple's chief operating officer, Jeff Williams, put it when talking about the
new Apple Watch series 2 that's waterproof to 50m depth: "You can wear it
whether you're swimming, surfing or just doing the occasional cannon ball."

And smartwatches, fitness trackers?

Most smartwatches are waterproof to some extent. Apple's new Watch series 2 is
rated to depths of 50m, but many others, including the Android Wear-powered
Huawei Watch are only rated to IP67 standards.

Rugged smartwatches often have higher ratings. Android Wear-powered Casio
WSD-F10 is waterproof to 50m, while the Nixon The Mission is waterproof to
depths of 100m. Pebble's Time and Time 2 smartwatches are water resistant to
depths of 30m.

While many fitness trackers are "sweat proof", which is the equivalent to splash
proof in most respects, some fitness trackers are also waterproof. Misfit's
Shine 2 Speedo, for instance, is waterproof to 50m and designed to track
swimming activity.

Is it covered under warranty?

This is where waterproofing becomes tricky. Some manufacturers guarantee some of
their products against water ingress, but normally only if there are no signs of
other damage. Impacts and other shocks can break seals and then it's game over.

Others simply don't cover water damage under warranty, despite IP ratings.
Neither Apple's iPhone 7 nor Samsung's Galaxy S7 are covered as standard for
water damage. So while it's meant to be waterproof, if it's not, it's your
fault.


     ·    Apple reveals waterproof iPhone 7 with new camera... and no headphone
          jack
     ·    Apple Watch 2 brings GPS, waterproofing and faster processing
     ·    Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge review: this is the smartphone to beat
     ·    Pebble Time review: the simple but effective answer to Apple Watch


LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             820 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                           October 13, 2016 Thursday

Samsung kicks off recall of Galaxy Note 7 in Korea

LENGTH: 136 words


[THE INVESTOR] Samsung Electronics on Oct. 13 kicked off its recall of the
Galaxy Note 7 in South Korea -- whereby customers can get a refund or swap their
phones for another smartphone -- two days after it discontinued the device over
safety concerns.

Consumers must visit stores where they bought the devices to get a refund or
exchange. The recall program will be completed by the end of this year,
according to local mobile carriers.

Buyers of the Note 7 had received free gifts, including Gear Fit 2, but they do
not need to return the gifts.

Consumers can exchange their Note 7s with smartphones made by other
manufacturers.

If a customer decides to swap a Note 7 for another Samsung smartphone, such as
the Galaxy S7 or the Galaxy S7 Edge, he or she will be offered a mobile gift
card worth 30,000 won (US$26.60).

(

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             821 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Waterloo Region Record

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                                 First Edition

IN BRIEF

BYLINE: Record staff and news services

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C10

LENGTH: 593 words


MANUFACTURING

ATS Automation picks up $40M order from U.S. firm

CAMBRIDGE - ATS Automation Tooling Systems says it has received an order worth
about $40 million from a U.S.-based medical device company. The order involves
the design, delivery and installation of a new manufacturing system to produce
the unnamed customer's drug delivery device, the Cambridge-based company said
Wednesday. ATS said the system is based on proprietary technology that
"facilitates high volume and reliable manufacturing in a compact footprint." It
added that there is potential for additional orders depending on the success of
the customer's product. ATS employs about 3,500 people at plants and offices
around the world.

SMARTPHONES

Samsung announces details of Canadian Note 7 recall

MISSISSAUGA - Samsung has released Canadian details for the 10-country recall of
2.5 million Galaxy Note 7 smartphones following reports that some of their
batteries have exploded or caught fire. Samsung Electronics Canada says there
has been no confirmed incident in this country, but it's offering a voluntary
exchange program for its Canadian customers. Owners of the phone can exchange
their Galaxy Note 7 for a new one. The company says another option is to
exchange the phone for a Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 Edge through the carrier or
retailer that sold the device. Samsung says Note 7 owners can initiate the
exchange by visiting the website CanadaNote7exchange.expertinquiry.com. It also
has a toll-free phone number: 1-800-517-3507.

MEDIA

Postmedia debt restructuring plan wins approval

TORONTO - Postmedia's shareholders and debt holders approved the media
conglomerate's proposal to restructure its $648-million debt on Wednesday. Under
the plan, second lien debt holders of the company will exchange the roughly $345
million they are owed for a 98 per cent stake in the owner of the National Post,
Toronto Sun, Ottawa Citizen and other daily newspapers. Current shareholders
will be left with a two per cent stake. The company will also issue about $110
million worth of new second lien notes that mature in July 2023. It also plans
to repay $78 million of its first lien debt and will be granted a four-year
extension that gives it until July 2021 to repay the outstanding $225 million.

RETAIL

Two gas stations to be sold due to competition concerns

MONTREAL - Alimentation Couche-Tard has agreed to sell two gasoline stations in
Ontario and Quebec to resolve Competition Bureau concerns about the convenience
store chain's purchase of nearly 300 Esso locations from Imperial Oil for about
$1.7 billion. The federal agency says the Quebec-based retailer will sell a
Mac's-branded retail gas station in Carleton Place, Ont., and the Esso-branded
station in St-Bruno-de-Montarville, Que. Imperial Oil agreed last March to sell
its 497 Esso retail stations to five fuel distributors, including Couche-Tard.

TECHNOLOGY

Intel to spin out McAfee cybersecurity business

SAN FRANCISCO - Intel is spinning out its cybersecurity unit into a new company,
called McAfee, in a deal with private equity firm TPG. The deal values McAfee at
$4.2 billion, including its debt of about $2 billion. Intel bought McAfee in
2011 for $7.68 billion. Intel said Wednesday that McAfee will be one of the
largest cybersecurity firms and will be led by Chris Young, senior
vice-president and general manager of Intel's security group. Intel will get
$3.1 billion cash and retain a 49 per cent stake in the new company. TPG, based
in Fort Worth, Texas, will invest $1.1 billion in McAfee and own 51 per cent of
the company.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             822 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             The Malaysian Reserve

                             March 18, 2016 Friday

Samsung Malaysia expects steady growth

BYLINE: Mokhriz Mokhtar

SECTION: C - CENTRAL; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 431 words


Samsung Malaysia Electronics Sdn Bhd expects to see a steady growth for its
smartphone devices this year as more consumers are striving for innovations,
despite the slower retail environment.

Its VP of mobile and information technology (IT) business unit, Lee Jui Siang,
said Samsung's products are still doing well despite the current economic
situation as the young generation and techsavvy consumers are still looking for
newer technology and functions.

"We expect to see growth in our smartphones sales just purely because of the
innovation that we continue to bring in. This translates to the good sales of
our Samsung Galaxy Note 5 last year.

"The current economic situation will not stop us to continue developing the best
smartphones and we believe the Goods and Services Tax (GST) that started last
year would not really impact our sales.

"We are also expecting the sales of devices and many other Samsung products to
grow this year," Lee told reporters after the launch of the Samsung Galaxy S7
Edge in Kuala Lumpur yesterday.

Lee added that consumers are accustomed to the new tax regime, and the demand in
retail products especially smartphones will come back this year.

"GST is a norm as many countries have already implemented it. After almost a
year of its implementation, I believe the consumer sentiment will ease and
demand will improve soon," said Lee.

As for the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, Lee said it is already receiving great
response, based on its pre-order sales.

According to reports, the new smartphone pre-order sales of 3,000 units were
recorded within hours of its release on the first two days - even before it
officially arrives in Malaysia.

Samsung smartphones are now the market leader worldwide and the brand has a
strong position in Malaysia.

Meanwhile, it was reported that its parent company Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's
net profit for the fourth-quarter of financial period ended Dec 31, 2015,
dropped 40% to 3.2 trillion won (RM11.2 billion), due to a slowdown faced by its
two core businesses - smartphones and semiconductors - amid the weakening global
demand for consumer electronics products.

For the full-year, the group earned 19.1 trillion won, down 19% from the
previous year and the lowest level in four years. The drop was the second year
in a row with a decline in annual net income after the company's earnings peaked
at 30.5 trillion won in 2013.

Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is now available in Malaysia with a retail price of
RM3,099, inclusive of GST. The model comes in three colour options - black onyx,
silver titanium and gold platinum.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Syed Hussain Publications Sdn Bhd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             823 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             The Malaysian Reserve

                             March 18, 2016 Friday

Samsung Malaysia expects steady growth

BYLINE: Mokhriz Mokhtar

SECTION: C - CENTRAL; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 431 words


Samsung Malaysia Electronics Sdn Bhd expects to see a steady growth for its
smartphone devices this year as more consumers are striving for innovations,
despite the slower retail environment.

Its VP of mobile and information technology (IT) business unit, Lee Jui Siang,
said Samsung's products are still doing well despite the current economic
situation as the young generation and techsavvy consumers are still looking for
newer technology and functions.

"We expect to see growth in our smartphones sales just purely because of the
innovation that we continue to bring in. This translates to the good sales of
our Samsung Galaxy Note 5 last year.

"The current economic situation will not stop us to continue developing the best
smartphones and we believe the Goods and Services Tax (GST) that started last
year would not really impact our sales.

"We are also expecting the sales of devices and many other Samsung products to
grow this year," Lee told reporters after the launch of the Samsung Galaxy S7
Edge in Kuala Lumpur yesterday.

Lee added that consumers are accustomed to the new tax regime, and the demand in
retail products especially smartphones will come back this year.

"GST is a norm as many countries have already implemented it. After almost a
year of its implementation, I believe the consumer sentiment will ease and
demand will improve soon," said Lee.

As for the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, Lee said it is already receiving great
response, based on its pre-order sales.

According to reports, the new smartphone pre-order sales of 3,000 units were
recorded within hours of its release on the first two days - even before it
officially arrives in Malaysia.

Samsung smartphones are now the market leader worldwide and the brand has a
strong position in Malaysia.

Meanwhile, it was reported that its parent company Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's
net profit for the fourth-quarter of financial period ended Dec 31, 2015,
dropped 40% to 3.2 trillion won (RM11.2 billion), due to a slowdown faced by its
two core businesses - smartphones and semiconductors - amid the weakening global
demand for consumer electronics products.

For the full-year, the group earned 19.1 trillion won, down 19% from the
previous year and the lowest level in four years. The drop was the second year
in a row with a decline in annual net income after the company's earnings peaked
at 30.5 trillion won in 2013.

Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is now available in Malaysia with a retail price of
RM3,099, inclusive of GST. The model comes in three colour options - black onyx,
silver titanium and gold platinum.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Syed Hussain Publications Sdn Bhd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             824 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 12, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Delhi Edition

Samsung may Lose Crown

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: BRANDS: CREATING DESIRE

LENGTH: 650 words


Samsung Electronics could lose up to 25% of its sales in India -and its
long-standing No. 1 ranking -in the premium smartphone segment in the current
quarter after scrapping the production and sale of the troubled Galaxy Note 7
globally .The world's largest phone maker \x93stopped sales and exchanges of the
Galaxy Note 7\x93 and \x93consequently decided to stop production\x93 of the
device, citing consumer safety concerns, according to a statement from Samsung
on Tuesday .

The company had said earlier it was temporarily adjusting Note 7's production
schedule, but now it has pulled the plug on the device completely due to
incidents of fire erupting in models handed out to replace recalled
devices.\x93Samsung could lose 20-25% of sales in the premium segment in the
October-December quarter in India,\x93 said Tarun Pathak, a senior analyst at
Counterpoint Technology Market Research. \x93(We estimate) Apple to reach 60%
share by volumes during this period,\x93 he added, reasoning that Samsung,
\x93did not have a substitute product to back up the Note 7 like the Galaxy S6
Edge+ it had last year.\x93

Analysts had expected a milder impact on market share because of delayed sales
and the sharp revision comes after the device was scrapped

on Tuesday . Although the premium segment accounts for only a small fraction of
the market by volume, it makes up over a quarter of the industry's revenue and
commands high margins. The absence of new products in this segment, especially
during the festive season when demand and purchases peak, would be a
hard-hitting loss for Samsung, analysts said.

Samsung had a 62% share of the premium segment in the January-March quarter,
while Apple was a distant second with a 37% share. In the following quarter
ended June, Apple narrowed the gap with a 47% share although Samsung still led
with 49%, as per Counterpoint Research data.As of August, Samsung had a 57%
share of the premium segment, according to CyberMedia Research (CMR), while
Apple had 32%. \x93These rankings will now dramatically change and Apple will
jump to the No. 1 spot,\x93 said Faisal Kawoosa, a senior analyst at CMR, adding
that a tie-up offering iPhone 7 buyers free access to Reliance Jio services for
over a year will help the Cupertino-based smartphone maker to gain.

The Galaxy Note 7 was to have gone on sale in India from September 2, a month
ahead of Apple's iPhone 7. That got delayed as the South Korean company recalled
2.5 million devices sold elsewhere after reports of the phones catching fire.

Samsung said it identified the cause of fires as faulty

batteries and recently started distributing replacement devices. However, after
reports of some replacement phones also catching fire, the company decided to
stop production altogether.

In India, Samsung had about 15,000-20,000 bookings for the Note 7. Retailers
told ET that they had already started informing customers that their devices
won't be coming. \x93We're planning to be pro-active and we're cancelling orders
and refunding token money taken as advances,\x93 said the CEO of a leading
retail chain, who did not want to be identified.

Sources said that Samsung would offer refunds to consumers who had booked the
Note 7 and is likely to give offers on the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge models.
However, industry insiders said Samsung will be more concerned about the impact
of the Note 7 on the brand and the perception on its other products.
\x93Consumers expect top quality in a flagship, but with situations like this,
that trust gets shaken because people will think twice before buying a Samsung
device,\x93 said a senior executive who asked not to be identified.Analysts said
customers in the '15,000-30,000 mid segment who typically look to upgrade to
higher-end phones during the festive season around Diwali will now find their
options limited to Apple's iPhone 7 and older Samsung models \xAD Galaxy S7 and
S7 Edge.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             825 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 explosions: Recall may not hit brand, say analysts

BYLINE: Ankita Rai

LENGTH: 584  words


Even as Samsung has promptly recalled its flagship Galaxy Note 7 just two week
after reports emerged that the phone's batteries were fire-prone, the bigger
question now is how this would impact the South Korean consumer electronics
conglomerate, both in terms of brand and business as sales are halted in 10
markets. As Samsung has set out to mass recall all Note 7s, (approximately more
than 1.5 million units) since the launch on August 19, analysts said it could
potentially cost Samsung billions in dollars, but is unlikely to have much
impact on the brand reputation. "As of September 1, 35 cases have been reported
globally and we are currently conducting a thorough inspection with our
suppliers to identify possible affected batteries in the market," said Samsung
in a statement as it delayed the India launch.

The official launch in India was scheduled on September 2. According to sources,
close to 20,000 people have pre-booked the phone and Samsung is now expected to
launch the phablet in India within 2-3 weeks with first priority towards
pre-booking customers. "Postponing a launch always generates negative reviews
and Samsung's loss is someone else's gain. The loss of volume to an extent is
irrecoverable. But overall at the brand imagery level, I don't think Samsung
will suffer too much. Because no mobile phone company has been devoid of
problems of these kinds," said Harish Bijoor, chief executive officer of brand
and business strategy firm, Harish Bijoor Consults. "For Samsung, it is not much
a brand hit, as it is a commercial/financial hit in terms of volume," he added.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 had raving reviews and was considered the king of phablets
with pre-orders far exceeding estimates. "There is growth momentum that Galaxy
S7 and S7 edge have handed over to Samsung. The S7 has been globally very
successful and Note 7 is expected to further boost the momentum in Samsung's
favour. But the battery issue can now give competitors a leg-up," said Tarun
Pathak, senior analyst, Counterpoint Research.

There is no doubt that Samsung has lost the critical window of opportunity given
that most of the premium launches are scheduled in the second half. Also, second
half of the year is the peak season for telecom in terms of equipment purchase
and handset purchases.

"The timing of the recall from competition perspective is crucial as iPhone 7 is
set to debut this week. The competition can try to take advantage of it like we
saw in the case of iPhone 6 Plus bendgate," said Pathak. "The best Samsung can
do in this situation is to be very transparent in their communication and
marketing," he added.

Suhel Seth, managing partner, Counselage India, a strategic brand marketing
advisory, said, "The recall is due to the faulty battery and neither the
operating system or design. Battery in any smartphone is the most commoditised
feature of that phone. It won't have any impact on the brand as it has taken
proactive measure which sends out a very positive signal."

With iPhone 7 expected to reach India in October, Samsung India still has a
month's time to change the perception. But the premium consumer is very finicky
and is driven by perception. "Galaxy Note 7's battery issue can make a consumer
re-examine her purchase decision. However, Samsung's integrity of communication
and quick pullout would give them a positive stroke," said Bijoor.

According to Gartner, market leader Samsung had 22.3% market share in second
quarter of 2016, nearly 10% more market share than Apple.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             826 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Peterborough Examiner

                           August 17, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

No phones for you!; North Korea confiscates Galaxy S7 Edge smartphones Samsung
planned to gift to its Olympians POSTMEDIA

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 354  words


Samsung, a major Rio 2016 sponsor, came to Brazil this month bearing gifts: an
Olympicthemed smartphone for every athlete at the Games. Most delegations
accepted the Galaxy S7 Edge phones - decorated with the Olympic rings and
Gamescentric wallpapers - without second thought.

But not North Korea. The country's Olympic committee reportedly withheld the
complimentary S7s from its 31 Olympians, preventing them from displaying the
North Korean flag on the phone's "flag app" during the Games' opening ceremony
on Aug. 5. "(The athletes) can use the entire screen of the S7 to become a
flag," Pio Schunker, a Samsung marketing official, told the Associated Press
before the opening ceremony. "They will be waving (their) national flag through
the S7."

North Korea, though, may have been suspicious of Samsung's intentions, according
to a report from Radio Free Asia. An International Olympic Committee
spokesperson said a North Korean manager confiscated the phones from a Samsung
Olympic office - possibly, they said, to stop the country's Olympians from
visiting the office, where Samsung, a South Korean company, was showcasing more
of its electronics.

"Smartphones would ... raise the suspicions of a North Korean government that
takes great pains to control citizens' contact with the outside world," RFA
wrote.

Samsung confirmed the North Korean manager took the delegation's allotment of
phones. Rio 2016 organizers identified the manager as Yoon Sungbum, but couldn't
say whether or not they were eventually distributed to the athletes.

Kim Song I, a North Korean table tennis player, reportedly shook her head
wordlessly when asked by RFA last week if she had been given one of the Samsung
phones.

South Korean Olympians that have competed against North Korea before told RFA
that the country's confiscation act isn't new; they said North Korean offi-cials
regularly seize gifts their athletes are meant to receive at world events.

North Korea has sent athletes to every Summer Games since 1972, except for two:
the 1984 Olympics in Los Angeles and 1988 in Seoul. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey
Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / (See hardcopy for photo);

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 The Peterborough Examiner
                              All Rights Reserved


                             827 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                          September 12, 2015 Saturday

Samsung to team up with Qualcomm for Galaxy S7

LENGTH: 212  words


By tbreak Staff -

Samsung has not been getting its expected success rates with the Galaxy S6 and
S6 Edge according to the recent financials released by the company. While the
design is not to be blamed here, Samsung fans have to look forward to the S7
which may define Samsung's stake in the smartphone industry.

Rumors have it that Samsung will be joining forces with Qualcomm to bring in the
latest processors for the S7. While Samsung claims to be working hard on their
own chipsets like the Exynos 7240, rumors leaked from Qualcomm state that the
new Snapdragon 820 processor will be compatible with Samsung devices.

This is a strange move as Samsung announced that with the S6 it would no longer
use Qualcomm processors. Rumors suggest that Samsung wants to work with Qualcomm
as their Exynos line up cannot handle features that Samsung has in the pipeline
for the S7. However, rumors about Samsung and Qualcomm working together have
become widespread, while the two companies are yet to make official statements.

The Qualcomm processor may be what Samsung needs to make its comeback. Some
users were disappointed when the S6 was released without expandable storage or a
removable battery as well as the increased pricing.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/2/144214740485.png



LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             828 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Samsung releases details of smartphone recall for overheated batteries

SECTION: WORKLIFE; Pg. A28

LENGTH: 157 words

DATELINE: MISSISSAUGA, Ont.


Samsung has released Canadian details for the 10-country recall of 2.5 million
Galaxy Note 7 smartphones following reports that some of their batteries have
exploded or caught fire.

Samsung Electronics Canada says there has been no confirmed incident in this
country, but it's offering a voluntary exchange program for its Canadian
customer base.

Samsung's parent company said last week that it would set up a product exchange
after it confirmed 35 cases of Note 7s that exploded or caught fire due to
defective batteries from one supplier.

Owners of the phone in Canada can exchange their Galaxy Note 7 for a new one.
The company says another option is to exchange the phone for a Galaxy S7 or
Galaxy S7 Edge through the carrier or retailer that sold the device.

Samsung says Note 7 owners can initiate the exchange by visiting a
special-purpose website: CanadaNote7exchange.expertinquiry. com. It also has a
toll-free phone number: 1-800-517-3507.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                             829 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Voice & Data

                                October 15, 2016

Samsung estimates Rs 21,000 crore loss due to Galaxy Note7 discontinuation

BYLINE: Sanjeeb Kumar Sahoo

LENGTH: 202  words


NEW DELHI: South Korean smartphone maker Samsung has announced that it estimates
a negative impact of approximately mid-3 trillion won (which is approximately
$3.1 billion or Rs 21,000 crore) in operating profit from the fourth quarter of
2016 through the first quarter of 2017, due to the discontinuation of Galaxy
Note7 sales.

The company already allocated the expected direct cost from the discontinuation
of Galaxy Note7 sales in its third quarter earnings guidance revision announced
on Oct. 11, but expects the drop in revenue from the discontinued sales to
continue to have a negative impact on operating profit for the next two
quarters.

The negative impact is estimated in the mid-2 trillion won range for the fourth
quarter of 2016 and at approximately 1 trillion won for the first quarter of
2017.

The company is releasing these estimates to inform the market on the impact of
the Galaxy Note7 discontinuation.

Moving forward, Samsung Electronics plans to normalize its mobile business by
expanding sales of flagship models such as the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge.

Additionally, the company will focus on enhancing product safety for consumers
by making significant changes in its quality assurance processes.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


            Copyright 2016 Voice & Data, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             830 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             April 24, 2016 Sunday

Samsung Galaxy Note 6 leak reveals some major changes.

LENGTH: 178  words


The next in line of the Note series is set to be bigger and faster.

Right on the heels of the success the S7 and S7 Edge had, Samsung does not seem
to want to stop. Of course, when news of a new phone is out, leaks are expected.
Here are some details that leaked about the Samsung Galaxy Note 6.

The leak was picked up by GSM Helpdesk, and according to the leak Samsung is set
to make some changes in terms of design and specifications. For starters, the
Samsung Galaxy Note 6 might come with an Edge display, given its recent
popularity. Additionally, this display will also be a larger 5.8 inch display.
Keeping up with its reputation for great battery life, the Samsung Galaxy Note 6
might also come with a massive battery, which will probably be around 4000 mAh.
The extra battery power will also be supported by 50% more RAM, bringing it to a
massive 6GB.

Samsung is not really the best at keeping secrets when it comes to their
flagships, however, it might still be a bit too early to blindly buy these
rumors.

Source

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/35/146157000430.jpg



LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             831 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday
                              Advertiser2 Edition

It's back to the future for Samsung Galaxy phones

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 113 words


THE world's biggest mobile phone company will resurrect two popular features it
stripped from its smartphones a year ago in an attempt to win back fans, and
will launch more virtual reality technology to win over Apple iPhone diehards.

Samsung unveiled two new smartphones - the 13cm Galaxy S7 and 14cm curved-screen
Galaxy S7 Edge will include water-resistant bodies and expandable memory removed
from previous models, while adding faster, hybrid auto-focus cameras and bigger
batteries.The South Korean giant also launched the Gear 360, a virtual reality
camera for use with the smartphones that captures 360-degree video or photos to
be viewed on headsets, on YouTube or Facebook.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Advertiser


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             832 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 22, 2016 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Samsung Announces New Camera and Phones

BYLINE: By BRIAN X. CHEN

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 394 words


With competition continuing to heat up in the handset market, Samsung
Electronics is relying heavily on virtual reality to help distinguish its
smartphones.

The South Korean manufacturer, which is the world's largest phone maker by
units, on Sunday announced two new Galaxy smartphones along with Gear 360, a
camera for recording virtual reality videos. The company made the announcements
at the Mobile World Congress, one of the tech industry's largest events for
mobile products, held in Barcelona, Spain.

The Gear 360 accompanies Samsung's Gear VR, the virtual reality headset that the
company developed with Facebook's Oculus, which was released in November. The
Gear 360 has two cameras -- one on the front and one on the back -- to allow
consumers to shoot 360-degree videos. The videos can then be viewed through the
Gear VR, which works only with Samsung's Galaxy phones.

As for the phones -- the Galaxy S7, with a 5.1-inch screen, and the Galaxy S7
Edge, with a 5.5-inch curved screen -- there isn't much new about them. The
devices are water-resistant up to five feet deep and the cameras have been
improved to autofocus on images faster. The gadgets also have what Samsung calls
Always-On screens that constantly light up just the pixels needed to show the
time or calendar notifications; the feature turns off when the phone is tucked
away in a pocket or purse.

With the lack of new phone features, Samsung is betting hard on virtual reality
to help maintain its lead.

''Samsung continues to push the boundaries of the mobile experience to extend
beyond the smartphone,'' D. J. Koh, a Samsung executive, said in a statement.

In the fourth quarter of last year, Samsung had 21.4 percent of the smartphone
market, followed by Apple, with 18.7 percent, according to the research firm
IDC. Notably, the Chinese phone maker Huawei increased unit sales by more than a
third, to grab 8.1 percent market share.

''Usually, the conversation in the smartphone market revolves around Samsung and
Apple, but Huawei's strong showing for both the quarter and the year speak to
how much it has grown as an international brand,'' Melissa Chau, a research
manager for IDC, said in a statement.

Samsung did not reveal price details on the new products. The phones will be
released on March 11 in the United States, and the Gear 360 will be available
later this year.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/22/technology/samsung-announces-a-new-virtual-rea
lity-camera.html

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                             833 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                       May 12, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Over 1 million people used Oculus Gear VR in April

BYLINE: John DiPietro

LENGTH: 734  words


Even though Oculus VR is currently working on limited number of Samsung phones,
including Galaxy S7, the Galaxy S7 Edge, the Galaxy Note 5, it has been used by
more than one million people in April.

As per Oculus VR, developers have generated more than 250 applications for the
Samsung Gear VR platform, which is powered by Oculus VR technology. Currently,
some of the top-selling applications for Gear VR include EVE Gunjack, Star
Chart, Dreadhalls, End Space, Escape Room VR, Land's End and Bandit Six.

Some of the listed 'must haves' are Hulu, Goosebumps Night of Scares, Mike VR
and Orion Trail VR. Seven of the top 10 most used apps are videos and on any
given data, nearly 80% of people who use Gear VR watch video content.

The company has announced that it will start adding 360 photos to the News Feed
in the coming months. These photos can be taken with a phone or a 360 camera and
viewed in VR form using the Oculus Photos app provided for the Gear VR headset.

Oculus VR has also revealed that Oculus Home for Gear VR will be updated in
June. It will be having a revamped design to make search for recently downloaded
content a bit easier. In November 2015, Samsung launched the Gear VR headset,
which is considered to be cheaper than Oculus Rift.

The device has an inertial measurement unit (IMU) for rotating tracking, which
connects to the smartphone's micro USB port. A proximity sensor detects whenever
the headset is worn. But if you want to enjoy cost-effective taste of VR then
you can try Google Cardboard, which is compatible with all Android and iOS-based
phones.

According to a story published on the topic by Engadget, "Oculus' mission is to
help people experience anything, anywhere," Max Cohen, Oculus' head of mobile,
told a roomful of journalists this Tuesday. There's the high-end experience of
the Rift, of course, but there's also the portable easy-to-use version of the
Gear VR. "The secret [with VR] is it can't just be slightly better than other
experiences that you've had," said Cohen. "It has to be even better."

Part of the reason why the million mark is so exciting, then, is because it'll
hopefully push developers to create even more content for the platform. Cohen
admits that it's sometimes daunting to get developers to spend time making VR
content. "They tell us, 'Give us a call when you've a hit a million users.'"
Well, now it has. Plus, Cohen says, the average time that users spend on the
Gear VR is around 25 minutes a day. "They're highly engaged with the product."

"Unlike 360-degree videos, virtually anyone with a smartphone will be able to
create these new photos. Panoramas, photo spheres and photos shot with
360-degree camera units will all be supported by Facebook when the update drops.
On the other hand, if you want to take professional 360-degree photos, you're
going to need a full 360 camera rig (for which Facebook happens to have
introduced a set of blueprints last month). You can also pick up a GoPro Odyssey
if you have a spare $15,000 lying around, or the Ricoh Theta S if you don't,"
according to a recent BGR report.

Along with being a neat addition to the platform, 360-degree photos are also
another push for users to begin adopting VR head-mounted displays (HMDs).
Facebook now owns Oculus, which is responsible for both the Oculus Rift and the
software that runs Samsung's Gear VR headset as well. "We've been beta-testing
360 photos internally for awhile now," writes Eugene Wei, head of video for
Oculus. "It's a lot of fun. You get to share where you are; the story of your
life with other people."

A report published in CNET News informed, "VR is only as cool as the content you
interact with. Right now this ranges from games and education to roller coasters
and even pornography. Just as Netflix, Amazon and Hulu today are grabbing up
marketshare by creating their own shows, Facebook-backed Oculus will gain a lot
of momentum by giving its users stuff they can't find on any other platform."

"A million is kind of a magic number for a lot of people to start taking this
seriously," Oculus head of mobile, Max Cohen, told me. "It starts making more
economic sense for others to join in." For example, Cohen continued, Microsoft
wouldn't have been involved with releasing a VR version of Minecraft if it
didn't think Oculus' platform was going anywhere. The potential is huge, too,
just like it was when Facebook itself first took off.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             834 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                            April 20, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung Pay to be rolled out this quarter;
Samsung Galaxy phone users can use it to pay for purchases at most credit card
terminals

BYLINE: Trevor Tan

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 406 words


Samsung Pay will be rolled out here before the end of June.

At launch, those holding Visa and MasterCard credit or debit cards issued by
DBS/POSB, OCBC and Standard Chartered banks will be able to use a compatible
Samsung phone to pay at almost all retail outlets that accept credit cards.

In an exclusive interview with The Straits Times, Samsung mobile chief Dongjin
Koh revealed the company's plans to launch its mobile payment service here.

Singapore will be the fourth country to have Samsung Pay. It was launched in
South Korea last August, followed by the US in September. Last month, Samsung
Pay made its debut in China.

Mr Koh said Singapore is one of the first countries to have the service because
he sees it as a very important country and a "test bed for new technologies".

"If you do not make it a success in Singapore, I would not expect another great
success in South-east Asia, or other markets," he said.

</aside>    Samsung Pay allows users to register their credit card details on
selected Samsung smartphones. Once registered, users can tap the phones for
payment on almost all credit card payment terminals here.

Four Samsung Galaxy smartphones - the S6 edge+, Note 5, S7 and S7 edge - are
compatible with Samsung Pay at launch. Fingerprint authentication is required
for each transaction.

"You will be able to use the Singapore Samsung Pay service almost anywhere in
the world where Visa and MasterCard cards are accepted," said Mr Chris Tarr,
regional director of Samsung Pay in South- east Asia and Oceania.

Around six million credit and debit cards issued here can be used with Samsung
Pay.

As of February, Samsung Pay has over five million registered users and recorded
more than US$500 million (S$672 million) worth of transactions globally.

"Samsung Pay has the potential to go much further than past implementations in
Singapore since it overcomes key take-up barriers, such as fragmented multiple
registrations, services fees and security concerns," said Ms Quah Mei Lee,
principal analyst at research firm Frost & Sullivan Asia Pacific.

Mr Jasni Ismail, who owns a small business and uses the Samsung Galaxy Note 5
smartphone, said he plans to sign up for the service when it becomes available.

"Having everything in one device is something I am looking forward to," said the
55-year-old. "Initially, I was worried about security issues, but I think having
the fingerprint sensor helped ease my fears."

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A Samsung Galaxy S7 edge being demonstrated with new near-field
communication payment terminals (right and centre) and a traditional
magnetic-stripe terminal (left). Samsung Pay works with both types of terminals.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             835 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                              June 20, 2016 Monday

[INTERVIEW] Samsung's ever-evolving marketing innovations

LENGTH: 739 words


[THE INVESTOR] Early this year, Samsung Electronics' marketing team was
preparing for the firm's most important launch -- the Galaxy S7.

It was a crucial juncture for the Korean tech giant. Its profits were hit hard
by lukewarm sales of the phone's predecessor, while rivals were fast gobbling up
market share of the world's largest smartphone-maker.

But the team didn't seek a safe option and decided to take risks.

Pio Schunker, senior vice president of marketing at Samsung's mobile
communications business division, speaks in a recent interview with The Investor
at the company's headquarters in Suwon, Gyeonggi Province.

Samsung Electronics

They launched the model in Barcelona at the industry's first virtual reality
unveiling event in February. Thousands of journalists and industry people were
treated with Samsung's latest Gear VR headset to watch a demo video.

Samsung sent a clear message that it was serious about VR. At the same time, it
was a marketing statement that showed "Samsung thinks and behaves differently."

Media reviews were explosive about the unprecedented experiment. Customers also
reacted positively. Sales of the Galaxy S7 and its Edge variant are expected to
reach a whopping 25 million units in the second quarter.

"Only we can do that on this scale," Pio Schunker, senior vice president of
marketing at Samsung's mobile communications business division, said in a recent
interview with The Investor.

"I'm surprised how bold this company is. It takes risks. And it allows you to
take risks."

The marketing expert with more than 25 years of experience joined Samsung in
April last year. Prior to Samsung, he worked for diverse global brands such as
Coca-Cola, Mercedes-Benz and American Express.

"It has been a great adventure," he said of his work at Korea's largest
conglomerate over the past year.

Thousands of journalists and industry people wear Samsung's Gear VR at a launch
event of the Galaxy S7 held in Barcelona in February. Samsung Electronics

He is currently splitting time in the US and Korea. The upcoming launch of a new
Note phablet in August is another key event for him but he declined to further
elaborate.

Calling himself a big fan of Korean food and films, he said he had always wanted
to work in Asia and for a tech company. But the most decisive reason why he took
the job offer was the company's vision that was briefed by the top management.

"The brief was so appealing. That was very hard to turn down," he said.

"They wanted me to make Samsung the most beloved iconic global brand and to make
it famous for marketing innovations as much as it is for technological
innovations."

Amid the company's renewed efforts to change its top-down, rigid corporate
culture under the slogan "Start-up Samsung," Schunker compared the company's
mindset and decision-making process with that of a start-up.

"We have both size and scale but we move at the speed of a start-up. That
combination is so different from any other big company," he said. "Its mentality
and mindset is also that of a start-up."

In the meantime, another competitiveness of Samsung, he pointed out, is the
ability to listen.

When he first arrived at the company, his mentor Koh Dong-jin, the company's
president and mobile chief, told him: "You have to listen more than you talk.
It's a Samsung culture."

He now knows the ability to listen allows to give the right answer not just to
colleagues but also to customers.

"The speed, the ability to listen and the boldness and risk taking that are very
fundamental values that absolutely differentiate us from our rivals," he said of
the enhanced competition in a fast-saturated market.

Samsung, among other things, is pinning high hopes on its technological prowess,
including its "phone-plus strategy" that aims to connect a phone with all
machines ranging from appliances to cars, in winning over more customers.

"Up to a certain extent everyone is going to copy products but we have a
constant disruption pipeline. No one can do that kind of disruptive innovations
that Samsung is beginning to do," he said.

And he knows his role at the ever-evolving tech company.

"Samsung is looking to rebrand itself. My role is to bring fresh perspective and
viewpoints to marketing and production innovation, etc.," he said.

When asked if there is any big push from the top brass, he responded: "I
sometimes feel the pressure. But that makes my job exciting and that's why I
took the offer."

By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             836 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                              July 29, 2016 Friday

Video shows Samsung Galaxy Note 7 in full glory days before launch

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 348 words


NEW DELHI: Samsung is all set launch its next Galaxy Note flagship at an event
in New York, US scheduled for August 2. But if you can't wait until that, this
is the news for you.Days before its official unveiling, the Galaxy Note 7 has
leaked in all its glory, starring in a full-length video.And that's not all.
There's also an official TV advertisement which confirms several 'rumoured'
specifications of the upcoming phablet, including iris scanner, S-Pen and
waterproofing. Read also: Samsung Galaxy Note 7: Ten likely features The
11-minute long video, as reported by GSMArena website, showcases a prototype
(for South Korean cellular operator SK Telecom) of the Galaxy Note 7. The device
variant is reportedly powered by Samsung's own Exynos 8890 processor coupled
with 4GB of RAM.

The video also reveals that the Galaxy Note 7 will have the same locking
mechanism for the S-Pen, as the one found on the current Galaxy Note 5.The next
Galaxy Note phablet is also confirmed to be named Galaxy Note 7 and not Note 6.
Explaining the 'new naming' Samsung earlier said - "There are a couple reasons
why. First, the Galaxy Note 7 will complement our Galaxy S7 and S7 edge, and
unify our product portfolio. Second, the Galaxy Note 7 will minimize confusion
about the latest mobile technology from Samsung, and provide full alignment with
Galaxy S smartphone."Samsung Galaxy Note 7 will reportedly start at a price of
EUR 849 in Europe, roughly translating to around Rs 63,000. The device is
confirmed to run Android Marshmallow and not Nougat. The phablet will likely
sport a 5.7-inch QHD display of 1440x2560 pixel resolution.In the official
invite, Samsung says that its upcoming Galaxy Note 7 "will help people do more
at work, at home and everywhere in between."There's also mention of the device's
S-Pen stylus. "With added functionality of the S-Pen and large screen, the
Galaxy Note 7 is a powerful instrument for achievement and self-expression, and
is made for those who want to get the most from their phones - and their
lives."Watch the video:

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             837 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      The Observer (Gladstone, Queensland)

                           October 22, 2016 Saturday

Still great Android phones on the market

SECTION: Pg. 23

LENGTH: 182  words


WITH Samsung stopping sales and replacements of its Galaxy Note 7, many buyers
will be left wondering what phone they should be switching to.

Here are finder.com.au's top picks for large screened, premium 2016 smartphones.

1. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge

If you want to stay with Samsung, the Galaxy S7 Edge is a great contender with
the same large, curved display screen as the Note 7 and a very similar overall
performance.

2. Huawei Mate 8

The Mate 8 has some decent features, a large screen along with excellent battery
life and performance. It also has a refined rounded design that's similar to the
Note 7's display.

3. Apple iPhone 7 Plus

So this isn't an Android option, but it's still one you should consider if a
large screen is what you're after. Be warned, not all storage variants of the
iPhone 7 Plus come in cheaper than the Note 7 on either an outright or contract
basis.

4. Google Pixel XL

If you're committed to Android, Google's upcoming Pixel XL might be more to your
tastes. It boasts Google's own in-built "Assistant" and a seriously sharp
camera. Pixel XL will be on sale from October 20.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OGO


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             838 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Fraser Coast Chronicle (Queensland)

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Still great Android phones on the market

SECTION: Pg. 17

LENGTH: 182  words


WITH Samsung stopping sales and replacements of its Galaxy Note 7, many buyers
will be left wondering what phone they should be switching to.

Here are finder.com.au's top picks for large screened, premium 2016 smartphones.

1. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge

If you want to stay with Samsung, the Galaxy S7 Edge is a great contender with
the same large, curved display screen as the Note 7 and a very similar overall
performance.

2. Huawei Mate 8

The Mate 8 has some decent features, a large screen along with excellent battery
life and performance. It also has a refined rounded design that's similar to the
Note 7's display.

3. Apple iPhone 7 Plus

So this isn't an Android option, but it's still one you should consider if a
large screen is what you're after. Be warned, not all storage variants of the
iPhone 7 Plus come in cheaper than the Note 7 on either an outright or contract
basis.

4. Google Pixel XL

If you're committed to Android, Google's upcoming Pixel XL might be more to your
tastes. It boasts Google's own in-built "Assistant" and a seriously sharp
camera. Pixel XL will be on sale from October 20.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FFC


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             839 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



          NewsMail and Rural Weekly (Wide Bay, Bundaberg, Queensland)

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Still great Android phones on the market

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 182  words


WITH Samsung stopping sales and replacements of its Galaxy Note 7, many buyers
will be left wondering what phone they should be switching to.

Here are finder.com.au's top picks for large screened, premium 2016 smartphones.

1. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge

If you want to stay with Samsung, the Galaxy S7 Edge is a great contender with
the same large, curved display screen as the Note 7 and a very similar overall
performance.

2. Huawei Mate 8

The Mate 8 has some decent features, a large screen along with excellent battery
life and performance. It also has a refined rounded design that's similar to the
Note 7's display.

3. Apple iPhone 7 Plus

So this isn't an Android option, but it's still one you should consider if a
large screen is what you're after. Be warned, not all storage variants of the
iPhone 7 Plus come in cheaper than the Note 7 on either an outright or contract
basis.

4. Google Pixel XL

If you're committed to Android, Google's upcoming Pixel XL might be more to your
tastes. It boasts Google's own in-built "Assistant" and a seriously sharp
camera. Pixel XL will be on sale from October 20.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BNM


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             840 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         The Queensland Times (Ipswich)

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Still great Android phones on the market

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 182  words


WITH Samsung stopping sales and replacements of its Galaxy Note 7, many buyers
will be left wondering what phone they should be switching to.

Here are finder.com.au's top picks for large screened, premium 2016 smartphones.

1. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge

If you want to stay with Samsung, the Galaxy S7 Edge is a great contender with
the same large, curved display screen as the Note 7 and a very similar overall
performance.

2. Huawei Mate 8

The Mate 8 has some decent features, a large screen along with excellent battery
life and performance. It also has a refined rounded design that's similar to the
Note 7's display.

3. Apple iPhone 7 Plus

So this isn't an Android option, but it's still one you should consider if a
large screen is what you're after. Be warned, not all storage variants of the
iPhone 7 Plus come in cheaper than the Note 7 on either an outright or contract
basis.

4. Google Pixel XL

If you're committed to Android, Google's upcoming Pixel XL might be more to your
tastes. It boasts Google's own in-built "Assistant" and a seriously sharp
camera. Pixel XL will be on sale from October 20.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IQT


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             841 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       Sunshine Coast Daily (Queensland)

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Still great Android phones on the market

SECTION: Pg. 17

LENGTH: 182  words


WITH Samsung stopping sales and replacements of its Galaxy Note 7, many buyers
will be left wondering what phone they should be switching to.

Here are finder.com.au's top picks for large screened, premium 2016 smartphones.

1. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge

If you want to stay with Samsung, the Galaxy S7 Edge is a great contender with
the same large, curved display screen as the Note 7 and a very similar overall
performance.

2. Huawei Mate 8

The Mate 8 has some decent features, a large screen along with excellent battery
life and performance. It also has a refined rounded design that's similar to the
Note 7's display.

3. Apple iPhone 7 Plus

So this isn't an Android option, but it's still one you should consider if a
large screen is what you're after. Be warned, not all storage variants of the
iPhone 7 Plus come in cheaper than the Note 7 on either an outright or contract
basis.

4. Google Pixel XL

If you're committed to Android, Google's upcoming Pixel XL might be more to your
tastes. It boasts Google's own in-built "Assistant" and a seriously sharp
camera. Pixel XL will be on sale from October 20.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SCN


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             842 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                            November 8, 2016 Tuesday
                            All but Toronto Edition

Suit filed in Canada against Samsung

BYLINE: Alexandra Posadzki, The Canadian Press

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP8

LENGTH: 337 words

DATELINE: LONDON, ONT.


A classaction lawsuit has been filed in Canada regarding Samsung Galaxy Note 7
phones, which were recalled last month following reports of overheating
batteries that pose a fire hazard.

The lawsuit against both the U.S. and Canadian divisions of Samsung was filed in
Ontario Superior Court by London, Ont.-based McKenzie Lake Lawyers, LLP.

The claim alleges Samsung was negligent because they knew or should have known
that the devices could harm consumers. The allegations have not been proven in
court.

The lawsuit, which was filed on behalf of Canadian residents who bought the Note
7, seeks damages and a declaration that the defendants' actions were false and
misleading and contravened the Consumer Protection Act and the Competition Act.

The South Korean electronics giant stopped making and selling the devices and
advised owners to turn them off and stop using them last month.

Samsung Electronics Canada Inc. says customers who return the phone can either
exchange it for a Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 Edge, or receive a full refund.

The plaintiffs in the case are Hannah Shaheen of Burlington, Ont., and Daniel
Fuller, a Michigan resident in the process of moving to Burlington. While
returning from their honeymoon in the Turks and Caicos Islands, the couple says
they were forced to destroy and discard their Note 7 phones because they had
been banned from air transportation. They allege that in the process of
destroying the devices, one caught fire. Because they had been forced to destroy
the phones, Shaheen and Fuller lost all the personal information, photos, videos
and contacts that were on the devices.

The couple says they have not received any compensation from the company or a
replacement device.

"We believe that through this action, the defendants will be required to account
for their actions in bringing these devices to market," lawyer Matthew Baer said
in a statement.

"Canadians who owned these devices deserve to be properly compensated."
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Luis Gene, AFP, Getty Images; Samsung's Galaxy Note 7;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             843 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Daily Examiner (Grafton, New South Wales)

                           February 27, 2016 Saturday

Headsets are virtually reality

BYLINE:  Mark Furler

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 568  words



HIGHLIGHT: Rolling bots, flash phones and 360-degree videos are coming to a home
like yours


IF you think your house is already swimming with mobile devices, you ain't seen
nothing yet.

Tech giants Samsung, LG, Huawei, Sony, Microsoft, Intel, Qualcomm and more have
unveiled a mind-boggling array of new gadgets at Mobile World Congress in
Barcelona.

The event is the mobile phone industry's biggest gathering with more than 95,000
people checking out new products and prototypes from more than 2000 exhibitors.

LG arguably stole the show with its super bright "it's time to play" display.

The Korean giant launched its new G5 phone with a removable battery and super
wide 135-degree camera.

But it's the line-up of accessories that go with it that has everyone talking.

They're called Friends and apparently the more you have, the happier you will
be. You even have a Friends Manager app on your phone to quickly connect and
control them all.

Top of the range is the Rolling Bot, a ball-shaped drone that can take photos
and video, chase your cat, tease it with a red laser on the floor, or remotely
control your TV and audio equipment.

It hooks up to your wireless network at home and can be controlled via your G5
from anywhere you have a connection.

The built-in camera can shoot 1080p video or 8-megapixel stills and it comes
with 512MB of RAM, and a bundled 16GB microSD card. It is expected to sell for
about $US500 later this year.

LG's range also includes a virtual reality headset that is a lot slimmer and
lighter than Samsung's Gear VR. There's also a new attachment to your phone for
photography that includes easier controls and extra battery life.

LG also unveiled a 360-degree camera and plug-in module developed by Bang &
Olufsen to deliver high-end 32 bit DAC sound to your phone via a headset or your
home stereo.

But when it comes to phones, Samsung's spectacular Galaxy S7 and S7 edge will be
hard to beat in 2016.

The S7 features one of the best cameras ever released with extreme low light
capabilities and super quick focus.

The new Galaxy edge has a stunning curved display, better battery life, water
and dust resistance and the return of the microSD card. More on the S7 on our
website.

Samsung too has its own clever little ball which is designed to capture 360
degree vision from two 180 degree cameras shooting images of up to 15
megapixels.

Its video capability is just shy of 4k quality.

What makes the Gear 360 particularly clever is the way you can 'stitch' images
and video from the two cameras together on your Samsung smartphone.

You can even share it straight to a Gear Virtual Reality headset or to others
via 360 capabilities in Facebook and YouTube.

Samsung and Facebook see 2016 being the year of an explosion in virtual reality
devices and 360-degree videos.

Those who order the S7 in the next couple of months will be given a Gear VR
headset worth more than $150.

Other cool stuff we checked out

Sony's Xperia Ear: Is a small Bluetooth device that sits in your ear and syncs
to your smartphone. It will read the news and weather to you as well as SMS,
Facebook and WhatsApp messages while you are driving, walking or just at home.
It has 80 hours standby time, three hours talk time and a built in
accelerometer. It weighs just 6.8g. There is no price yet.

Xperia agent: A bot that comes with its own built-in projector that can beam
your own pictures, news, weather or traffic. It has a speaker microphone and
camera to allow video calls. It will also help control your home devices.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EDE


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             844 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                           September 13, 2016 Tuesday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

World's six most powerful smartphones all hail from China

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 327 words


The OnePlus 3 smartphone has taken the top spot in the famous AnTuTu performance
benchmark with an average score of 140.288, as of August 2016. It comes ahead of
five other Chinese handsets, most of which are only available in Asia.

Selling for just $399, the OnePlus 3 has nothing to envy of pricier, high-end
handsets from Apple and Samsung -- the iPhone 6s and the Galaxy S7 edge -- when
it comes to performance. With a design largely inspired by the iPhone 6s, this
5.5-inch cell phone has a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor, 16MP and 8MP Sony
cameras and 6GB of RAM. It runs OxygenOS, a mobile operating system based on
Android Marshmallow and developed by OnePlus.

The OnePlus 3 is followed in the current AnTuTu ranking by the Vivo Xplay5 Elite
and the LeEco Max2, both of which sell in Asian markets. The Vivo Xplay5 Elite
is the first Chinese smartphone to get a screen with curved edges. This
5.43-inch mobile sells for approximately $674. The LeEco Max2 is a 5.7-inch
smartphone with features including a 21MP camera with optical image
stabilization. In China, it sells for under $450. Note that both phones have 6GB
of RAM.

The first handset made outside of China to appear in the ranking is the Samsung
Galaxy S7 edge, in seventh place, followed by Apple's iPhone 6s in eighth. It
remains to be seen whether its successor, the freshly unveiled iPhone 7, will be
able to match the performances of its Chinese competitors and their
Apple-inspired creations.

The 10 highest scoring smartphones in the AnTuTu performance benchmark

1. OnePlus 3 (140.288)
2. Vivo Xplay 5 Elite (138.706)
3. LeECo Max 2 (138.026)
4. Nubia Z11 (137.685)
5. Lenovo ZUK Z2 Pro (136.853)
6. Xiaomi 5 (136.773)
7. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (134.599)
8. iPhone 6s (133.781)
9. 360 Q5 plus (133.394)
10. HTC 10 (133.217)

AnTuTu is a Chinese benchmarking tool that compiles a multitude of data to
establish a performance index, assessing the individual performance of all
smartphones on the market.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2016 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                             845 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                WMI Company News

                            November 8, 2016 Tuesday

Sberbank adds Samsung Pay support for its MasterCard cardholders

LENGTH: 247 words


Russian lender Sberbank and Samsung Electronics have signed an agreement under
which the Sberbank customers with MasterCard-branded cards can use Samsung Pay
to carry out safe payments.

The payment service allows users to pay with their compatible Samsung device by
tapping against the MST (Magnetic Secure Transmission) and NFC technologies.

Samsung Pay works with Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge, S6 edge+, Galaxy Note5,
Galaxy A5 (2016) and A7 (2016).

The payment service is now available with seven major banks including Alfa Bank,
VTB 24, MTS, Reiffeisen Bank, Russian Standard Bank and Yandex.

Samsung Mobile Russia head Arkadij Grad said: &ldquo;Since September 28, Samsung
Pay has provided our Russian users with a simple and secure payment method that
can be used almost anywhere they can swipe or tap their payment cards.

&ldquo;We&rsquo;re delighted to announce the availability of Samsung Pay for
Sberbank customers. With this partnership, Samsung Pay now covers 65 percent of
all private bank accounts in Russia and 80 percent of the country&rsquo;s urban
population.&rdquo;

Sberbank Board deputy chairman Alexander Torbakhov said: &ldquo;Very soon credit
cards will become a relic of the past. Smartphones and smart watches, that let
users pay for purchases quickly and safely are to replace cards.

&ldquo;Now Sberbank customers can use a convenient Samsung Pay service and make
payments with a single touch of the smartphone, almost anywhere payment cards
are accepted.&rdquo;

LOAD-DATE: November 08, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 World Market Intelligence Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             846 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                              July 8, 2016 Friday

@New screen S/C head;Samsung flags big jump in profit on strong S7 sales

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 509 words


Agence France-Presse

SEOUL

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;

Samsung Electronics yesterday flagged its biggest operating profit in more than
two years, boosted by cost-cutting efforts and solid sales of its latest
flagship smartphone.

The South Korean electronics giant, also the world's top handset maker,
predicted an operating profit of 8.1 trillion won (Bt246.8 billion) in April to
June, up 17 per cent from 6.9 trillion won a year ago.

It is the company's biggest operating profit since the first quarter of 2014 and
beat the average estimate of 7.4 trillion won from analysts surveyed by
Bloomberg News.

Analysts attributed the better-than-expected figures to the firm's aggressive
cost-cutting efforts and brisk sales of the Galaxy S7, the latest version of its
high-end, flagship smartphone.

"Samsung's mobile unit is believed to have performed well thanks to robust sales
of Galaxy S7s as well as an overhaul of its low-and mid-end handset line-up,"
said Peter Lee, analyst at NH Investment and Securities.

He estimated that in the second quarter the firm had sold more than 16 million
units of the S7, which was introduced in March ahead of new launches by
competitors, including Apple.

Samsung's mobile business accounts for the lion's share of the firm's overall
profit, which has been increasingly squeezed by competition both from Apple's
iPhone and by lower-end devices from Chinese rivals like Huawei.

Samsung shares rose 1.8 per cent to about 1.45 million won in early afternoon
trade.

@New Subhead;'Technological gap'

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;Samsung has bolstered its mid- to low-end
smartphone line-ups in a bid to expand in emerging markets, which are growing
faster than the largely saturated high-end markets.

The firm's aggressive cost-cutting in marketing played a key role in the strong
profit forecast, Greg Roh of HMC Investment said, warning of more competition
from Apple later this year.

"With Apple releasing new products in the latter half of the year ... I think
[Samsung's] earnings may drop in the second-half," he said.

But the firm's semiconductor business, which produces memory chips for Samsung
gadgets as well as clients including Apple, is likely to help offset a slump in
the mobile business, Lee said.

The semiconductor unit has helped buttress Samsung's profit margins, with its
operating profit largely outpacing the mobile business since late 2014. It
racked up operating profit of 12.8 trillion won last year, beating the 10.1
trillion won earned by the mobile unit.

The world's number two chipmaker has dominated production of faster,
larger-capacity chips using a technology called 3D NAND.

Samsung was the first to mass produce chips using the technology and is
producing the high-margin chips, used in mobile gadgets and hard drives for
servers, at its factories at home and in China.

Yesterday's forecast, which comes ahead of audited results to be released this
month, did not provide a net income figure or breakdown of divisional earnings
for the firm's mobile, TV, semiconductor and display units.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             847 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                              July 8, 2016 Friday

@New screen S/C head;Samsung flags big jump in profit on strong S7 sales

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 509 words


Agence France-Presse

SEOUL

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;

Samsung Electronics yesterday flagged its biggest operating profit in more than
two years, boosted by cost-cutting efforts and solid sales of its latest
flagship smartphone.

The South Korean electronics giant, also the world's top handset maker,
predicted an operating profit of 8.1 trillion won (Bt246.8 billion) in April to
June, up 17 per cent from 6.9 trillion won a year ago.

It is the company's biggest operating profit since the first quarter of 2014 and
beat the average estimate of 7.4 trillion won from analysts surveyed by
Bloomberg News.

Analysts attributed the better-than-expected figures to the firm's aggressive
cost-cutting efforts and brisk sales of the Galaxy S7, the latest version of its
high-end, flagship smartphone.

"Samsung's mobile unit is believed to have performed well thanks to robust sales
of Galaxy S7s as well as an overhaul of its low-and mid-end handset line-up,"
said Peter Lee, analyst at NH Investment and Securities.

He estimated that in the second quarter the firm had sold more than 16 million
units of the S7, which was introduced in March ahead of new launches by
competitors, including Apple.

Samsung's mobile business accounts for the lion's share of the firm's overall
profit, which has been increasingly squeezed by competition both from Apple's
iPhone and by lower-end devices from Chinese rivals like Huawei.

Samsung shares rose 1.8 per cent to about 1.45 million won in early afternoon
trade.

@New Subhead;'Technological gap'

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;Samsung has bolstered its mid- to low-end
smartphone line-ups in a bid to expand in emerging markets, which are growing
faster than the largely saturated high-end markets.

The firm's aggressive cost-cutting in marketing played a key role in the strong
profit forecast, Greg Roh of HMC Investment said, warning of more competition
from Apple later this year.

"With Apple releasing new products in the latter half of the year ... I think
[Samsung's] earnings may drop in the second-half," he said.

But the firm's semiconductor business, which produces memory chips for Samsung
gadgets as well as clients including Apple, is likely to help offset a slump in
the mobile business, Lee said.

The semiconductor unit has helped buttress Samsung's profit margins, with its
operating profit largely outpacing the mobile business since late 2014. It
racked up operating profit of 12.8 trillion won last year, beating the 10.1
trillion won earned by the mobile unit.

The world's number two chipmaker has dominated production of faster,
larger-capacity chips using a technology called 3D NAND.

Samsung was the first to mass produce chips using the technology and is
producing the high-margin chips, used in mobile gadgets and hard drives for
servers, at its factories at home and in China.

Yesterday's forecast, which comes ahead of audited results to be released this
month, did not provide a net income figure or breakdown of divisional earnings
for the firm's mobile, TV, semiconductor and display units.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             848 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                              July 8, 2016 Friday

@New screen S/C head;Samsung flags big jump in profit on strong S7 sales

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 509 words


Agence France-Presse

SEOUL

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;

Samsung Electronics yesterday flagged its biggest operating profit in more than
two years, boosted by cost-cutting efforts and solid sales of its latest
flagship smartphone.

The South Korean electronics giant, also the world's top handset maker,
predicted an operating profit of 8.1 trillion won (Bt246.8 billion) in April to
June, up 17 per cent from 6.9 trillion won a year ago.

It is the company's biggest operating profit since the first quarter of 2014 and
beat the average estimate of 7.4 trillion won from analysts surveyed by
Bloomberg News.

Analysts attributed the better-than-expected figures to the firm's aggressive
cost-cutting efforts and brisk sales of the Galaxy S7, the latest version of its
high-end, flagship smartphone.

"Samsung's mobile unit is believed to have performed well thanks to robust sales
of Galaxy S7s as well as an overhaul of its low-and mid-end handset line-up,"
said Peter Lee, analyst at NH Investment and Securities.

He estimated that in the second quarter the firm had sold more than 16 million
units of the S7, which was introduced in March ahead of new launches by
competitors, including Apple.

Samsung's mobile business accounts for the lion's share of the firm's overall
profit, which has been increasingly squeezed by competition both from Apple's
iPhone and by lower-end devices from Chinese rivals like Huawei.

Samsung shares rose 1.8 per cent to about 1.45 million won in early afternoon
trade.

@New Subhead;'Technological gap'

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;Samsung has bolstered its mid- to low-end
smartphone line-ups in a bid to expand in emerging markets, which are growing
faster than the largely saturated high-end markets.

The firm's aggressive cost-cutting in marketing played a key role in the strong
profit forecast, Greg Roh of HMC Investment said, warning of more competition
from Apple later this year.

"With Apple releasing new products in the latter half of the year ... I think
[Samsung's] earnings may drop in the second-half," he said.

But the firm's semiconductor business, which produces memory chips for Samsung
gadgets as well as clients including Apple, is likely to help offset a slump in
the mobile business, Lee said.

The semiconductor unit has helped buttress Samsung's profit margins, with its
operating profit largely outpacing the mobile business since late 2014. It
racked up operating profit of 12.8 trillion won last year, beating the 10.1
trillion won earned by the mobile unit.

The world's number two chipmaker has dominated production of faster,
larger-capacity chips using a technology called 3D NAND.

Samsung was the first to mass produce chips using the technology and is
producing the high-margin chips, used in mobile gadgets and hard drives for
servers, at its factories at home and in China.

Yesterday's forecast, which comes ahead of audited results to be released this
month, did not provide a net income figure or breakdown of divisional earnings
for the firm's mobile, TV, semiconductor and display units.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             849 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                              July 8, 2016 Friday

@New screen S/C head;Samsung flags big jump in profit on strong S7 sales

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 509 words


Agence France-Presse

SEOUL

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;

Samsung Electronics yesterday flagged its biggest operating profit in more than
two years, boosted by cost-cutting efforts and solid sales of its latest
flagship smartphone.

The South Korean electronics giant, also the world's top handset maker,
predicted an operating profit of 8.1 trillion won (Bt246.8 billion) in April to
June, up 17 per cent from 6.9 trillion won a year ago.

It is the company's biggest operating profit since the first quarter of 2014 and
beat the average estimate of 7.4 trillion won from analysts surveyed by
Bloomberg News.

Analysts attributed the better-than-expected figures to the firm's aggressive
cost-cutting efforts and brisk sales of the Galaxy S7, the latest version of its
high-end, flagship smartphone.

"Samsung's mobile unit is believed to have performed well thanks to robust sales
of Galaxy S7s as well as an overhaul of its low-and mid-end handset line-up,"
said Peter Lee, analyst at NH Investment and Securities.

He estimated that in the second quarter the firm had sold more than 16 million
units of the S7, which was introduced in March ahead of new launches by
competitors, including Apple.

Samsung's mobile business accounts for the lion's share of the firm's overall
profit, which has been increasingly squeezed by competition both from Apple's
iPhone and by lower-end devices from Chinese rivals like Huawei.

Samsung shares rose 1.8 per cent to about 1.45 million won in early afternoon
trade.

@New Subhead;'Technological gap'

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;Samsung has bolstered its mid- to low-end
smartphone line-ups in a bid to expand in emerging markets, which are growing
faster than the largely saturated high-end markets.

The firm's aggressive cost-cutting in marketing played a key role in the strong
profit forecast, Greg Roh of HMC Investment said, warning of more competition
from Apple later this year.

"With Apple releasing new products in the latter half of the year ... I think
[Samsung's] earnings may drop in the second-half," he said.

But the firm's semiconductor business, which produces memory chips for Samsung
gadgets as well as clients including Apple, is likely to help offset a slump in
the mobile business, Lee said.

The semiconductor unit has helped buttress Samsung's profit margins, with its
operating profit largely outpacing the mobile business since late 2014. It
racked up operating profit of 12.8 trillion won last year, beating the 10.1
trillion won earned by the mobile unit.

The world's number two chipmaker has dominated production of faster,
larger-capacity chips using a technology called 3D NAND.

Samsung was the first to mass produce chips using the technology and is
producing the high-margin chips, used in mobile gadgets and hard drives for
servers, at its factories at home and in China.

Yesterday's forecast, which comes ahead of audited results to be released this
month, did not provide a net income figure or breakdown of divisional earnings
for the firm's mobile, TV, semiconductor and display units.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             850 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                              June 27, 2016 Monday

Biggest hardware leak Galaxy Note 7 identifies its important specs

LENGTH: 312  words


One of the biggest hardware leaks of the year has unveiled the specifications of
Galaxy Note 7, the upcoming phablet from Samsung

While we were always conflicted with the hardware specifications belonging to
Galaxy Note 7, one Chinese media has made the information available to us in the
form of a crucial leak. It was initially believed that the smartphone would be
coming with 64GB of internal storage, but the leak suggests something else
entirely because the Galaxy Note 7 will be available in the following storage
capacity models:

64GB
128GB
256GB

While the Galaxy Note 7 will be coming with a storage expansion slot, there's
nothing like gold old-fashioned flash memory that will really tip the scales in
your favor when you want high read and write speeds, which will also come in
quite handy when you're constantly recording 4K footage. Galaxy Note 7 is also
expected to come in the following colors:

Black
Silver
Blue

The phablet has also been rumored to come with a dual-camera, in order to stay
ahead of the competition. According to the leak, both cameras will be a 12.3MP
sensor present in Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge. The phablet has also been
rumored to come with a 4,000mAh battery. After all, if you're going to spend
over $900 on a flagship smartphone, then every penny will count. The question
now arises as to which chipset is going to be present inside the flagship.
Rumors state that it is either going to be a Snapdragon 821, which is different
from a Snapdragon 820 in the sense that its quad-core Kryo processor is running
at a higher clock speed.

Additionally, Galaxy Note 7 could also be running an Exynos 8890 with its CPU
running at a higher frequency. The smartphone is going to be announced during
the month of August, and whatever cool new features that we have not been
enlightened with this point will be made available to us at that time.

Source

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             851 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           October 12, 2016 Wednesday

Two Galaxy S8 models could be arriving during February; one with a 4K display

LENGTH: 327  words


Before MWC 2017 officially kicks off, Galaxy S8 could be unveiled in two models,
with one of them featuring a 4K display

With Galaxy Note 7 out of the picture, Samsung is going to have to rely on its
Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 edge and of course it's upcoming Galaxy S8, which is said
to get announced on February, which is exactly a day before MWC 2017 officially
kicks off. Now, according to Chinese sources, there isn't going to be a single
Galaxy S8 announced on the aforementioned date, but a total of two models, with
different screen sizes and surprisingly, different resolutions.

According to sources close the matter, the 5.1-inch Galaxy S8 is going to
feature a 2K display while the 5.5-inch model is going to feature the much
awaited 4K display. Samsung will most likely continue to use its Super AMOLED
displays on both models, and we all know that the company makes the best
possible smartphone displays on the planet, so seeing a Super AMOLED panel on a
4K resolution will certainly spice things up.

Unfortunately, the only problem here is that the 4K resolution will consume a
ton of battery life, which might end up frustrating customers. Remember that
Samsung can take advantage of the Galaxy S8's 5.5-inch screen size to bump up
the battery capacity, but the company can only go so far with this.

It is possible that the 4K resolution will be a smart display, and will actually
render content when it is absolutely necessary, such as viewing 4K videos and
rendering VR content. Remember Google's Daydream, the added horsepower and the
4K resolution of Galaxy S8 is going to play a pivotal role in augmenting the VR
smartphone experience for users out there.

There are two chipset models expected from the Galaxy S8; one will be running a
Snapdragon 830, while the other one will be running Exynos 8895. Both of these
will have hefty levels of horsepower necessary to render VR content and we'll be
looking forward to the official announcement soon.

Source

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             852 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             June 25, 2016 Saturday

Galaxy Note 7 gets a logo leak and its not what you expected

LENGTH: 364  words


Galaxy Note 7 has its name confirmed thanks to an image leak showcasing the
smartphone's logo, but it's definitely not what you expected

Samsung has effectively told us that the name of its upcoming Galaxy Note
flagship is not going to be called Galaxy Note 6, but Galaxy Note 7 thanks to
the latest leaked logo. The smartphone is expected to be this year's hottest
phablet Android smartphone and because of everything stacked inside it, Samsung
has probably given it a price tag that could cost you an arm or a leg, that is
of course if you decide to opt for a carrier service that best suits your
budget. According to a source, the unlocked model of Galaxy Note 7 is going to
carry a price of $799 Euros, or $904, which is not an affordable handset by any
means.

In fact, it puts the pricing of the unlocked model of iPhone 6s to shame, as it
costs $649. However, Samsung is going to make this Galaxy Note its greatest
ever, meaning that we will get to see quite a few changes, particularly from the
hardware side.

Galaxy Note 7 has been rumored to come with a dual-camera, in order to stay
ahead of the competition. We reckon that both cameras will be a 12.3MP sensor
present in Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge. With a Galaxy Note 5 coming without an
expandable storage card slot and a smaller battery compared to a Galaxy Note 4,
Galaxy Note 7 has been rumored to come with a 4,000mAh and bring back the
microSD card slot to facilitate users, so we really want to see more features as
we move up a generation. After all, if you're going to spend over $900 on a
flagship smartphone, then every penny will count.

The question now arises as to which chipset is going to be present inside the
flagship. Rumors state that it is either going to be a Snapdragon 823, which is
different from a Snapdragon 820 in the sense that its quad-core Kryo processor
is running at a higher clock speed. Additionally, Galaxy Note 7 could also be
running an Exynos 8890 with its CPU running at a higher frequency. The
smartphone is going to be announced during the month of August, and whatever
cool new features that we have not been enlightened with this point will be made
available to us at that time.

Source

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             853 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                WMI Company News

                              June 3, 2016 Friday

Samsung Pay arrives in Spain

LENGTH: 176 words


Samsung has launched its mobile payment service Samsung Pay in Spain. It's the
first European market to introduce the service, following the launches in US,
China, and South Korea.

The service will be supported by CaixaBank and imaginBank at launch, the company
said. It will also be available for Abanca and Banco Sabadell customers soon.

Samsung Pay only works on the Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 edge, Galaxy S6, S6 edge,
and S6 edge+. The Galaxy A5 2016 will also support the service Pay in the coming
weeks.

The South Korean company added that the service will be available at all stores
with contactless terminals throughout Spain and that a number of partnership
deals with leading businesses will be announced.

Samsung Pay Europe director Nathalie Oestmann said: "The Spanish market's
progressive approach to digital payments makes it a logical launch market for
Samsung Pay. We believe that the comprehensive support from telecom service
providers; networks and processors; and banks and merchants, will help to
accelerate mobile payments adoption across Spain."

LOAD-DATE: June 03, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 World Market Intelligence Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             854 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                            March 2, 2016 Wednesday
                              CourierMail Edition

Mobile moves

BYLINE: Jennifer Dudley-Nicholson

SECTION: SWITCHEDON; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 410  words


Jennifer Dudley-Nicholson finds some hot tech on show in Barcelona

GALAXY S7 SAMSUNG Australians who bought a water-resistant Galaxy S5 are likely
to be impressed with Samsung's smartphone update, just in time for their new
contract. The Galaxy S7 brings back water resistance and strengthens it, with a
better IP68 rating, allowing users to dunk this phone in freshwater for up to 30
minutes without adverse consequences. The 5.1-inch phone is 14g heavier than
before, but it also offers a faster octa-core chip, an extra gigabyte of RAM, a
significantly larger battery, and a redesigned camera that, while it shrinks to
12 megapixels, promises almost instant autofocus and uses a wide f1.7 aperture
to make the best out of low-light situations. $1149 / samsung.com/au

MATEBOOK HUAWEI Hybrid computers are growing in popularity and this slender
model from Huawei offers plenty of options to make it feel like a laptop.
MateBook sports a 12-inch screen, a metal body and a 10-hour battery life. It
powers through tasks with a 3.1GHz Intel chip and up to 8GB RAM, and runs
Windows 10 software. Unlike its rivals, the 640g, 6.9mm-thick computer also
features a fingerprint scanner on its side and a USB-C port for charging.
Accessories include the MatePen, a keyboard case with PU leather, and the
MateDock that offers extra ports.

$US699-$US1599 / consumer.huawei.com

XPERIA EAR SONY Not unlike the movie Her, this smart Sony device sits in your
ear and tells you important information. After connecting to a smartphone with
NFC and Bluetooth, the Ear can give you the weather forecast and read you news
stories, read out SMS, Facebook, or WhatsApp messages as they arrive, and can
even deliver street-by-street navigation so you don't have to look at a phone
screen. The Xperia Ear comes with a dock in which it charges, and its battery is
designed to last a full day with 31/2 hours of talk time. It also features
sensors, including an accelerometer and gyroscope.

price TBA / sony.com

360 CAM LG Some virtual reality content will be homemade this year, with cameras
such as this model from LG behind the push. The 360 Cam is a stick-shaped camera
with two 13-megapixel cameras on either side. It's simple to use: just hold it
in the air, snap a photo or 2K video, and view it on a connected smartphone.
Photos can be shared as a large flat image or added to Google's Street View or
YouTube360 as an interactive image that captures the entire room.price TBA /
lg.com.au

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Courier-Mail


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             855 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   Gulf Times

                           August 10, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung launches Galaxy Note 7

LENGTH: 630  words


Samsung Gulf Electronics' IT and Mobile Division head Tarek Sabbagh led the
regional launch of Galaxy Note7 in Dubai.


Samsung has launched the all-new Galaxy Note7 in Dubai recently, described as
its 'most intelligent smartphone' ever.
The Note7 will be available in the region, including Qatar, from August 19 in
Gold Platinum, Silver Titanium and Black Onyx colours with a recommended retail
price of QR2,999. A 128GB microSD card will be supplied to complement the 64GB
of internal memory.


Similar to the S7 and S7 Edge, the new Android sensation features a
water-resistant body backed by an advanced S Pen (IP68) and equipped with an
advanced camera.
The dual-pixel sensor technology, wide aperture and fast auto focus, work
together to create sharp and beautiful photos even in low-light environments.


In a press statement, Samsung noted that the Note7 also features top-of-the-line
security that combines Samsung Knox with biometric authentication, including a
new iris scanning feature, and immersive entertainment features with HDR video
streaming capabilities.
"With the Note7 we have reinvented the large-screen smartphone segment with a
unique combination of productivity tools, entertainment services and security
features," Samsung Gulf Electronics' IT and Mobile Division head Tarek Sabbagh
said.
"In addition, the Note7 powers a robust ecosystem that strikes a balance between
work and play, enabling people to achieve more than what they thought possible
on a smartphone not just faster but wherever and whenever," he added.
Besides offering an expandable storage and microSD support up to 256GB,
Samsung's new smartphone is also equipped with a 3,500mAh battery, easy Power
Management, and charges quickly using the new USB-C port.
While with the enhanced S Pen, users can bring ideas to life the moment
inspiration strikes without unlocking the screen by using Screen off memo and
simply pinning the memo to the Always On Display.
The S Pen also gives users the ability to easily create and share GIF animations
with Smart Select.
In addition, the new Air Command functions, including Magnify and Translate,
enable users to zoom in on the screen or convert languages with a simple hover
of the S Pen.
It is even easier to access the best of the S Pen's creative abilities with
Samsung Notes, a new unified app allowing users to jot down handwritten notes,
draw, or edit memos from one location.
The smaller 0.7mm tip and improved pressure sensitivity provides a real pen-like
experience. Due to its IP68 water resistant certification, the Note7 S Pen lets
users jot down their thoughts without interruption, even when the screen gets
wet.  The Note7 features a gorgeous, curved 5.7-inch QHD Super Amoled screen
delivering a bold and immersive picture on a smartphone. It is ready to stream
HDR video, enabling a cinema-like experience including brighter colours and a
deeper black, which ensure users get the full experience that the filmmaker
intended.
For people who live to create, tell stories and transport people to entirely new
worlds, the Note7 can be used with the new high-resolution (3840x1920) Gear 360
camera, to capture, edit and share 360-degree images videos on the go. These
memories can then be shared with friends via platforms including YouTube 360 and
Facebook, and can be relived with the ultra-immersive Gear VR.
Samsung has partnered with Holiday Factory, the leading package tour operator in
the Middle East, to offer holiday packages on the basis of "Buy One Get One
Free".
The packages are inclusive of round trip tickets, hotel accommodation, airport
transfers and a dedicated tour guide- savings can be more than QR4,000 for Qatar
residents who can choose to travel to locations including Dubai and the
Maldives.

(Syndigate.info).

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 183


                      Copyright 2016 Gulf Times Newspaper
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             856 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Cihan News Agency (CNA)

                            April 28, 2016 Thursday

Samsung's Q1 profit posts double-digit growth on smartphone sales

LENGTH: 533  words


SEUL (C[#x130]HAN)- Roundup
Samsung Electronics' first-quarter operating profit posted a double-digit growth
on the back of robust sales of Galaxy S7 smartphones, launched earlier than
forecast, the company said on Thursday.


Consolidated operating profit reached 6.68 trillion won (5.84 billion U.S.
dollars) in the January-March period, up 11.7 percent from a year earlier. From
the previous three-month period, the profit increased 8.7 percent.
It was an earnings surprise as it sharply surpassed market expectations of about
5.2 trillion won.
Revenue grew 5.7 percent over a year earlier to 49.78 trillion won in the first
quarter, and net income surged 63 percent to 5.25 trillion won.
The operating profit margin jumped to 13.4 percent, nearing to the 15 percent
level which Samsung achieved when posting a record-breaking earnings several
years ago.
The positive first-quarter earnings came as Samsung's mobile phone business
posted the highest profit in about two years. Samsung sold a total of 92 million
phones in the first quarter.
The local currency's depreciation to the dollar and the euro also contributed to
the profit growth, increasing repatriated overseas earnings.
The smartphone unit's operating profit reached 3.89 trillion won, accounting for
nearly two-thirds of the combined profit. It was up 74 percent from the previous
quarter and marked the largest since the second quarter of 2014.
Operating profits of Samsung's smartphone division stayed in the range of 2
trillion won in the past years due to global market slowdown, falling below the
level in the third and fourth quarters of 2014.
Samsung's Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge smartphones were released earlier than forecast
in the first quarter, resulting in profit growth in the smartphone division.
Low-end smartphone lineups were simplified, also helping boost profitability.
The semiconductor business logged 2.63 trillion won in operating profit, leading
Samsung's first-quarter earnings surprise. The company overcame sluggish market
conditions caused by a drop in DRAM memory chip prices.
The consumer electronics unit posted an operating profit of 510 billion won,
turning around from a loss of 140 billion won a year earlier. The turnaround
came on the back of strong demand for premium TVs and brisk sales of home
appliances in North America. Samsung sold 10 million LCD TVs during the quarter.

However, the display-making division registered an operating loss of 270 billion
won due to a decline in prices of LCD panels used for TV. Profitability in OLED
panels improved on rising usage of the panels in Galaxy S7 smartphones.

Samsung spent 4.6 trillion on facility investment, with 2.1 trillion won
invested in the chip-making division and 1.8 trillion won allocated to the
display business.
Samsung said that it will aggressively expand OLED facilities if necessary,
forecasting that demand for OLED used for smartphones will increase
continuously.
Meanwhile, Samsung decided to buy back its own shares worth about 2 trillion
won, which will be carried out in the next three months. The repurchased shares,
including 1.3 million common stocks and 0.32 million preferred shares, will be
cancelled. (Cihan/Xinhua)
Cihan C[#x130]HAN

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 223


                        Copyright 2016 Cihan News Agency
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             857 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                              June 10, 2013 Monday

Not so mousy

BYLINE: Edwin Kee

SECTION: ; 1-2-Know; LOCAL; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 675 words


NOT all mice are created equal. Introduced at Computex 2013, the Asus VivoMouse
comes with unique peripheral functions that allow it to act as a standalone
touchpad.

The new generation mouse may look strange at first glance and may need getting
used to, but I believe that the learning curve should not be too steep.

Its wide and flat design allows the VivoMouse to be used interchangeably as a
mouse and desktop touchpad.

Since it has wireless PC connectivity, it can also double up as a one-handed
control device, making it the perfect peripheral if your PC is set up in the
living room.

There is no word on pricing yet, but the Asus VivoMouse should be available in
the third quarter of this year. http://www.asus.com/

More Galaxy Tab 3 choices

SAMSUNG has expanded its Galaxy Tab 3 series by rolling out the 8-inch and
10.1-inch models which will deliver an expanded range of options.

The 8-inch Galaxy Tab 3 can be held and used with one hand, making it suitable
to view videos, play games and read e-books regardless of where you are. It
sports a slim bezel, and has Samsung's reading mode technology so that your eyes
will not tire after going through a few pages of your e-book.

Samsung's Sound Alive for Audio and Dolby Surround for Video Play cannot replace
the home theatre experience, but it maximises every sound so that you can enjoy
clearer dialogue, consistent volume levels, and superior audio. Navigation is
kept uniform with that of a smartphone experience, thanks to keys on the bezel
that are located at bottom.

Other features of the Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 series include S Translator and S
Travel. Pricing depends on the regions where the new Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 is
released. http://www.samsung.com

First 8-inch Windows 8 tablet

ACER'S Iconia W3 sets the tone forward by being the first 8-inch Windows 8
tablet in the industry. It is no pushover by any means, considering how it can
deliver entertainment and full PC capabilities in a single hand. You will get
Microsoft Office Home & Student 2013 pre-installed for free.

The Acer Iconia W3 weighs only 500g and is 0.45-inch thin. It comes with an
optional full-size Bluetooth keyboard, allowing you to type documents on the go
without relying on a virtual keyboard.

Considering how it runs full Windows 8, the Acer Iconia W3 will also be
compatible with x86 legacy Windows programs. An Intel Atom processor runs
proceedings from underneath the hood, where it can run for up to 8 hours on a
single charge, and sports WiFi connectivity. The 8.1-inch LED-backlit display at
1,280 x 800 resolution delivers stunning 720p video, and you have two cameras as
well at 2-megapixels each in the front and at the back. Other connectivity
options include a micro-HDMI and a micro-USB port, while you can augment the
32GB or 64GB internal memory with a microSD memory card. http://www.acer.com

Aspire S7 Ultrabook upgrade

ACER unveiled the upgraded version of its highly successful Ultrabook, the Acer
Aspire S7, at Computex 2013. The Aspire S7-392 comes with 30 per cent increased
battery life, giving users a whopping 7 hours, improvements to the keyboard as
well as support for WiDi (wireless displays). It comes with a 1080p IPS
touchscreen (10-point multi-touch) display that can be upgraded during your
online order to 2,560 ? 1,440 resolution. It will also be powered by the latest
Intel Haswell processor, which happens to be the 4th generation Core processor.

The Ultrabook sports a single-block aluminum unibody, and with support for
Intel's WiDi technology, you can now extend your Ultrabook's display to a TV or
another compatible large screen display in a wireless manner. This enables you
to stream video to your big screen TV in the living room for others to watch a
recently recorded video, as you work on the Aspire S7 itself.

The new model includes dual-array microphones and Acer's proprietary
PurifiedVoice technology, a Raid 0 solid state drive, and a Gorilla Glass 2
surface among others. It measures 12.9mm thin and weighs 1.3kg. Available from
July at RM1,450. http://www.acer.com

( END )

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                             858 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Al Watan (UAE - Arabic)

                             August 5, 2016 Friday

                    "جالاكسي إس 7 إيدج" أكثر هواتف أندرويد مبيعاً في النصف الأول

LENGTH: 288 words



 نشرت شركة أبحاث السوق Strategy Analytics تقريرها الجديد الذي أشارت فيه إلى تربع
      هاتف سامسونج جالاكسي إس 7 إيدج Galaxy S7 Edge ذو الشاشة المنحنية عرش هواتف
                       أندرويد الأكثر مبيعاً عالمياً في النصف الأول من عام 2016.



وتعتبر شركة سامسونج حالياً الشركة المصنعة للهواتف الوحيدة التي تمتلك ثلاثة هواتف
    أندرويد المتواجدة في القائمة والتي تعتبر الأعلى مبيعاً في جميع أنحاء العالم.
    وتؤكد هذه البيانات على اعتبار التغييرات التي قامت بها الشركة المصنعة للهواتف
   تغييرات مرحب بها، حيث كانت تعاني سامسونج حتى وقت قريب من انخفاض حاد في مبيعات
                                                                 الهواتف الذكية.
   ويأتي إطلاق سلسلة هواتف جالاكسي إس 7 الجديدة بمثابة طوق نجاة للشركة، حيث سمحت
    كمية الطلب الكبيرة على هذه المنتجات على إحياء حظوظ الشركة وحسنت من إيراداتها
                                      المالية على مدى الربعين الفصليين الماضيين.
   وانخفضت في الوقت نفسه شحنات هواتف آيفون بنسبة 16 في المئة لتصل إلى 91.6 مليون
    هاتف خلال النصف الأول من العام مقارنة بعدد 108.7 مليون هاتف مباعة خلال النصف
                                                              الأول من عام 2015.
     وتشير البيانات المنشورة إلى اعتبار هواتف "جالاكسي إس 7 إيدج" Galaxy S7 Edge
  و"آيفون 6? iPhone 6 و"آيفون 6 إس" iPhone 6S أكثر ثلاثة هواتف ذكية شعبية في تلك
                                                                الفترة من العام.
   وأشار التقرير أيضاً إلى حصول هاتف الفئة المنخفضة "جالاكسي جي 2" Galaxy J2 على
    المركز الثاني من حيث عدد الشحنات، بحيث يقدر عدد شحنات الهاتف بحوالي 13 مليون
                    هاتف، وحصل على حصة 2.3 في المئة من شحنات جميع هواتف أندرويد.
 بينما جاء هاتف "جالاكسي إس 7" Galaxy S7 في المركز الثالث من حيث عدد الشحنات بما
  يقدر بحوالي 11.8 مليون هاتف، ونسبة 2 في المئة من شحنات جميع هواتف أندرويد التي
                                          تم شحنها خلال النصف الأول من عام 2016.
   تجدر الإشارة إلى قيام شركة سامسونج بالأمس بكشف النقاب عن هاتفها الجديد من نوع
       فابليت والمسمى "جالاكسي نوت 7" Galaxy Note 7، والذي تأمل الشركة بأن يستمد
                                               ويستفيد من شعبية الهواتف السابقة.

                         http://imgs.syndigate.info/975/2777/78/147048765561.jpg




LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ARABIC; العربية

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 2777


                       Copyright 2016 Al Wathba For Media
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             859 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Telegraph (Australia)

                            March 2, 2016 Wednesday
                               Telegraph Edition

Mobile moves

BYLINE: Jennifer Dudley-Nicholson

SECTION: SWITCHEDON; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 527  words


Jennifer Dudley-Nicholson finds some hot tech on show in Barcelona

GALAXY S7 SAMSUNG Australians who bought a water-resistant Galaxy S5 are likely
to be impressed with Samsung's smartphone update, just in time for their new
contract. The Galaxy S7 brings back water resistance and strengthens it, with a
better IP68 rating, allowing users to dunk this phone in freshwater for up to 30
minutes without adverse consequences. The 5.1-inch phone is 14g heavier than
before, but it also offers a faster octa-core chip, an extra gigabyte of RAM, a
significantly larger battery, and a redesigned camera that, while it shrinks to
12 megapixels, promises almost instant autofocus and uses a wide f1.7 aperture
to make the best out of low-light situations. $1149 / samsung.com/au

MATEBOOK HUAWEI Hybrid computers are growing in popularity and this slender
model from Huawei offers plenty of options to make it feel like a laptop.
MateBook sports a 12-inch screen, a metal body and a 10-hour battery life. It
powers through tasks with a 3.1GHz Intel chip and up to 8GB RAM, and runs
Windows 10 software. Unlike its rivals, the 640g, 6.9mm-thick computer also
features a fingerprint scanner on its side and a USB-C port for charging.
Accessories include the MatePen, a keyboard case with PU leather, and the
MateDock that offers extra ports.

$US699-$US1599 / consumer.huawei.com

XPERIA EAR SONY Not unlike the movie Her, this smart Sony device sits in your
ear and tells you important information. After connecting to a smartphone with
NFC and Bluetooth, the Ear can give you the weather forecast and read you news
stories, read out SMS, Facebook, or WhatsApp messages as they arrive, and can
even deliver street-by-street navigation so you don't have to look at a phone
screen. The Xperia Ear comes with a dock in which it charges, its battery is
designed to last a full day with 31/2 hours of talk time. It also features
sensors, including an accelerometer and gyroscope, which could be used to
deliver more applications in future.

price TBA / sony.com

VIVE CONSUMER EDITION HTC The big guns in virtual reality are coming this year
and phone maker HTC used the Mobile World Congress to unveil the consumer
version of its advanced VR headset. The Vive, created with Valve, will not only
deliver virtual reality from a connected PC but it will connect to smartphones
to ensure players don't miss a phone call or a message. It will also feature a
camera to warn you when you're approaching real-world furniture, and use two
wireless controllers and two movement sensors to track you. Orders now being
taken.

$US799 / htc.com/au

360 CAM LG Some virtual reality content will be homemade this year, with cameras
such as this model from LG behind the push. The 360 Cam is a stick-shaped camera
with two 13-megapixel cameras on either side. It's simple to use: just hold it
in the air, snap a photo or 2K video, and view it on a connected smartphone.
Photos can be shared as a large flat image or added to Google's Street View or
YouTube360 as an interactive image that captures the entire room. Its images and
videos can also be viewed inside a virtual reality headset.price TBA / lg.com.au

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Telegraph


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             860 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                            June 15, 2016 Wednesday

New Products

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 507 words


Thinkware Dash Cam F770

DASH CAM

$698, available this month

Car owners who want to capture footage around their car even when not driving
should get the Thinkware Dash Cam F770 in-car dashboard camera.

Its time lapse photography feature records continuously at one frame per second
after the car has been parked.A Super Night Vision feature is said to record
visuals that are up to 10 times brighter than conventional dash cams, in
low-light conditions.

Panasonic Toughbook CF-20

LAPTOP

From $5,178

Panasonic called its Toughbook CF-20 the world's first fully rugged detachable
laptop. It features a magnesium alloy chassis and design with a rating of
MIL-STD 810G, which means it passes the US Military Standard for ruggedness.

It can work as a regular laptop when attached to a keyboard, and as a tablet
when detached. It has a 10.1-inch touchscreen display with 1,920 x 1,200 pixels,
and enhanced brightness levels for outdoor users. It is powered by an Intel Core
m5-6Y57 vPro chip with Intel HD Graphics 515 graphics processor, and runs on the
Windows 10 Pro operating system.

Secretlab Titan

GAMING CHAIR

$699, available next month

Singapore gaming-chair maker Secretlab has unveiled its largest chair. The
Titan's large seat base and tall backrest can accommodate a person who is up to
195cm tall and 130kg in weight.

It is the first Secretlab chair to feature integrated adjustable lumbar support,
whereby turning a knob on the side of the backrest will allow users to control
the support for their lower spine.

Oppo A37

SMARTPHONE

$289

This entry-level 5-inch smartphone packs a punch with a quad-core 64-bit
Snapdragon processor and 2GB of memory.

Available in gold and rose gold, the Oppo A37 comes with 16GB of storage, which
you can expand by an additional 128GB with a microSD card. The expandable memory
slot sits alongside two additional nano-SIM slots.

It has a 5-megapixel front-facing camera and 8-megapixel rear camera with both
having a large pixel sensor size of 1.4 microns to capture more light, and thus
better image quality.

Samsung Gear Fit2

FITNESS TRACKER

$298

Samsung's new Gear Fit2 not only monitors your daily physical activities, but it
is also equipped with a built-in GPS to track your running, and a heart rate
monitor to measure your exercise intensity.

A 1.5-inch curved touchscreen display lets you to stay up to date with your
fitness goals as well as notifications when paired with a smartphone. It doubles
as a music player with 4GB of internal memory for your favourite songs.

Mophie juice pack for Galaxy S7 and S7 edge

SMARTPHONE BATTERY CASE

$139

Mophie has launched its first wireless-charging battery case with the juice pack
for Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge. The case is compatible with Qi and other
wireless charging standards like Samsung's wireless charge pads.

The juice pack uses Mophie's proprietary Impact-Isolation System for extra
cushioning to the edges and corners of your S7 or S7 edge. Its 3,300mAh
rechargeable battery is said to provide an extra 60 per cent battery life.

Compiled by Trevor Tan

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             861 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            August 13, 2016 Saturday

Samsung Galaxy Note 7: First Impressions

BYLINE: Robin Sinha

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 859 words


NEW DELHI: Samsung has come a long way since it launched the first Galaxy Note
back in 2011. The latest in the series is the new Galaxy Note 7 phablet, which
as the company claims is the "most intelligent" smartphone till date. Samsung
launched its Galaxy Note 7 in India on Thursday at Rs 59,990 and will make it
available starting September 2. The device comes as a successor to the Galaxy
Note 5 that was launched last year along with the Galaxy S6 Edge+. Notably,
Samsung skipped one digit in the naming series to unify its portfolio across
products.Explaining the name Galaxy Note 7 instead of the Galaxy Note 6 the
company said, "There are a couple reasons why. First, the Galaxy Note 7 will
complement our Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge , and unify our product portfolio. Second,
the Galaxy Note 7 will minimize confusion about the latest mobile technology
from Samsung, and provide full alignment with Galaxy S smartphone."So now that
you know the reason behind the naming scheme of the Galaxy Note 7, let us dive
into the details as we spent some time with the flagship device at the
launch.The Galaxy Note 7 runs Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow out-of-the-box and
sports a 5.7-inch Quad HD dual-edge Super Amoled display with Corning Gorilla
Glass 5. It includes both an iris scanner and a fingerprint sensor.

The Indian version sports an octa-core Exynos processor clubbed with 4GB RAM.The
Galaxy Note 7 houses 64GB of in-built storage which can be further expanded by
microSD cards of up to 256GB capacity. Users will also receive 15GB of free
cloud storage on Samsung Cloud. On the camera front, the handset has a 12MP
dual-pixel rear-camera with Optical Image Stabilization, along with a 5MP
front-facing shooter.Some of the connectivity features included are 4G LTE, NFC,
Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS and USB Type-C. Backed by a 3,500mAh battery, the Samsung
Galaxy Note 7 also sports fast-charging technology as well. Samsung Galaxy Note
7 carries the same design profile that the company introduced with the Galaxy S6
and the Galaxy S6 Edge smartphones last year. The handset build is a mix of
glass and metal and has a dual-edge curved screen, all of which look
aesthetically pleasing. The Black Titanium colour variant was the best looking
among all because of its stealthy look.However, since the device features a
5.7-inch display, it might be difficult to use it with one hand. That is
expected as the Galaxy Note series was never made for one hand use. And that is
why a stylus, S Pen was included. The Galaxy Note 7 weighs 169 gram and measures
153.5mmx73.9mmx7.9mm in dimensions. It is also the company's first Galaxy Note
device to feature USB Type-C port.Not only the build is pleasing, the phablet is
impressively fast in launching applications and easily handles complex functions
of the S-Pen. Talking about the S Pen, the stylus has also been improved by the
company. It now has a 0.7mm thin diameter, making it more precise. We used the
stylus for some time and became familiar with its functionality quickly. While
most of the work can be done without using the S Pen, the device comes in handy
in cases when you need to take notes, sign a document, crop images quickly and
share it, or while doodling. The overall design looks almost the same as the
Galaxy Note 5's S Pen.The S Pen also lets users create and share GIF animations
with Smart Select option. There are new Air Command functions as well including
Magnify and Translate functionality. The Air Commands can also enable users to
zoom in on the screen or convert languages with a simple hover of the S Pen. It
possible to translate in 71 languages including 11 Indian languages using the
stylus.Flaunting the same camera sensor as used in the Galaxy S7 smartphones,
the Galaxy Note 7 comes with the ability to Live Broadcast content, Hyperlapse
mode, slow motion mode and more. The camera is snappy, which could be attributed
to its f1.7 aperture. The low-light images were also impressive. Samsung has
ramped up the security by introducing the iris scanner with the Galaxy Note 7.
The iris scanner makes use of the front-facing camera and asks user to keep the
handset at a particular distance from the face from where it can read both the
eyes. We used the feature and it worked flawlessly. Setting it up was easy as
well. Mind you, the tech requires to recognize both the eyes to unlock the
handset.Unfortunately, we were not able to test the performance and the battery
life in our limited time with the handset. However, we tried several apps along
with some S Pen functionalities, all of which worked without any glitches. We
are hoping the powerful octa-core Exynos processor won't disappoint. For the
battery, the device comes with three Power Saving mode profiles where users can
customise the brightness of the display and its resolution. According to us,
this is a much-needed feature as it could boast the battery life of the device
by few hours in crucial situations.However, not much could be deciphered about
the performance, battery life and other features of the Galaxy Note 7 until a
complete review has been done. So stay tuned.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             862 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            August 13, 2016 Saturday

Samsung Galaxy Note 7: First Impressions

BYLINE: Robin Sinha

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 859 words


NEW DELHI: Samsung has come a long way since it launched the first Galaxy Note
back in 2011. The latest in the series is the new Galaxy Note 7 phablet, which
as the company claims is the "most intelligent" smartphone till date. Samsung
launched its Galaxy Note 7 in India on Thursday at Rs 59,990 and will make it
available starting September 2. The device comes as a successor to the Galaxy
Note 5 that was launched last year along with the Galaxy S6 Edge+. Notably,
Samsung skipped one digit in the naming series to unify its portfolio across
products.Explaining the name Galaxy Note 7 instead of the Galaxy Note 6 the
company said, "There are a couple reasons why. First, the Galaxy Note 7 will
complement our Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge , and unify our product portfolio. Second,
the Galaxy Note 7 will minimize confusion about the latest mobile technology
from Samsung, and provide full alignment with Galaxy S smartphone."So now that
you know the reason behind the naming scheme of the Galaxy Note 7, let us dive
into the details as we spent some time with the flagship device at the
launch.The Galaxy Note 7 runs Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow out-of-the-box and
sports a 5.7-inch Quad HD dual-edge Super Amoled display with Corning Gorilla
Glass 5. It includes both an iris scanner and a fingerprint sensor.

The Indian version sports an octa-core Exynos processor clubbed with 4GB RAM.The
Galaxy Note 7 houses 64GB of in-built storage which can be further expanded by
microSD cards of up to 256GB capacity. Users will also receive 15GB of free
cloud storage on Samsung Cloud. On the camera front, the handset has a 12MP
dual-pixel rear-camera with Optical Image Stabilization, along with a 5MP
front-facing shooter.Some of the connectivity features included are 4G LTE, NFC,
Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS and USB Type-C. Backed by a 3,500mAh battery, the Samsung
Galaxy Note 7 also sports fast-charging technology as well. Samsung Galaxy Note
7 carries the same design profile that the company introduced with the Galaxy S6
and the Galaxy S6 Edge smartphones last year. The handset build is a mix of
glass and metal and has a dual-edge curved screen, all of which look
aesthetically pleasing. The Black Titanium colour variant was the best looking
among all because of its stealthy look.However, since the device features a
5.7-inch display, it might be difficult to use it with one hand. That is
expected as the Galaxy Note series was never made for one hand use. And that is
why a stylus, S Pen was included. The Galaxy Note 7 weighs 169 gram and measures
153.5mmx73.9mmx7.9mm in dimensions. It is also the company's first Galaxy Note
device to feature USB Type-C port.Not only the build is pleasing, the phablet is
impressively fast in launching applications and easily handles complex functions
of the S-Pen. Talking about the S Pen, the stylus has also been improved by the
company. It now has a 0.7mm thin diameter, making it more precise. We used the
stylus for some time and became familiar with its functionality quickly. While
most of the work can be done without using the S Pen, the device comes in handy
in cases when you need to take notes, sign a document, crop images quickly and
share it, or while doodling. The overall design looks almost the same as the
Galaxy Note 5's S Pen.The S Pen also lets users create and share GIF animations
with Smart Select option. There are new Air Command functions as well including
Magnify and Translate functionality. The Air Commands can also enable users to
zoom in on the screen or convert languages with a simple hover of the S Pen. It
possible to translate in 71 languages including 11 Indian languages using the
stylus.Flaunting the same camera sensor as used in the Galaxy S7 smartphones,
the Galaxy Note 7 comes with the ability to Live Broadcast content, Hyperlapse
mode, slow motion mode and more. The camera is snappy, which could be attributed
to its f1.7 aperture. The low-light images were also impressive. Samsung has
ramped up the security by introducing the iris scanner with the Galaxy Note 7.
The iris scanner makes use of the front-facing camera and asks user to keep the
handset at a particular distance from the face from where it can read both the
eyes. We used the feature and it worked flawlessly. Setting it up was easy as
well. Mind you, the tech requires to recognize both the eyes to unlock the
handset.Unfortunately, we were not able to test the performance and the battery
life in our limited time with the handset. However, we tried several apps along
with some S Pen functionalities, all of which worked without any glitches. We
are hoping the powerful octa-core Exynos processor won't disappoint. For the
battery, the device comes with three Power Saving mode profiles where users can
customise the brightness of the display and its resolution. According to us,
this is a much-needed feature as it could boast the battery life of the device
by few hours in crucial situations.However, not much could be deciphered about
the performance, battery life and other features of the Galaxy Note 7 until a
complete review has been done. So stay tuned.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             863 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                             August 7, 2016 Sunday
                             Business Times Edition

Samsung unveils a phablet you can unlock with your eyes

BYLINE: Arthur Goldstuck

SECTION: SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 577  words


Samsung unveils a phablet you can unlock with your eyes

IF there's one thing Samsung has learnt to do well over the years, it is
building on its successes.

The Galaxy S3 and S4 smartphones solidified the 5-inch display format as the
size of choice. Following these pace-setters, each successive flagship phone
packed more image-enhancement into a similar size.

The Galaxy S6 edge was the first phone with dual curved edges. Its successor,
the S7 edge, had better functionality on the edge screen and a boost in screen
size without increasing the size much. The cameras on both generations of edge
phone redefined the notion of image quality, leapfrogging the iPhone.

Meanwhile, the larger Galaxy Note had introduced the concept of the phablet,
confounding numerous critics of the "oversized" screen and S-Pen stylus by
becoming a wildly successful format. Apple eventually caved in under the weight
of Note sales, and offered an iPhone in phablet-level 5.5-inch display.

This week, the new Galaxy Note 7 was launched with a relatively low-key
celebration inside a New York theatre but packing in a legacy that shouted from
the rooftops.

Ostensibly a phablet, the combined impact of the various legacies has made it
something more. The 5.7-inch display uses a Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen
- it is highly sensitive to touch - and offers a pixel density of 518ppi (pixels
per inch). The iPhone 6s Plus, by contrast, is only 401ppi.

The camera comes right out of the S7 edge, with the same 12megapixel rear camera
and 26mm lens and, more importantly, a focal length of f/1.7, which makes it the
best phone camera on the market.

The rest of the camera's specifications add up to more features than early
smartphones had in total.

Simultaneous 4K (double high-definition) video and 9MP image recording, HDR
video, face and smile detection, touch focus, HDR video and geotagging mean this
is not your father's phone camera. It's not even your older brother's phone
camera.

However, the curved edges of the device are what stand out. Where the S7
dual-edge curved screen makes for a stunning front view of the phone, the Note 7
offers both dual-edge curved screen and curved rear edges that flow smoothly
from front to back. The result is a silky and comfortable grip, and probably a
resistance to buying phone covers that will rob the user of one of the most
tactile experiences available in smartphones.

If the Note 7 sounds like an aggregation of everything Samsung has packed into
previous Galaxy devices - everything that has worked, that is - there is one
feature that leads the brand into the next phase of smart devices.

It uses an iris scanner to authenticate the user and extends this functionality
into the Samsung Pay app for those markets where this mobile payments
application has been rolled out.

More significantly, the iris scanner will be used in conjunction with a new
authentication service called Samsung Pass, for security-sensitive websites and
apps like online banking and transactions. In the US, Bank of America, Citibank
and US Bank have all agreed to integrate the technology into their systems.

An enhanced S-Pen, with a much thinner nib, expandable storage up to 256GB, a
heavyweight 3500mAh battery and water-resistant technology are improvements that
suggest Samsung has still not reached the edge of handset evolution.

oGoldstuck is the founder of World Wide Worx and editor-in-chief of
Gadget.co.za. Follow him on Twitter and Instagram @art2gee

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             864 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                            October 14, 2016 Friday
                                 Early Edition

Smartphone returns begin

SECTION: NATIONAL POST; Pg. N5

LENGTH: 80 words


Samsung says Canadians with Galaxy Note 7 smartphones can start returning the
devices as part of a global safety recall following reports of overheating
batteries that pose a fire hazard. Samsung Electronics Canada Inc. of
Mississauga, has advised consumers to return the phones to the stores where they
were bought. They can be exchanged for a Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 Edge phone, or
customers can opt for a full refund. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc.
All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Windsor Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                             865 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           October 12, 2016 Wednesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

So you have a Galaxy Note 7 ... Here's what you need to do

BYLINE: Eli Blumenthal, @eliblumenthal, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 509 words


It's official: The Galaxy Note 7 is dead.

After a tumultuous week of reports that replacement Galaxy Note 7s were
overheating and catching fire, and a warning from the U.S. Consumer Product
Safety Commission that users should turn off and stop using their devices,
Samsung on Tuesday announced it was discontinuing the popular but problematic
phone.

Here are a few answers to some questions you might have:

How can I exchange my Note 7?

All  major carriers and  retailers  have stopped sales of the Note 7 and are
allowing you to bring the phones in to exchange them for a phone of your choice.

If you have a Note 7, head to your local AT&T, Best Buy, Sprint, T-Mobile or
Verizon store and you can get rid of the phone today. AT&T will even give you a
loaner phone if the phone you want, such as an iPhone 7 Plus, is back-ordered.

But not every carrier is doing this. T-Mobile told USA TODAY it was not doing a
similar offer.

But before you leave home, back up your phone's data, including your contacts.
You can do this via several apps, including through Google in settings. Just go
to Settings, then Accounts, Backup and Reset. Make sure the "backup my data"
option is toggled on in the Google account section (though if you're staying
with Samsung you can backup there as well) and that you're on Wi-Fi.

What if I've already paid for the phone or am on a payment plan?

No worries. The carriers are refunding any payments you've made for the phone,
regardless of whether you paid for it all upfront or are using one of the
monthly payment plans. If you are on a payment plan that will be canceled,
there's no need to worry about future payments.

What if I want to keep it?

The Note 7 was an excellent device and inspired a lot of love from customers.
That said, the problem with the Note 7 and its  battery is very real. There is a
reason why Samsung, the Federal Aviation Administration, wireless carriers and
the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission have all said to stop using the
phones.

We still don't know what's causing them to catch on fire, just that the problem
is widespread enough to result in the drastic step of Samsung killing off the
product less than two months after it went on sale. Phones, even the
replacements, have been catching on fire.

Even if your phone seems fine, it could overheat at any moment. Return it.

What are the best replacement options?

If you want to stick with Samsung, check out the Galaxy S7 Edge, which has many
of the Note's impressive features. Samsung is even partnering with carriers to
offer a $25 gift card, bill credit or store credit to incentivize returns.
Check with your carrier for exact details (AT&T's only applies if you buy a new
Samsung phone such as the Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge).

Apple's new iPhone 7 Plus is in stores and it, too, has nice improvements.

The LG V20 and Google Pixel XL are two other strong contenders coming out over
the next couple of weeks. The latest Moto Z phones from Motorola, the HTC 10
from HTC and OnePlus 3 are solid options if you want to stick with Android but
not with Samsung.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo cpsc.gov

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             866 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The National

                              May 23, 2016 Monday

Gadget review: HTC 10 smartphone a welcome return to form

BYLINE: John Everington

LENGTH: 587  words


John Everington

The HTC 10 is a welcome return to form for the beleaguered Taiwanese smartphone
pioneer after the relative disappointment of last year's M9.

It sports a beautiful display, a long overdue design overhaul and superb audio.
And while it's up against some stiff competition from the likes of Samsung and
LG, it does enough to appeal to those of us with fond memories of HTC classics
like the M8.

With the 10, HTC has finally ditched the stylish but dated design of the One
series, swapping the machined metal trim for an all-glass front with chamfered
edges, with a single bezel that doubles as a speedy fingerprint reader.

It's not up there with the Galaxy S7 Edge in terms of design (at the moment,
nothing is) but at long last HTC has produced a handset with the sort of design
a flagship device needs and deserves.

Also upgraded is the 5.2-inch Super LCD5 display, which eschews the
retina-searing Amoled colour palette of its Samsung rivals in favour of a more
naturalistic palette akin to the LG G5. Regardless of what you prefer, the
trailer for Batman v Superman looks great, with warm colours and sharp
contrasts.

Camera-wise, the HTC 10 sports a 12-UltraPixel rear- facing camera and f/1.8
lens. Translated into English, that means it takes pictures that have fine
colour saturation and an impressive level of detail, even in lowlight
conditions. For selfie lovers, there's a pretty standard 5MP front-facing
camera.

Also of note is the HTC's much trumpeted BoomSound audio system. While the 10's
external speakers are nothing to write home about, listening to music via
headphones was noticeably better than on my iPhone, with a brighter, more
rounded audio experience that has to be heard to be believed.

Retailing for Dh2,399 the HTC 10 faces tough competition from the Samsung's
Galaxy S7 range and the LG G5, which still have the edge in terms of design and
camera. That being said, HTC's latest is a serious contender once again - its
design, screen and audio in particular making it worthy of serious
consideration.

q&a handset can save the day

John Everington expands on what the HTC 10 smartphone has to offer:

So is this the handset to reverse HTC's fortunes?

That's what HTC must be praying for. Earlier this month, the company announced a
US$148 million loss for the first quarter and a really quite worrying 64 per
cent drop in revenues. So there's a lot riding on the 10 and the HTC Vive, the
company's virtual reality headset.

So what else is noteworthy about the HTC 10?

HTC describe it as being "mercilessly engineered", which either signifies
questionable labour practices or, more likely, an overenthusiastic marketing
division. Aside from the lovely chamfered edges there are some nice touches,
such as the ridged power button on the right-hand side and the
fingerprint-reader bezel with no moving parts. The headphone socket is on the
top edge, which takes a little getting used to.

That's all very nice. How "merciless" is the battery?

The HTC 10 comes with a 3,000 mAh battery (chargeable via USB-C), the same size
as the Galaxy S7, while a little bigger than the LG G5 but smaller than the S7
Edge. Battery life is solid if not spectacular. Put through its paces with a
healthy dollop of video and audio streaming and 20 minutes of gaming, it just
about lasts to the end of the day.

And the colours ... ?

It comes in "Carbon" Gray, "Topaz" Gold and "Glacier" Silver. It is not
available in Rose Gold, Pink Gold, or any other imaginative way of describing
the colour pink.

jeverington@thenational.ae

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 818


                     Copyright 2016 Abu Dhabi Media Company
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             867 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Facebook backs new Samsung phones

BYLINE: Ciara O'Brien

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 315 words


Samsung unveiled its new S7 and S7 Edge phones in a virtual reality-heavy
presentation that also included the launch of a 360-degree camera, the Gear 360.

But the announcements took second place to a surprise appearance by Facebook
founder Mark Zuckerberg, who took to the stage to explain why Facebook and its
VR company Oculus was backing Samsung.

"VR is the next platform," he said, adding that the current trend for using the
technology for gaming and entertainment was already changing. "That's why
Facebook is investing early on," he said.

Samsung has dabbled in virtual reality for some time, releasing the consumer
version of its Gear VR headset late last year.

But Samsung is facing competition from fellow mobile phone firms HTC, which has
developed the Vive system in collaboration with Valve, and LG, which showed off
its virtual reality headset earlier yesterday.

Although Samsung has worked with Oculus on the headset, it still requires a
smartphone - the S6, S6Edge, Note 4 or S6 Edge Plus - to work.

The Gear 360 will allow consumers to create their own content, sharing it with
friends and family.

Samsung had been widely expected to debut the Galaxy S7 at the Unpacked event in
Barcelona, with some details leaking in recent days.

The new Galaxy handsets have been made more powerful, and bring back some of the
features removed from its predecessor, including the MicroSD card slot to expand
memory and the water resistant IP68 rating.

Mobile World Congress (MWC) has become a key smartphone event in the technology
calendar, with future technologies being broadly discussed.

This year is also expected to see discussion on 5G internet - the next
generation of wireless data for phones which will bring faster internet speeds
to mobile devices   which could arrive by 2017.

Mobile World Congress officially opens today and runs until Thursday.
-(Additional reporting Reuters)

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             868 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                     September 26, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Samsung VR Headset To Now Have Xbox Wireless Controller Support

BYLINE: Wrik Sen

LENGTH: 299  words


The addition of the XBox Wireless Controller Support from Microsoft should
please fans of Minecraft game.

The Samsung VR headset users just got themselves a bonanza, with Microsoft
lending support for the XBox Wireless Controller to the device. During lengthy
gaming sessions especially, fans of the Minecraft game have trouble performing
due to the lack of integration for wireless support, making handling rather
tough during engaging gaming sessions. Though the Gear VR, powered by Facebook's
Occulus, has its own D-Pad, but does not add up to much without the controller.

Microsoft published a note on the blog, "Today, we're excited to announce that
the new Xbox Wireless Controller, will soon be compatible with
controller-enabled games on Samsung Gear VR starting with Minecraft: Gear VR
Edition. In addition, broader support across all Gear VR controller-enabled
titles like Herobound, Spirit Champion, Omega Agent, and End Space will be
available in the coming months."

Microsoft also mentioned to the audience, "right inside the world of Minecraft
and build, explore and battle mobs - all with a fresh perspective." Come this
October, and Microsoft will be lending the gaming support for Android devices,
which will ensure that the wireless controller will work directly with the Gear
VR device. But before this updates, the users will need to download the update
for the controller, following which the connection via bluetooth can be setup.

For gaming fans in general, there is valid reason to cheer for Microsoft, as the
company is working on making it compatible with controller supported Gear-VR
games and some future games too. Some of the listed phones from the Samsung
stable are as follows; Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 edge, Galaxy Note 5, Galaxy s6
edge+, Galaxy S6, or Galaxy S6 edge.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             869 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                            August 18, 2016 Thursday

Samsung optimistic about Thai smartphone growth

LENGTH: 419  words


The local smartphone market is likely to improve in the second half this year
after growing by 1-3% in the first half, says Thai Samsung Electronics, a Thai
unit of South Korea's smartphone maker.

The improvement will be driven by intense competition among international phone
makers as well as 4G service operators, said Wichai Pornpratang, corporate
vice-president for IT and mobile communications of Thai Samsung Electronics.

Smartphones still recorded growth during the economic slowdown, he said. The
device remains important to Thais, who spend over four hours a day on mobile
phones.

"We see positive signals of economic improvement and consumer purchasing power
happening in the second half of the year," said Mr Wichai.

Smartphone sales for the year will grow only 5%, with at least 60% of new
smartphones 4G-enabled, he said. Under current economic circumstances, the
replacement cycle for smartphone is 18-24 months.

Samsung introduced the Galaxy Note 7 yesterday, its flagship smartphone, to
cement its market leadership in Thailand.

Samsung Thailand's sales beat its projection in the first half thanks to the
popularity of the Galaxy S7, J and A series. In the second half, the Galaxy Note
7 is expected to attract 1 million existing Galaxy Note users to change their
phones.

"Our pre-booking orders for the Galaxy Note 7 in Thailand are higher than the
Galaxy S7 by 30-40%, while in South Korea they were doubled," said Mr Wichai.

The new model has a 5.7-inch display screen, 64 gigabytes of storage, an S Pen
that can write on wet screens and an iris scanner for security control including
instant translation.

The product will be available from Sept 9 for 28,900 baht, though users who
pre-book can pick one up on Sept 2-4. The launch was delayed from Aug 19 because
of the complexity of advanced features like the iris scanner as well as the
flood of orders.

He said big-screen smartphones larger than 5.5 inches and priced around US$600
are gaining in popularity, driving premium smartphone sales globally, including
in Thailand. Large-screen smartphones will account for 35% of total unit
shipments and half of revenue globally in 2016, said Mr Wichai.

Larger-screen smartphone users also spend more time with their devices than
those with regular-sized screens -- 20% longer for entertainment applications,
32% longer when playing games and 59% longer for business and finance apps, he
said.

Mr Wichai said premium smartphones account for 15-20% of smartphone shipments
and 40-50% of revenues in Thailand.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             870 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               paymentssource.com

                            June 15, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung Pay Launches in Australia with Chase and Citi

BYLINE: Tanaya Macheel

SECTION: GLOBAL Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 221  words


Samsung Pay has launched in Australia with support from American Express and
Citigroup, though it said it is expanding its "partnership ecosystem."

In the last year Samsung Pay has gone live inSouth Korea, the United
States,Chinaand most recently, Spain. Australia seemed a promising market
opportunity with its high demand for contactless payments and successful launch
in neighboring regions, Elle Kim, global vice president of Samsung Pay's mobile
communications business, said in a June 15 press release. The company has
processed more than $1 billion of transactions in South Korea alone since its
August launch.

Samsung's mobile wallet, like Apple Pay and Android Pay, enables Near Field
Communication-based contactless payments at the point of sale. However, it also
employs a magstripe signal to support payments not made on NFC terminals -
something unique to Samsung among the other mobile payments services.

"Samsung Pay adopts an open engagement model, designed to support payment and
non-payment cards from multiple providers. By doing this, Samsung can operate
seamlessly with a wide range of partners, systems and payment channels," Kim
added.

Samsung Pay is available to Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge, Galaxy S6 edge+, Galaxy
Note 5, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge users in Australia. Availability varies by
local operator.

URL: http://www.paymentssource.com

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PAYMENTSSOURCE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             871 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Business Times Singapore

                            April 13, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung banks on virtual reality to stand out;
It is playing for a bigger game by differentiating from lower-cost brands.

BYLINE: Amit Roy Choudhury , Samsung banks on virtual reality to stand out

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; Top Stories; COOL STUFF

LENGTH: 1244 words


REPORTS coming out from Samsung Electronics show that the company is on course
to post a better-than-expected 10 per cent increase in its first-quarter
profits, riding on robust sales of its new flagship smartphones, the Galaxy S7
4G+ and the S7 Edge 4G+.

The South Korean company said its January-March quarter profits are expected to
be around 6.6 trillion won (S$7.77 billion), up from six trillion won a year
ago. This beats analyst estimates which, according to Bloomberg News, was 5.53
trillion won. This kind of wide discrepancy between analysts' consensus and
actual results are quite rare, especially for a company as closely followed as
Samsung.

One reason for analysts being off-target could be that they did not anticipate
just how much of a hit this year's flagship phones would be. According to
reports coming out of Korea, Samsung expects to sell around 10 million units in
the one month since the phones' debut in March. This is around three times the
number of S6 phones sold last year in the one month after release.

It's interesting that the two versions of S7 are so popular despite being,
essentially, just an incremental improvement over last year's model. The jump
from the S5 of 2014 to the S6 in 2015 was a much more radical move for Samsung.
After turning a deaf ear to complaints on the use of cheap plastic on its
phones, Samsung finally gave users a full metal and glass phone, which was
aesthetically up there among the best designed phones of 2015.

In hindsight, one can say Samsung didn't get some things right with S6. In
previous years, users liked Samsung, despite its love for plastic, because it
was only one of the few companies which made phones with expandable storage,
replaceable battery and waterproofing. Inexplicably, Samsung ditched all three
when it came out with the S6. And so despite coming up with a lovely looking
phone, Samsung didn't excite buyers.

This year, Samsung listened and made amends. Expandable storage is back as is
waterproofing. A replaceable battery was not included but the battery size was
bumped up considerably, enough to get through a day's worth of usage. It's no
surprise that the buyers are back, everybody loves a company that listens to its
customers.

At one level, one could say, Samsung's intention with its flagship smartphone
this year was to build a phone that people like and buy. But this is something
every mobile phone company aspires to do. In today's world of mass produced
components, China manufacturing and economies of scale, that is not enough. It's
getting increasingly difficult to distinguish one top end phone from another,
especially if they run on the Android operating system. Just ask HTC, for
example.

Even Apple, with its built-in exclusivity, is finding it difficult to
distinguish itself - one reason why it is also changing strategy, abandoning its
one-phone-for-all strategy and coming out with different-sized phones which
operate behind its walled garden.

With the onslaught from the Chinese phone makers such as Xiaomi, Oppo and
Huawei, which offer powerful phones at much lower price points, established
phone giants need to change tactics in order to differentiate themselves and
justify the premium that they charge. The operating word here is eco-system.

Phone buyers are willing to pay extra because they are spending not just on the
device but also the eco-system that comes with it. This is one reason Apple can
afford to price their phones higher than anyone else.

Samsung has also been trying to build for itself an eco-system that
distinguishes its phones from copy cats. It has the financial muscles as well as
risk-taking appetite to try something different. And it's betting big on the
emerging technology of virtual reality (VR) by trying to create a VR eco-system
centred around its flagship smartphones. Last year's S6 was a trial balloon of
sorts. This year, it's the real deal. The S7 fits into this VR niche perfectly.

The new S7 phones have a "VR optimised" Snapdragon 820 chipset which takes care
of the phone heating issues that the S6 suffered from when used with the Samsung
Gear VR headsets. The South Korean company also has a Gear 360 camera in the
works which will allow users to make VR content themselves.

Explaining the company's strategy, Samsung's Eugene Goh told The Business Times:
"With the bundle offer of the Gear VR with the Galaxy S7 4G+ and S7 Edge 4G+;
which was only available upon the successful pre-order of the phones, Samsung
hopes to reward our loyal customers for their support while providing them an
opportunity to enjoy an elevated mobile experience with the Gear VR."

Mr Goh is vice-president, IT & Mobile, Samsung Electronics Singapore.

He added that Samsung wanted to enhance the way its customers experience life
and redefine the way they use their mobile devices. "We are developing and
continuously enriching an eco-system that goes beyond hardware and device
connectivity for them."

Mr Goh noted that VR has grown to be one of the biggest tech trends to watch for
and has evolved to be one of the dominant parts of consumer mobile
entertainment. "Samsung believes that there is an incredible amount of potential
for VR and the possibilities it brings for the mobile experience of our
customers, which is why we are continuously exploring ways to build on this
technology since the introduction of the first innovator edition in 2014."

He noted that, with access to an eco-system of experiential content, the Gear VR
allows users to enjoy a truly immersive and cinematic virtual reality experience
while letting them redefine how they share experiences and memories. "From
experiencing roller coaster rides, riding a Harley Davidson motorcycle or
reliving the memories of winter skiing at the mountains, the Gear VR reinforces
Samsung's goal to elevate the mobile entertainment experience for consumers to
the next level, opening up a world of possibilities for them."

Another ace up Samsung's sleeve is its payments service, Samsung Pay, which is
its version of an e-wallet. The service, which works in tandem with the finger
print sensor on the phones, is already available in South Korea and the US - and
will kick off later this year in Singapore, possibly before Apple Pay. Samsung
has already signed up banks such as DBS, OCBC and Standard Chartered Bank for
the service.

One advantage that Samsung Pay has over Apple Pay is that it can be used on
existing POS (point of sales) terminals, unlike Apple Pay which needs special
POS terminals. This can ensure a seamless rollout - any NFC (near field
communication) enabled POS device will be able to accept Samsung Pay.

Mr Goh noted that smartphones were an integral part of consumers' daily lives.
"Samsung understands the importance of our customers' experience and interaction
with their devices."

While looking at numbers showing how many units are shipping is an important
measure of success in the cut-throat world of smartphone sales, Samsung is
playing for a bigger game, one that it hopes will differentiate itself from
lower-cost China brands. The Korean giant understands it can never compete on
price with these brands.

What it wants is to create an eco-system where users will buy phones not just
because of price or looks but also the total experience that the devices offer.
This year's flagship models by Samsung may be remembered more for pushing the
South Korean company further on this path, rather than for just for how million
units are shipped.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             872 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                        June 3, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

EMPIRE Introduces SLIM SHOCK Series for iPhone 6/6s, iPhone 6 Plus/6S Plus, and
iPhone SE

BYLINE: Empire Cell Phone Accessories

LENGTH: 341  words


Riverside, CA,  June 03, 2016 --(PR.com)-- EMPIRE Cell Phone Accessories is
proud to announce the launch of its newest phone case series, the MPERO SLIM
SHOCK Flexible Bumper Protection Case Series for the iPhone 6/6s, iPhone 6
Plus/6S Plus, and iPhone SE. Available in time for Father's Day, this new phone
case series is available today online and in their Riverside, CA Retail
Showroom.

This phone case may be slim, but it was made for protection. On the interior of
the SLIM SHOCK, there are hundreds of circular shock absorbing spacers that
create a cushion of air for an additional layer of protection. The corners of
phones are extremely vulnerable, and easily broken upon impact, that's why the
SLIM SHOCK is designed with bumpers around the edges to prevent serious damage
from clumsy drops or accidental falls. The ribbed sides of the case are
ergonomically designed for a comfortable grip. The case comes in clear, as well
as translucent tints of gold and pink for those who want to add a hint of color.

The MPERO SLIM SHOCK Series case for the iPhone 6/6S, iPhone 6 Plus/6S Plus, and
iPhone SE are available today on empirecase.com for $8.99 each. Additional MPERO
SLIM SHOCK Series cases are available for Samsung Galaxy S7, Samsung Galaxy S7
Edge, Samsung Galaxy Note 5, Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime, and Samsung Galaxy J1
(2016).

About EMPIRE

Launched in 2011 by a cell phone case designer who was fed up with limited cell
phone case options, EMPIRE believes that every cell phone user is unique and has
a right to a case that suits them perfectly. That's why designer Laura Land and
her team spend three months each year researching current trends and styles
before designing each year's collection of cases. Available for all major brands
and styles, EMPIRE offer everything from striking solids to bold designs for men
and women. With a goal to offer high quality at low prices, EMPIRE focuses on
bundle sales and always offers free worldwide shipping on all orders. To learn
more or find your perfect case, visit www.empirecase.com today.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             873 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                              June 6, 2016 Monday

Galaxy S7 at water park '

LENGTH: 43 words


Samsung Electronics models demonstrate the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge at the
Caribbean Bay water park in Yongin, Gyeonggi Province, Sunday. The electronics
maker said the smartphones are waterproof and are not damaged in shallow water.

/ Courtesy of Samsung Electronics

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             874 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                           February 18, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

It's mobile showtime!;
Star Tech

BYLINE: DAVE SNELLING

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 346 words


IF you're addicted to your smartphone there's a major event ahead.

Mobile World Congress opens in Barcelona this weekend with some of the biggest
names in tech set to unveil their shiny new handsets.

StarTech will be packing our bags and heading to Spain to bring you all the news
and goss but, for now, here's everything you need to know about what's to come.

SAMSUNG

WHAT IT'S LAUNCHING: Galaxy S7 and S7 edge.

WHEN: Sunday, February 21. Samsung's Galaxy S6 and S6 edge were, without doubt,
the best smartphones of 2015. Now the Korean giant is expected to unveil two
all-new Galaxies.

They are rumoured to be faster, more powerful and feature improved cameras and
the welcome return of expandable storage.

SONY

WHAT IT'S LAUNCHING: New wearables.

WHEN: Monday, February 22. Sony has recently updated its smartphone range so
we're not expecting to see a new flagship phone. But there's a chance they may
update their budget range and it's been a while since Sony launched a new
smartwatch. We could also see a revamp of its fitness trackers with a new range
of its popular SmartBands.

HTC

WHAT IT'S LAUNCHING: HTC Vive.

WHEN: Monday, February 22.

If you're an HTC fan you might be disappointed. The Taiwanese firm isn't likely
to unveil its new M10 flagship phone until the spring but there is still plenty
of excitement as they will be showing their latest updates to the Vive VR
headset.

APPLE

WHAT IT'S LAUNCHING: N/A

WHEN: N/A Apple doesn't attend Mobile World Congress so don't expect any iPhone
news but we reckon its next big event will be unveiling a new iPhone and iPad
next month.

LG

WHAT IT'S LAUNCHING: LG G5 WHEN: Sunday, February 21.

StarTech wasn't a big fan of LG's last flagship phone.

Although the G4 had a good screen and camera, its plastic design and average
battery life were major disappointments.

Now LG looks set to return to its former smartphone glory with the launch of the
G5. There's plenty to be excited about with rumours suggesting an all-metal
design, always-on display, a new smart case and quick access to the battery. It
may also feature new camera technology.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DST


                       Copyright 2016 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             875 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Fraser Coast Chronicle (Queensland)

                             March 1, 2016 Tuesday

Hi-tech's game of phones;
On your marks, handset, go ... and 92,000 came to watch the challenge

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 468  words


By MARK FURLER

in Barcelona

IF YOU think your house is already swimming with mobile devices, you ain't seen
nothing yet.

Tech giants Samsung, LG, Huawei, Sony, Microsoft, Intel, Qualcomm and more have
unveiled a mind-boggling array of new gadgets at Mobile World Congress in
Barcelona.

The event is the mobile phone industry's biggest gathering with more than 95,000
people checking out new products and prototypes from more than 2000 exhibitors.

LG arguably stole the show with its super bright "it's time to play" display.

The Korean giant launched its new G5 phone with a removable battery and super
wide 135-degree camera.

But it's the line-up of accessories that go with it that has everyone talking.

They're called Friends and apparently the more you have, the happier you will
be. You even have a Friends Manager app on your phone to quickly connect and
control them all.

Top of the range is the Rolling Bot, a ball-shaped drone that can take photos
and video, chase your cat, tease it with a red laser on the floor, or remotely
control your TV and audio equipment.

It hooks up to your wireless network at home and can be controlled via your G5
from anywhere you have a connection.

The built-in camera can shoot 1080p video or 8-megapixel stills and it comes
with 512MB of RAM, and a bundled 16GB microSD card. It is expected to sell for
about $US500 later this year.

LG's range also includes a VR headset which is a lot slimmer and lighter than
Samsung's Gear VR. There's also a new attachment to your phone for photography
that includes easier controls and extra battery life.

LG also unveiled a 360-degree camera and plug-in module developed by Bang &
Olufsen to deliver high-end 32 bit DAC sound to your phone via a headset or your
home stereo.

But when it comes to phones, Samsung's spectacular Galaxy S7 and S7 edge will be
hard to beat in 2016.

The S7 features one of the best cameras ever released with extreme low light
capabilities and super quick focus.

The new Galaxy edge has a stunning curved display, better battery life, water
and dust resistance and the return of the microSD card. More on the S7 on our
website.

Samsung too has its own clever little ball which is designed to capture 360
degree vision from two 180 degree cameras shooting images of up to 15
megapixels.

Its video capability is just shy of 4k quality.

What makes the Gear 360 particularly clever is the way you can stitch images and
video from the two cameras together on your Samsung smartphone.

You can even share it straight to a Gear Virtual Reality headset or to others
via 360 capabilities in Facebook and YouTube.

Samsung and Facebook see 2016 being the year of an explosion in virtual reality
devices and 360-degree videos.

Those who order the S7 in the next couple of months will be given a Gear VR
headset worth more than $150.

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FFC


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             876 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       Sunshine Coast Daily (Queensland)

                           February 27, 2016 Saturday

Gadgets galore at world congress

BYLINE:  MARK FURLER

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 477  words



HIGHLIGHT: Tech giants showcase what's new


IF you think your house is already swimming with mobile devices, you ain't seen
nothing yet.

Tech giants Samsung, LG, Huawei, Sony, Microsoft, Intel, Qualcomm and more have
unveiled a mind-boggling array of new gadgets at Mobile World Congress in
Barcelona.

The event is the mobile phone industry's biggest gathering with more than 95,000
people checking out new products and prototypes from more than 2000 exhibitors.

LG arguably stole the show with its super bright "it's time to play" display.

The Korean giant launched its new G5 phone with a removable battery and super
wide 135-degree camera.

But it's the line-up of accessories that go with it that has everyone talking.

They're called Friends and apparently the more you have, the happier you will
be. You even have a Friends Manager app on your phone to quickly connect and
control them all.

Top of the range is the Rolling Bot, a ball-shaped drone that can take photos
and video, chase your cat, tease it with a red laser on the floor, or remotely
control your TV and audio equipment.

It hooks up to your wireless network at home and can be controlled via your G5
from anywhere you have a connection.

The built-in camera can shoot 1080p video or 8-megapixel stills and it comes
with 512MB of RAM, and a bundled 16GB microSD card. It is expected to sell for
about $US500 later this year.

LG's range also includes a VR headset which is a lot slimmer and lighter than
Samsung's Gear VR. There's also a new attachment to your phone for photography
that includes easier controls and extra battery life.

LG also unveiled a 360-degree camera and plug-in module developed by Bang &
Olufsen to deliver high-end 32 bit DAC sound to your phone via a headset or your
home stereo.

But when it comes to phones, Samsung's spectacular Galaxy S7 and S7 edge will be
hard to beat in 2016.

The S7 features one of the best cameras ever released with extreme low light
capabilities and super quick focus.

The new Galaxy edge has a stunning curved display, better battery life, water
and dust resistance and the return of the microSD card. More on the S7 on our
website.

Samsung too has its own clever little ball which is designed to capture 360
degree vision from two 180 degree cameras shooting images of up to 15
megapixels.

Its video capability is just shy of 4k quality.

What makes the Gear 360 particularly clever is the way you can "~stitch' images
and video from the two cameras together on your Samsung smartphone.

You can even share it straight to a Gear Virtual Reality headset or to others
via 360 capabilities in Facebook and YouTube.

Samsung and Facebook see 2016 being the year of an explosion in virtual reality
devices and 360-degree videos.

Those who order the S7 in the next couple of months will be given a Gear VR
headset worth more than $150.

Mark Furler travelled to Mobile World Congress as a guest of Samsung Australia

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SCN


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             877 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Wall Street Journal Abstracts

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

SAMSUNG'S S7 LACKS FRESH FEATURES

BYLINE: JONATHAN CHENG, MIN-JEONG LEE

SECTION: B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 33 words

ABSTRACT

Samsung Electronics unveILS high-end Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge on sidelines
of Mobile World Congress in Barcelona; latest flagship smartphones offer few new
bells and whistles; photo; list (M)

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company: Abstracts
                              All Rights Reserved


                             878 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

Qualcomm wins back Samsung, LG business

BYLINE: By Kim Yoo-chul

LENGTH: 517 words


BARCELONA, Spain - After a year of struggles, U.S.-based Qualcomm fully
normalized its business tie-ups with Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics.

Qualcomm said at this year's Mobile World Congress (MWC), here, that the
company's flagship Snapdragon 820 processor was being used for Samsung
Electronics' latest smartphones - the Galaxy S7 (S7) and S7 with a curved design
(S7 edge).

Given that Samsung has the largest smartphone market share, the tie-up will be
beneficial, according to officials.

'With Samsung, this year will be better for Qualcomm than last year, when it was
excluded from several batches of Samsung's Galaxy S6 smartphones,' an official
said Thursday (KST). 'The partnership with Samsung will be constructive in the
future and be expanded into new projects.'

The 820 chip adopted Samsung Electronics' 14-nanometer processing technology and
will be used in the two latest Samsung smartphones for the U.S. and
Europe.Samsung said it would use the company-owned Exynos-branded mobile
application processors in the smartphones for Korea.

Due to overheating problems, which Qualcomm CEO Steve Mollenkopf later admitted,
the U.S. company was in deep trouble last year. It ordered its engineers to
address the issue and to immediately customize chips for different handset
models.

Because, unlike Samsung, LG Electronics does not have its own factories to
produce mobile application chips, the 'Qualcomm trouble' forced the company to
change plans for the release of its flagship models.

But the Qualcomm CEO appeared at LG's mobile event for the G5 to praise LG's
successful development of its first modular smartphone.

During the LG event, more than 14 seats were reserved exclusively for Qualcomm
officials.

'Qualcomm has high hopes for good sales of the G5,' an LG official said.
'Qualcomm apologized again to LG for the instability of the early version of the
820 chips. However Qualcomm promised to expand the partnership into the
automotive business, which is promising.'

LG Electronics earlier said it was planning heavy promotional campaigns to
increase its global share.

Qualcomm said the smartphone industry would grow and that its own growth would
be in accordance with industry growth. It stressed that its decision to invest
in joint ventures and TDK was also aimed at strengthening its presence in the
smarpthone industry.

According to GSMA Intelligence, smartphones will account for half of all mobile
connections this year as the main focus switches to the developing world.

'Affordability is a major factor influencing smartphone adoption, especially in
the developing world,' said GSMA Intelligence forecasting unit analyst Gu Zhang.

'Smartphone prices are expected to fall due to increasing competition, a drop in
the cost of materials and improvements in software.

China will remain the biggest smartphone market this year, in which Samsung is
one of the top-tier players.

But Qualcomm hopes Samsung will introduce more budget variants of its Galaxy
-branded models for India, which is set to replace the U.S. as the world's No. 2
smartphone market from the second quarter of this year.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             879 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             July 14, 2016 Thursday

Samsung confirms Galaxy Note 7 launch date

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 366 words


NEW DELHI: The invites are out for Samsung's upcoming 'Galaxy Unpacked' event.
The event is scheduled to take place on August 2 at New York on 11am EDT (8.30PM
IST). The South Korean tech giant has confirmed that it will be launching the
Samsung Galaxy Note 7 phablet, successor to Galaxy Note 5, at the event. The
company will also be holding simultaneous events at Rio de Janeiro and London.

In the invite, Samsung says that its upcoming Galaxy Note 7 "will help people do
more in work, at home and everywhere in between." The company also talks about
the device's stylus S Pen. "With added functionality of the S Pen and large
screen, the Galaxy Note7 is a powerful instrument for achievement and
self-expression, and is made for those who want to get the most from their
phones - and their lives."In the 'detailed invite', the South Korean tech giant
also clears the air as to why the company has decided to the name the upcoming
phablet as Galaxy Note 7 instead of the Galaxy Note 6. Giving two reasons, it
says "There are a couple reasons why. First, the Galaxy Note7 will complement
our Galaxy S7 and S7 edge, and unify our product portfolio. Second, the Galaxy
Note7 will minimize confusion about the latest mobile technology from Samsung,
and provide full alignment with Galaxy S smartphone," says the company. As per
leaks hoping around , the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is expected to run Android 6.0.1
Marshmallow out-of-the-box along with a new Grace UX interface on top. It is
likely to sport a 5.7-inch QHD display of 1440x2560 pixel resolution. The device
is also supposed to feature an iris scanner. There are varying reports about the
Galaxy Note 7's RAM, while some reports claim that the phablet will house 6GB
RAM, others hint at 4GB RAM. Other reports suggest that the smartphone to be
powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor and have 32GB in-built storage
with microSD card support. Other rumoured specifications include a 12MP rear
camera with a dual-pixel setup. The phone will most likely be water resistant as
well.The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 will reportedly start at a price of 849 in
Europe, roughly translating to around Rs 63,000.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             880 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                             May 26, 2016 Thursday

How smartphone leasing could transform enterprise mobility

LENGTH: 432 words



HIGHLIGHT: Analysis: As Samsung launches a Galaxy S7 leasing programme, what
impact could this have on the business mobile market?


The news that Samsung has launched a pilot programme in France allowing
customers to lease devices and change the model when a new one is released might
prompt questions from UK customers as to when they can get the same deal.

The deal, called Up2you, covers the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge and the plans for the
models cost [#x20ac]27 and [#x20ac]30, respectively.

According to La Tribune, product marketing director for Samsung France Guillaume
Berlemont said that Up2you will be extended to other markets if it is
successful.

He said that the company wants 10-15 percent of its high-end smartphone users to
be with Up2you within two years.
T-Mobile offers a leasing programme in the US to the consumer market.

In the UK, the only phone leasing model available is offered by O2, which offers
the latest phone on a 12-month Business contract with no up-front costs. The
contract is available with the company's business tariffs.

Particularly in the business market, the leasing model has considerable
advantages. Rather than being tied down into a long-term contract with a device
or set of devices that may quickly become obsolete, the business users will
always have access to the latest functionality.

Rob Bamforth, Principal Analyst at Quocirca, says that this will get around the
challenge of employees wanting to have the latest thing.

This is particularly true when employees are using corporate-issued smartphones
perhaps alongside their own device.

"Nokia used to go through quick releases of new handsets," he says. "There would
be a tendency for business users to 'accidentally' break their phones to get an
upgrade. People don't want to feel they are being left behind by new
technology."

Bamforth says that the model might make sense at a time when smartphones are
still on fairly regular release cycles and the demands of software are steadily
increasing.

From a carrier perspective, the key question would be what to do with the old
smartphones.

"There may be opportunities for them to for example move them on to other
markets," says Bamforth.

An advantage though would be the possibility of getting people onto longer
contracts.

"If you could sign people onto three or five year rolling contacts it could be
quite appealing to large enterprises.

Outside of the business market, the deal may appeal to consumers who have a
tendency to upgrade.

The fact that O2 has had such an offer in place for around five years and there
has not been any competition from other operators possibly indicates that it is
not yet delivering results.

However, there is strong potential there if the various barriers can be
surmounted.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             881 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                            April 20, 2016 Wednesday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Samsung releases pink versions of Galaxy S7

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 66 words


Samsung has released pink gold editions of their Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge.

The pink versions of the smartphones were released first in South Korea, and
will roll out in select markets.

Samsung says they chose to add a pink gold hue to the collection because it's
soothing and "provides a sense of comfort."

The smartphones are also available in Black Onyx, Gold Platinum, White Pearl and
Silver Titanium.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2016 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                             882 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                           October 13, 2016 Thursday

Samsung begins refunding Note 7 owners in South Korea

LENGTH: 193  words

DATELINE: Seoul


Seoul, Oct. 13 -- Samsung Electronics on Thursday began its refund and exchange
programme for Galaxy Note 7 owners in South Korea after it discontinued
production of the faulty smartphone.


 Note 7 owners were recommended to take their phones back to the store where
they purchased the defective smartphones, Xinhua news agency reported.
 South Korean consumers can opt to get a full refund or exchange Note 7s with
other devices, including Apple's iPhone 7 or LG Electronics' G5 and V20, or
Samsung's Galaxy S7, S7 Edge and Galaxy Note 5.
 Samsung said in a statement that it will provide 100,000 won ($89) in gifts,
including a 30,000-won coupon and a 70,000-won assistance for phone charges, if
Note 7 owners replace their phones with Samsung products.
 The 30,000-won coupon would be given to all Note 7 buyers even if they exchange
their phones with other products such as iPhone 7 or the LG G5.
 If Note 7 owners want to receive the full 100,000-won gift from Samsung, they
are required to replace the phones with Samsung products until November 30.
 The refund and exchange programme will continue by the end of this year. The
programme will differ by country.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             883 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                           October 13, 2016 Thursday

Samsung begins refunding Note 7 owners in South Korea

LENGTH: 193  words

DATELINE: Seoul


Seoul, Oct. 13 -- Samsung Electronics on Thursday began its refund and exchange
programme for Galaxy Note 7 owners in South Korea after it discontinued
production of the faulty smartphone.


 Note 7 owners were recommended to take their phones back to the store where
they purchased the defective smartphones, Xinhua news agency reported.
 South Korean consumers can opt to get a full refund or exchange Note 7s with
other devices, including Apple's iPhone 7 or LG Electronics' G5 and V20, or
Samsung's Galaxy S7, S7 Edge and Galaxy Note 5.
 Samsung said in a statement that it will provide 100,000 won ($89) in gifts,
including a 30,000-won coupon and a 70,000-won assistance for phone charges, if
Note 7 owners replace their phones with Samsung products.
 The 30,000-won coupon would be given to all Note 7 buyers even if they exchange
their phones with other products such as iPhone 7 or the LG G5.
 If Note 7 owners want to receive the full 100,000-won gift from Samsung, they
are required to replace the phones with Samsung products until November 30.
 The refund and exchange programme will continue by the end of this year. The
programme will differ by country.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             884 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            September 5, 2016 Monday

Samsung begins selling refurbished Galaxy smartphones in US

BYLINE: dna Web Team

LENGTH: 212  words


No word yet on if and when the service will come to India.

Samsung has officially begun selling refurbished smartphones in the US, after
reports emerged last month detailing plans for the same.

The Korean tech giant has just launched is Certified Pre-Owned Phones store.
Samsung smartphones may look great and function even better, but the brand's
average price range is out of reach for most users. An option to purchase
refurbished models would seriously benefit the mid-range buyer, looking to buy
into the Samsung legacy.

Samsung meanwhile is doing everything it can to make the process smoother.
Refurbished devices purchased on the official store will receive a 12-month
warranty, as well as free shipping (within the US for now).

You can find true variety among the secondhand models, aside from the biggest
recent launches like the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge or the Note 7. However, you can
save US $200 on the likes of a Galaxy S6 Edge, or Galaxy Note 4.

You can find the Samsung Certified Pre-Owned Phones store here, to check out
some of the available deals yourself. The phones are currently supported on all
four major US carriers, and Samsung says more models will be added soon.

However, there's no word on if and when we can see a similar service being
offered in India

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             885 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                              May 27, 2016 Friday

HTC to woo back India with six new smartphones; its HTC 10 to compete with LG
G5, Samsung S7

BYLINE: Hansa Verma

LENGTH: 488  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


After a couple of slow quarters, HTC is trying to make a comeback of sorts in
the Indian market with six new smartphones, priced between Rs 13,990 and Rs
52,9990. While HTC has for some time been eyeing the mid-budget segment in
India, it seems to banking once again on its core, the high-end users. With HTC
10, the company admits, caters to users who don't mind spending on a unique
device - in other words, an expensive smartphone.

"Why do people buy a flagship phone? Simply because a flagship offers something
unique. I don't think they would mind paying that extra Rs 3,000 for a
beautiful, unique phone that comes with the latest technology, in terms of
camera, audio and more. That is the kind of consumers we are targeting with HTC
10 in India," reasoned Faisal Siddiqui, president, HTC South Asia. HTC 10, the
Taiwanese company's flagship model, is priced the same as the new LG G5 and will
compete with the likes of Samsung S7 series and the Apple iPhone 6s series.

However, the real comeback device for the company, which has not been in the
pink of financial health for the past year or so, seems to be its virtual
reality device. "We are looking to bring HTC Vive to India, in the next couple
of months. The problem is we are in a sell-out situation - so much so that we
can't even meet the demands in the US right now. It is selling for $799 in the
US, and the Indian price obviously will be different. We will decided the price
as we come closer to launching the headset in the country."

"I wouldn't really call HTC 10 the comeback device for the company, because we
were very much there. I, however, admit our portfolio has been a little weak in
the last eight-10 months. We had Rs 15,000 and below devices which were all 3G,
and the market changed very quickly to 4G so we were actually surprised. We went
back and quickly created devices, which are all 4G-ready. We will not create 3G
devices anymore."

Siddiqui says the six phones that HTC launched on Thursday are at different
price points and cater to different segments. All the phones look different, he
adds. "The HTC range has something or the other for every smartphone user in
India. We want to go with the entire range and don't leave any price point
vacant."

So, what sets HTC 10 apart from flagships like Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 edge
and LG G5? Siddiqui says the biggest innovation is the camera. "The company has
made huge strides on the camera front. Even the front camera in the phone comes
with an OIS, making it the world's first smartphone to offer it," Siddiqui says.
"In the past, our cameras have not been that great and that is why we have spent
a lot of time getting the camera right this time," he admits.

Audio, or the sound quality, of HTC phones has always been one of its strengths.
Siddiqui says they have carried this legacy forward with the HTC 10, bringing in
the ability to optimise frequencies of right and left ear separately.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             886 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Yourstory.in

                     October 15, 2016 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

27,000 people are watching live patiently waiting for a Samsung Galaxy Note7 to
explode

BYLINE: Abhash Kumar

LENGTH: 276  words


It has been banned on flights across the world. The United States Department of
Transportation has deemed it too dangerous to fly. It has been exploding all
over the place. All that could have gone wrong for the Samsung Galaxy Note 7,
has! Finally, the South Korean tech giant had to permanently cease production
after the replacement phones started catching fire and exploding as well. It's
an unprecedented disaster for Samsung as customers rapidly lose trust and
financial losses of $17 billion loom.

After warnings several customers in the US have put up their phones for sale on
Craigslist. And viral content website Dose just came up with a unique idea. They
bought a Samsung Galaxy Note7 off Craigslist and plugged it in for charging. Now
they are waiting to see how long until it explodes? Along with them watching
this spectacle live on their Facebook page are almost 30,ooo people.

At the time of writing this post, the video has been live for over two hours.
The video has been shared by over 26000 people and over 77000 people have
reacted on the post.

We are watching along with the world. What do you think? How long until it
explodes? Or will this turn out to be a 'Dud'?

Back home in India, according to Mashable, Samsung India has issued an apology
to customers in India who pre-ordered the Galaxy Note7. To make it up to them,
the company is now offering them an "exclusive" Samsung Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7
edge, with a Samsung Gear VR and a Samsung Level U stereo wireless headset at no
charge. In addition, the company says it will also ship an Oculus content
voucher to these customers, and offer One Time Screen Replacement on the new
phone.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Yourstory.in, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             887 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           October 12, 2016 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

OWNAGALAXYNOTE 7? HERE'SWHATTODO:

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 394 words


Samsung has officially scrapped the Note 7. So what's next for consumers?

I HAVE ONE OF THE REPLACEMENT PHONES. DO I REALLY NEED TO STOP

USING IT?

Absolutely. The multiple investigations into

replacement units catching fire and the fact Samsung has pulled the plug on the
model should tell you something. In addition, South Korean safety authorities
said Tuesday that they may have found a new defect that may not be related to
the batteries.

HOW BAD HAVE THE FIRES BEEN? Social media is filled with pictures of smoldering
phones. While dramatic, these occurrences are far from common. But you don't
want to become the next headline. When U.S. regulators announced their recall of
the original Note 7s last month, they cited 92 reports of the batteries
overheating in the U.S., including 26 reports of burns and 55 of property
damage. The property damage included fires in cars and a garage.

DID I JUST WASTE NEARLY A

THOUSAND DOLLARS ON THE NOTE 7? Samsung has been slow to release specific
information on the replacement phones. Its initial recall offered owners a
refund, a replacement Note 7 or another Samsung phone such as the Galaxy S7 with
a refund of any difference in price. Customers who exchange a Note 7 for another
Samsung product also get a $25 in the form of a gift card, in-store credit or
bill credit from select carriers or retailers.

WHAT ABOUT ACCESSORIES?

It depends on the carrier. T-Mobile and AT&T, for instance, are giving full
refunds on accessories.

Some Samsung gadgets, such as its Gear Fit2 fitness tracker, will work with
other Android phones. The Gear VR virtual reality headset requires a recent
Samsung phone, though.

I'D LIKE TO STICK WITH SAMSUNG.

WHAT'S AVAILABLE?

The Galaxy S7, which came out in March, doesn't offer the same huge screen as
the Note 7, but it has many of the same features. Notable exceptions are the
Note 7's iris scanner and pen.

Samsung's Galaxy S8 is expected in February or March, making the S7 feel old
already. Even older is last year's Note 5 (there was no Note 6).

COULD OTHER PHONES CATCH FIRE? Given consumer demand for batteries that are more
powerful, last longer and charge faster, it's a little surprising that Note 7 is
the only phone catching fire these days. The Note 7 is still being dissected by
tech experts for Samsung and the government. They may find that the problem
isn't with the battery at all.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2016 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             888 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            October 14, 2016 Friday

This Galaxy S8 concept features no bezel at all and looks gorgeous

LENGTH: 346  words


The latest Samsung Galaxy S8 concept could give some helpful tips to Samsung on
how to design the next best Android flagship

Samsung is currently relying on its Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 edge and of course it's
upcoming Galaxy S8, which is said to get announced on February, which is exactly
a day before MWC 2017 officially kicks off. Before that, we'd like to introduce
to you a beautiful Galaxy S8 concept, and we feel that you will drool after
taking a look at the video below. This concept has no bezels whatsoever, which
we feel is going to be the future of smartphones. If Samsung is able to design
its Galaxy S8 that comes close to this concept, then everyone who wanted to
upgrade to a Galaxy S8 is going to be a very lucky customer.

According to previous rumors, the 5.1-inch Galaxy S8 is going to feature a 2K
display while the 5.5-inch model is going to feature the much awaited 4K
display. Samsung will most likely continue to use its Super AMOLED displays on
both models, and we all know that the company makes the best possible smartphone
displays on the planet, so seeing a Super AMOLED panel on a 4K resolution will
certainly spice things up.

Unfortunately, the only problem here is that the 4K resolution will consume a
ton of battery life, which might end up frustrating customers. Remember that
Samsung can take advantage of the Galaxy S8's 5.5-inch screen size to bump up
the battery capacity, but the company can only go so far with this.

It is possible that the 4K resolution will be a smart display, and will actually
render content when it is absolutely necessary, such as viewing 4K videos and
rendering VR content. Remember Google's Daydream, the added horsepower and the
4K resolution of Galaxy S8 is going to play a pivotal role in augmenting the VR
smartphone experience for users out there. For now, the only other hardware
specifications we know is the Galaxy S8 will come in two chipset models:
Snapdragon 830 and Exynos 8895 (could be a different name). We'll naturally
update you on all the possible information, but for now, enjoy this concept.

Source

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             889 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                      October 14, 2016 Friday 7:36 AM GMT

Scrapping Galaxy Note7 set to cost Samsung £4.4bn

SECTION: BUSINESS NEWS

LENGTH: 200 words


Samsung has warned that the total cost of pulling its Galaxy Note7 smartphones
off the market will be at least £4.4 billion.

The South Korean firm said on Friday that the discontinuation of its flagship
phone would cost the company about 3.5 trillion won (£2.5 billion) during the
current and next quarter.

Samsung had already cut its third-quarter profit forecast by £1.9 billion
earlier this week, an amount that could wipe out its entire mobile business
profit.

On Tuesday, Samsung scrapped its flagship Galaxy Note7 smartphone, a day after
halting sales because of concerns over consumer safety, with faulty units
overheating and exploding due to a battery defect.

But Samsung has enough cash to absorb the shock from the phone recall. The
company said it expects to generate 5.2 trillion won (£3.7 billion) in operating
profit during the third quarter after the recall cost.

Samsung added that it will make significant changes in its quality assurance
processes to enhance product safety for consumers.

The company said it will expand sales of two other smartphones released in
spring - the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge - quashing rumours that it may try to
release updated versions of those devices.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             890 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                      October 14, 2016 Friday 7:36 AM GMT

Scrapping Galaxy Note7 set to cost Samsung £4.4bn

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 200 words


Samsung has warned that the total cost of pulling its Galaxy Note7 smartphones
off the market will be at least £4.4 billion.

The South Korean firm said on Friday that the discontinuation of its flagship
phone would cost the company about 3.5 trillion won (£2.5 billion) during the
current and next quarter.

Samsung had already cut its third-quarter profit forecast by £1.9 billion
earlier this week, an amount that could wipe out its entire mobile business
profit.

On Tuesday, Samsung scrapped its flagship Galaxy Note7 smartphone, a day after
halting sales because of concerns over consumer safety, with faulty units
overheating and exploding due to a battery defect.

But Samsung has enough cash to absorb the shock from the phone recall. The
company said it expects to generate 5.2 trillion won (£3.7 billion) in operating
profit during the third quarter after the recall cost.

Samsung added that it will make significant changes in its quality assurance
processes to enhance product safety for consumers.

The company said it will expand sales of two other smartphones released in
spring - the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge - quashing rumours that it may try to
release updated versions of those devices.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             891 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                      October 14, 2016 Friday 7:36 AM GMT

Scrapping Galaxy Note7 set to cost Samsung £4.4bn

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 200 words


Samsung has warned that the total cost of pulling its Galaxy Note7 smartphones
off the market will be at least £4.4 billion.

The South Korean firm said on Friday that the discontinuation of its flagship
phone would cost the company about 3.5 trillion won (£2.5 billion) during the
current and next quarter.

Samsung had already cut its third-quarter profit forecast by £1.9 billion
earlier this week, an amount that could wipe out its entire mobile business
profit.

On Tuesday, Samsung scrapped its flagship Galaxy Note7 smartphone, a day after
halting sales because of concerns over consumer safety, with faulty units
overheating and exploding due to a battery defect.

But Samsung has enough cash to absorb the shock from the phone recall. The
company said it expects to generate 5.2 trillion won (£3.7 billion) in operating
profit during the third quarter after the recall cost.

Samsung added that it will make significant changes in its quality assurance
processes to enhance product safety for consumers.

The company said it will expand sales of two other smartphones released in
spring - the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge - quashing rumours that it may try to
release updated versions of those devices.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             892 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                      October 14, 2016 Friday 7:36 AM GMT

Scrapping Galaxy Note7 set to cost Samsung £4.4bn

SECTION: BUSINESS NEWS

LENGTH: 200 words


Samsung has warned that the total cost of pulling its Galaxy Note7 smartphones
off the market will be at least £4.4 billion.

The South Korean firm said on Friday that the discontinuation of its flagship
phone would cost the company about 3.5 trillion won (£2.5 billion) during the
current and next quarter.

Samsung had already cut its third-quarter profit forecast by £1.9 billion
earlier this week, an amount that could wipe out its entire mobile business
profit.

On Tuesday, Samsung scrapped its flagship Galaxy Note7 smartphone, a day after
halting sales because of concerns over consumer safety, with faulty units
overheating and exploding due to a battery defect.

But Samsung has enough cash to absorb the shock from the phone recall. The
company said it expects to generate 5.2 trillion won (£3.7 billion) in operating
profit during the third quarter after the recall cost.

Samsung added that it will make significant changes in its quality assurance
processes to enhance product safety for consumers.

The company said it will expand sales of two other smartphones released in
spring - the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge - quashing rumours that it may try to
release updated versions of those devices.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             893 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

Samsung Galaxy S8 might pack an enormous processor

LENGTH: 211  words


We might see the S8 early next year

There are not many smartphones set to launch this year, apart from the new Pixel
and Pixel XL, but rumors of the Samsung S8 have already started to spread.

Expected to come out early next year, the Samsung S8 is set to come with a new
Exynos 8895 processor runs at up to 3GHz, which is an upgrade from the 2.3GHz in
the Exynos 8890 which powers most versions of the Samsung Galaxy S7 and Note 7
(and up from a maximum 2.15GHz in the Snapdragon 820 versions of those phones
shipped to the US). There are chances that the US markets will get the
Snapdragon 830 chip, while the other markets will get the Exynos 8895.

The leak also adds that the Exynos chip will be optimized for low power usage of
no higher than 5W and that could also improve image processing performance by
over 70%, which could mean more importance to the S8's camera, which could also
be a dual lens camera. Rumor has it the chip achieved a single-core Geekbench
score of 2301 and a multi-core one of 7019 while the Exynos version of the
Galaxy S7 managed a multi-core score of 6542.

There are no ways to verify the rumors, but chances are Samsung may bring
forward the launch of the Galaxy S8, to help counter the impact of having to
recall the Galaxy Note 7.

Source

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             894 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                             July 14, 2016 Thursday

The verdict is out! Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 is India's favourite smartphone

LENGTH: 299  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, July 14 -- Zee Media Bureau/Rd. Alexander
 The verdict is out! The fans and customers have spoken - Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 is
the most popular smartphone in India.


 According to Antutu, the popular mobile benchmarking app, the Xiaomi Redmi Note
3 is India's favourite smartphone charting the popularity table in the country
with 12.7 percent votes.
 MUST READ
 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Vs LeEco Le 2: A comparison
 While the Redmi Note 3 was the fifth popular Android device in the world, it
was the most popular device in India, China, Hong Kong, Russia, Vietnam and
Russia, the survey said.
 Antutu is currently the most popular benchmarking tool used by both enthusiasts
as well as average user and according to it, Redmi Note 3 is up there.
 In the list, OnePlus 2 came in the second place while the LeEco Le 1 came in
the third place.
 MUST READ
 Xiaomi has sold 110 million Redmi smartphones globally: Hugo Barra
 Globally, Samsung ruled the top 10 popularity chart with five devices featuring
in them - Galaxy Note 5 on the first spot, Galaxy S6 on the second spot, Galaxy
S6 Edge third, Galaxy S7 fourth and Galaxy S7 Edge in the sixth place.
 Redmi Note 3 came in the fifth place universally.
 In May 2016, Hugo Barra, Vice President of Xiaomi claimed that the company sold
600,000 units of Redmi Note 3 in India in just two months.
 MUST READ
 Over 600,000 units of Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 sold: Hugo Barra
 "We just reached another milestone at Mi India - in just 60 days of weekly
sales, we have sold over 6 lakhs units of Redmi Note 3 - our biggest record yet
- all thanks to you. I cannot thank you enough for the overwhelming and
continuous support. You guys are total rock stars," Hugo Barra said.
 It was for no simple reason that the company's Redmi Note 3 is very popular
with fans in India.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             895 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                            November 8, 2016 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

London firm files Samsung lawsuit

BYLINE: Alexandra Posadzki, The Canadian Press

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. N7

LENGTH: 344 words

DATELINE: TORONTO


A class action lawsuit has been filed in Canada over Samsung Galaxy Note 7
phones, which were recalled last month following reports of overheating
batteries that pose a fire hazard.

The lawsuit againstboth the U. S. and Canadian divisions of Samsung was filed in
Ontario Superior Court by London-based McKenzie Lake Lawyers, LLP.

The claim alleges Samsung was negligent because they knew or should have known
that the devices could harm consumers.

The allegations have not been proven in court.

The lawsuit, which was filed on behalfofCanadian residents who bought the Note
7, seeks damages and a declaration that the defendants ' actions were false and
misleading and contravened the Consumer Protection Act and the Competition Act.

The South Korean electronics giant stopped making and selling the devices and
advised owners to turn them off and stop using them last month.

Samsung Electronics Canada Inc. says customers who return the phone can either
exchange it for a Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 Edge, or receive a full refund.

The plaintiff ' s in the case are Hannah Shaheen of Burlington and Daniel
Fuller, a Michigan resident in the process of moving to Burlington.

While returning from their honeymoon in the Turks and Caicos Islands, the couple
says they were forced to destroy and discard their Note 7 phones because they
had been banned from air transportation. They allege that in the process of
destroying the devices, one caught fire.

Because they hadbeen forced to destroy the phones, Shaheen and Fuller lost all
the personal information, photos, videos and contacts that were on the devices.

The couple says they have not received any compensation from the company or a
replacement device.

" We believe that through this action, the defendants will be required to
account for their actions in bringing these devices to market ," lawyer Matthew
Baer said in a statement.

" Canadians who owned these devices deserve to be properly compensated ."
Samsung did not immediately respond to a request for comment. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016
Sun Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Canadian Press File Photo; Returned Samsung Electronics ' Galaxy Note 7
smartphones pile up in Seoul . A class action lawsuit has been filed in Canada
regarding the phones , which were recalled following reports of overheating
batteries that pose a fire hazard .;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             896 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            China Daily - US Edition

                              July 29, 2016 Friday

Samsung profit tops estimates on S7

LENGTH: 537  words


Samsung Electronics Co reported second-quarter profit that beat analysts'
estimates, fueled by stronger sales of Galaxy S7 smartphones and aggressive cost
cuts.

Net income, excluding minority interests, was 5.83 trillion won ($5.1 billion)
in the period, the Suwon, South Korea-based company said in a filing on
Thursday.

That compared with the 5.64 trillion won average of estimates compiled by
Bloomberg. The company also announced a 1.79 trillion won share buyback, the
final stage of a plan announced last year.

Samsung has benefited from sluggish sales of iPhones as US wireless carriers
promoted the Galaxy S7 for high-end consumers, helping reduce marketing
expenses. That could change in the second half as the company faces new models
from Apple Inc.

Lower prices for semiconductors and displays have also helped sales of the
company's other consumer electronics.

"The smartphone and TV divisions led the earnings surprise for the quarter,"
said Greg Roh, an analyst at HMC Investment Securities in Seoul.

"Samsung did well in the first half, but it's a matter of how well it could
defend itself from the overall downside risks in the second half."

Shares of Samsung fell 1.3 percent to 1,507,000 won at the close of trade. The
stock has gained 20 percent this year after three straight annual declines.

"We will be implementing very active marketing activities in the second half to
drive up actual purchases and through this, we plan to continue to maintain
overall sales of our premium handsets," Lee Kyeong-tae, vice-president of the
mobile communications business, told a conference call.

Samsung will unveil its next-generation Note device with larger displays on Aug
2 in New York, Brazil and in London, the company said. While the company is
finalizing its capital spending plans, it expects a slight increase from the
year earlier.

Revenue was 50.9 trillion won in the second quarter, slightly higher than the 50
trillion won of its July 7 preliminary earnings announcement.

Samsung's earnings came the same day that June quarter data on the global market
were released, showing the fastest growth coming from Chinese vendors. Samsung
maintained its global leadership and shipped 3.4 percent more smartphones, while
those at fourth-ranked Oppo Electronics Corp more than doubled and fifth-placed
vivo Mobile Communication Technology Co Ltd jumped 62 percent, according to data
from Counterpoint Research.

Research company Canalys said the worldwide smartphone market grew modestly in
the second quarter after a disappointing first quarter.

Global shipments reached over 330 million units, with Samsung leading the market
with shipments around 80 million units.

It said Apple shipped 40 million iPhones in the quarter, a second consecutive
annual decline in shipments. In third place, Huawei Technologies Co's shipments
increased to 31 million on the back of record shipments in China and continued
growth in Europe, the Middle East and Africa.

Visitors test Samsung Galaxy S7 edge smartphones at its showroom in Seoul. AFP

(China Daily USA 07/29/2016 page18)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1496/25/146978405762.jpg

eca86bda350e1904df2b0b.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1496/16/146978406078.jpg

eca86bda350e1904df2f0c.jpg

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1496


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             897 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                              July 29, 2016 Friday

Samsung profit tops estimates on S7

BYLINE: Bloomberg

LENGTH: 536  words


Samsung Electronics Co reported second-quarter profit that beat analysts'
estimates, fueled by stronger sales of Galaxy S7 smartphones and aggressive cost
cuts.

Net income, excluding minority interests, was 5.83 trillion won ($5.1 billion)
in the period, the Suwon, South Korea-based company said in a filing on
Thursday.

That compared with the 5.64 trillion won average of estimates compiled by
Bloomberg. The company also announced a 1.79 trillion won share buyback, the
final stage of a plan announced last year.

Samsung has benefited from sluggish sales of iPhones as US wireless carriers
promoted the Galaxy S7 for high-end consumers, helping reduce marketing
expenses. That could change in the second half as the company faces new models
from Apple Inc.

Lower prices for semiconductors and displays have also helped sales of the
company's other consumer electronics.

"The smartphone and TV divisions led the earnings surprise for the quarter,"
said Greg Roh, an analyst at HMC Investment Securities in Seoul.

"Samsung did well in the first half, but it's a matter of how well it could
defend itself from the overall downside risks in the second half."

Shares of Samsung fell 1.3 percent to 1,507,000 won at the close of trade. The
stock has gained 20 percent this year after three straight annual declines.

"We will be implementing very active marketing activities in the second half to
drive up actual purchases and through this, we plan to continue to maintain
overall sales of our premium handsets," Lee Kyeong-tae, vice-president of the
mobile communications business, told a conference call.

Samsung will unveil its next-generation Note device with larger displays on Aug
2 in New York, Brazil and in London, the company said. While the company is
finalizing its capital spending plans, it expects a slight increase from the
year earlier.

Revenue was 50.9 trillion won in the second quarter, slightly higher than the 50
trillion won of its July 7 preliminary earnings announcement.

Samsung's earnings came the same day that June quarter data on the global market
were released, showing the fastest growth coming from Chinese vendors. Samsung
maintained its global leadership and shipped 3.4 percent more smartphones, while
those at fourth-ranked Oppo Electronics Corp more than doubled and fifth-placed
vivo Mobile Communication Technology Co Ltd jumped 62 percent, according to data
from Counterpoint Research.

Research company Canalys said the worldwide smartphone market grew modestly in
the second quarter after a disappointing first quarter.

Global shipments reached over 330 million units, with Samsung leading the market
with shipments around 80 million units.

It said Apple shipped 40 million iPhones in the quarter, a second consecutive
annual decline in shipments. In third place, Huawei Technologies Co's shipments
increased to 31 million on the back of record shipments in China and continued
growth in Europe, the Middle East and Africa.

Visitors test Samsung Galaxy S7 edge smartphones at its showroom in Seoul. AFP

(China Daily 07/29/2016 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/25/146975513625.jpg

eca86bda350e1904df2b0b.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/16/146975513876.jpg

eca86bda350e1904df2f0c.jpg

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             898 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            February 28, 2016 Sunday

LG declares 'niche player' in mobile

BYLINE: By Kim Yoo-chul

LENGTH: 464 words


LG Electronics' mobile devices chief Cho Juno talks to Korean media about the
company's business strategies on the sidelines of this year's Mobile World
Congress in Barcelona, Spain, last week . / Courtesy of LG Electronics

BARCELONA, Spain - LG Electronics has adopted a new business strategy in the
mobile arena as the LG Group's technology affiliate wants to become a
'niche-player' in the handset market.

'What LG Electronics should do is release unique and appealing products to help
consumers widen their choice in a market led by Samsung and Apple,' LG's mobile
devices chief Cho Juno said last week on the sidelines of this year's mobile
expo, Barcelona, Spain.

The remarks were seen as a move not to directly compete with Samsung by shipment
volume but to create more 'LG fanboys.'

'LG's branding strategy isn't to seek for volume growth but to have more LG fans
for brand loyalty,' Cho said.

While Samsung's Galaxy S7 made little surface changes to its predecessor -
Galaxy S6 - the LG G5 has adopted a modular-type detachable design in what LG
officials say is part of the company strategy for alliances with third-party
developers and device manufacturers.

According to the executive, its transition was due to the lukewarm response of
its G4 smartphone.

'The G4 failed to make a real difference. I think LG Electronics can't compete
with existing leaders, effectively, with the same marketing plan. Appealing
hardware specifications won't work for LG,' Cho said.

LG was the leader in an era of feature phones, devices with sleek and appealing
design; however, it was late in entering the smartphone business, costing the
company a lot. Now, due to the rise of cheap Chinese manufacturers, LG's global
position in the smartphone industry is out of the 'top 5.'

Cho didn't mention about the sales target for the G5; rather, he said LG will
invest more to put third-party developers into its own ecosystem.

The LG G5 is able to connect to a lot of external devices. Cho said it will
release 'new friends' and offer competition programs for application developers.
The G5 will be available from late March.

Unlike LG, Samsung Electronics showed its confidence to lead over rivals in the
competition for volume growth - the Galaxy S7 has enhanced camera and display
functions. With the collaboration of Facebook, Samsung plans to recover its
share in China, the world's biggest smarpthone market, which was taken by
Chinese rivals such as Xiaomi.

Samsung's mobile chief Ko Dong-jin said the initial response to the Galaxy S7
'was good,' adding that sales will be far better than those of the S6.

'It will be interesting to see if LG's strategy to become a niche player works.
It seems smart given LG's status - being unable to grow its smartphone business
as it did before,' said an official.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             899 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Voice & Data

                                 July 28, 2016

Samsung Q2 profit up 2 % to $5.17 billion

BYLINE: Sanjeeb Kumar Sahoo

LENGTH: 1637  words


NEW DELHI: World's largest smartphone maker Samsung said its April-June net
income rose 2 percent over a year earlier to 5.85 trillion won ($5.17 billion),
compared with 5.75 trillion ($4.9 billion) won a year earlier.

" Samsung's revenue for the quarter was KRW 50.94 trillion, an increase of KRW
2.40 trillion YOY, while operating profit for the quarter was KRW 8.14 trillion,
an increase of KRW 1.24 trillion YOY," a statement said.

The second quarter saw significant earnings growth led by strong performance
both in the set and component businesses. Overall earnings of the set business
improved YOY as well as QOQ due to the continuous sales increase of premium
products.

The IT & Mobile Communications (IM) Division saw substantial earnings
improvement led by expanded sales of flagship products such as the Galaxy S7 and
S7 edge. A streamlined mid-to low-end smartphone lineup also contributed to
improved profitability. Operating profit for the IM Division was KRW 4.32
trillion.

The Consumer Electronics (CE) Division achieved significant earnings growth YOY
led by strong sales of its premium lineup such as SUHD TVs, Chef Collection
Refrigerator, AddWash washer and newly launched air conditioner.

The component business achieved solid performance although overall earnings
decreased YOY due to ASP declines in the industry. Earnings for the Display
Panel segment improved QOQ led by increased OLED capacity utilization and
stabilized LCD panel yields. Demand for semiconductors for mobile and SSD
increased and the company achieved solid growth with a competitive edge in
differentiated products, including 20-nanometer DRAM, V-NAND and 14-nanometer
mobile AP.

The company estimated that the stronger Korean won against major currencies in
the second quarter negatively impacted operating profit by approximately KRW 0.3
trillion, reflected mainly in the component business earnings.

Looking ahead to the second half of 2016, the company expects its solid
performance to continue compared to the first half, mainly driven by earnings
increase in the component business due to sales growth in high value-added
products and stable demand and supply conditions. The set business is expected
to continue its stable earnings while the IM Division expects marketing
expenditure to increase.

In the third quarter, the company expects the component business to maintain its
solid performance due to improved demand and supply conditions for memory chips
and LCD panels and stable earnings for OLED and System LSI. For the set
business, the company forecasts marketing expenditure for the IM business to
increase mainly due to a new flagship product launch and fierce competition in
the industry. Meanwhile, weak seasonality is likely to impact the CE business.

Capital expenditure (CAPEX) for the second quarter was KRW 4.2 trillion, which
includes KRW 2 trillion for the Semiconductor business and KRW 1.6 trillion for
the Display Panel business. The accumulated total CAPEX for the first half was
KRW 8.8 trillion.

The annual plan for CAPEX has not yet been confirmed but is projected to
increase slightly compared to last year. This year's CAPEX will be concentrated
on OLED and V-NAND capacity as the company sees strong market demand for OLED
panels for smartphones and V-NAND SSD.

The Semiconductor business posted KRW 12 trillion in consolidated revenue and
KRW 2.64 trillion in operating profit for the quarter.

The memory business enjoyed solid growth in demand in the second quarter. Orders
for high-density NAND and DRAM products contributed to solid earnings QOQ. This
was coupled by a reduction in cost from continuous process migration.

In NAND, shipments of SSD remained strong in the quarter, as enterprise
companies increasingly made the transition from HDD to SSD so as to reduce total
cost of ownership (TCO).

Orders for high-density mobile storage products over 32GB also helped drive
sales, mainly due to the expanded adoption by Chinese companies. Samsung
actively responded to orders for high-density mobile products over 64GB and
enterprise SSD over 4TB and increased supply of the industry's first 48-layer
V-NAND.

In DRAM, demand climbed QOQ as smartphone manufacturers bought more high-density
mobile DRAM and demand for high-density products increased following the launch
of a new server platform.

A supply imbalance of some applications led to greater demand for Samsung's
20-nanometer high-density, high value-added mobile and server products.

Looking ahead, for NAND, increased adoption of high-density products and strong
seasonality will further drive demand growth in the second half. Growth in
high-density, premium SSD products will continue, and the launch of new products
by smartphone manufacturers is expected to raise demand for mobile storage.
However, supply and demand will be tighter in the second half, due to soft
industry supply growth.

For DRAM, the launch of new smartphones and the increasing adoption of 6GB
memory chips in high-end smartphones will spur shipments of mobile DRAM in the
second half. Shipments of high-density server products will be strong, as more
data centers make the transition to a new server platform.

The System LSI business saw gains QOQ, thanks to stronger demand for
14-nanometer mobile AP in premium smartphones and increased sales of high
megapixel image sensors. In the second half, increased sales of mid- to low-end
mobile AP and LSI products are expected to provide a stable revenue stream.

The Display Panel segment posted KRW 6.42 trillion in consolidated revenue and
KRW 0.14 trillion in operating profit for the quarter driven by increased
shipments of OLED panels and enhanced yields for new LCD TV panel production
technology.

For the OLED business, second quarter earnings improved QOQ due to healthy sales
of flagship smartphones and increased demand for flexible panels. High fab
utilization rates with the help of an expanded mid to low-end product portfolio
also contributed to improved earnings.

For the LCD business, the second quarter saw a continuation of QOQ growth under
a gradual recovery in the supply-demand balance. The company was able to achieve
growth thanks to improved yields for new TV panel production technology as well
as expanded TV sales particularly for large-sized UHD panels.

Looking ahead to the second half, the OLED business, Samsung expects demand for
OLED panels to rise despite a likely slowdown in the smartphone market. To
remain competitive, the company plans to actively address customer demand and
reinforce profitability by expanding the proportion of high value-added products
such as flexible and high-resolution displays. Samsung will also seek to secure
supply capacity according to market demand while expanding its customer base and
new applications.

As for the second-half outlook for the LCD industry, Samsung expects supply and
demand to improve thanks to increased demand under strong seasonality as well as
continuous UHD TV market growth and size migration towards larger screens. In
response, the company will focus on enhancing profitability by improving cost
competitiveness and expanding its portfolio to high value-added products
including ultra-large size, high-resolution and curved panels.

The IM Division posted KRW 26.56 trillion in consolidated revenue and KRW 4.32
trillion in operating profit for the quarter.

Samsung's earnings improved QOQ thanks to strong sales of its flagship Galaxy S7
and S7 edge smartphones. Additionally the company achieved growth in the second
quarter by maintaining the profitability of mid- to low-end models, such as the
Galaxy A and J series, and improving the product mix by raising the sales
proportion of the Galaxy S7 edge to over 50 percent.

Demand for smartphones and tablets in the second half is forecast to increase,
however, market competition is expected to strengthen as other companies release
new mobile devices. Despite this outlook, Samsung will focus on YOY earnings
increase by strengthening its high-end line-up and maintaining solid
profitability of mid to low-end products.

Looking into the third quarter, the release of a new large-screen flagship
smartphone will help to maintain solid sales of high-end smartphones led by the
Galaxy S7 and S7 edge.

Samsung will also focus on expanding smartphone sales including this year's new
Galaxy A and J series and the debut of the Galaxy C series exclusively for the
China market.

Samsung will focus on increasing smartphone sales under strong seasonality with
the launch of a new model, while expecting marketing expenses to increase QOQ
due to seasonality.

As for the Networks business, earnings improved due to increased LTE investment
of major carriers in the second quarter.

The Consumer Electronics Division - encompassing the Visual Display (VD),
Digital Appliances (DA), Printing Solutions and Health & Medical Equipment (HME)
businesses - posted KRW 11.55 trillion in consolidated revenue and KRW 1.03
trillion in operating profit for the quarter.

In the second quarter, global TV demand remained flat YOY due to sluggish
economic conditions in major emerging markets that offset the growth experienced
in developed markets. Amid these challenging conditions, Samsung achieved solid
YOY earnings by successfully launching new products, including SUHD TVs, and
increasing sales of premium products on the back of global sporting events.

For the appliances business in the second quarter, although growth momentum
continued in North America, global demand declined YOY due to slower growth in
China and the impact from the economic slowdown in emerging markets. Despite
these circumstances, earnings improved from the same period of the previous year
thanks to increased sales of premium products such as the Chef Collection
refrigerator and the AddWash and activ dualwash washing machines.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


            Copyright 2016 Voice & Data, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             900 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                           September 12, 2016 Monday

FAA warns against using Samsung Galaxy Note 7 phones on flights

SECTION: AEROSPACE AND DEFENSE; Civil Aircraft

LENGTH: 259 words


The US Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) has warned passengers not to turn
on or charge their Samsung Galaxy Note 7 phones in-flight due to concerns over
the devices' batteries catching fire.

The agency further recommends travellers not to stow their phones in checked
baggage.

Last week, Samsung announced that it was recalling all Galaxy Note 7
smartphones, found to be equipped with fire-prone batteries that started
distribution in August, from across the globe, reported USA Today.

The phone manufacturer has also offered to exchange the phones for a Galaxy S7
or Galaxy S7 edge.

The FAA in a statement said: "In light of recent incidents and concerns raised
by Samsung about its Galaxy Note 7 devices, the FAA strongly advises passengers
not to turn on or charge these devices on-board aircraft and not to stow them in
any checked baggage."

Bigger lithium batteries previously created issues for Boeing's 787 Dreamliner
aircraft and had caused short-circuits and damage planes in the US and Japan.

Following the FAA warning, US-based Delta Air Lines has issued a customer
advisory for airline passengers travelling with a Samsung Note 7.

The airline advised its customers who have the device to take the phone on-board
aircraft or place it in carry-on baggage only.

While on-board the aircraft, the passengers are requested to turn off and not
charge the device.

Meanwhile, the UAE's General Civil Aviation Authority (GCAA) has also prohibited
the use of Samsung Galaxy Note 7 phones during flights operated by the country's
national carriers, reported WAM.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             901 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                            January 25, 2016 Monday

Samsung Galaxy S7 release likely on March 11

LENGTH: 89 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Jan. 25 -- Samsung is targeting March 11 as the release date for the
Samsung Galaxy S7. The phone's announcement is likely to happen during a press
conference before the annual Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain.

The S7 is not going to be much different than the previous generation, according
to media reports.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                             902 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                              March 7, 2016 Monday

Malaysia's 10 top Trending Searches on Google

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 244 words


Week: Feb 26-March 26 2016

1. LANTERN FESTIVAL

This annual festival marks the 15th day and the end of the Chinese New Year
celebratations from the first month of the lunar Chinese calendar.

2. DAMN DANIEL

A video made by two teens went viral with Josh complimenting Daniel's outfit
with `Damn, Daniel' becoming the latest Internet meme.

3. SHANGHAI MAJOR

The second event of Valve's Dota Major Championships is taking place at the
Mercedes-Benz Arena in Shanghai, China from Feb 25 to March 6.

4. MH149

The Department of Civil Aviation dismissed a rumour that Malaysia Airlines
Flight MH149 went missing on Feb 25 en route from Kuala Lumpur to Melbourne,
Australia.

5. MUNAFIK

Local horror movie, Munafik directed by Syamsul Yusof starring Nabila Huda,
Pekin Ibrahim and Syamsul himself opened in cinemas on Feb 25.

6. KELLY CLARKSON

Kelly Clarkson left audiences in tears after her performance of Piece-By-Piece
on American Idol's last season.

7. GODS OF EGYPT

This action-fantasy film featuring ancient Egyptian deities opened in cinemas on
Feb 26. Gerard Butler and Courtney Eaton (picture) star.

8. LINDA CHUNG

Hong Kong celebrity Linda Chung tied the knot to her beau on Feb 27 at
Vancouver, Canada.

9. SAMSUNG S7/ SAMSUNG GALAXY S7

The latest Samsung Galaxy S7 flagship smartphone officially launched and will be
available in Malaysia starting March 18.

10. UDA DAN DARA

New drama series starring Zul Ariffin and Siti Saleha based on the novel by
Aisya Sofea airs on Astro.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bots

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                             903 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                        June 3, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Samsung Pay Released In Spain

BYLINE: John DiPietro

LENGTH: 688  words


Samsung Pay, the mobile payment service, has entered the European soil with its
launch in Spain. This release has provided the service with an early-entry
advantage over its strong rivals like Apple Pay and Android Pay, which have not
yet stepped foot inside in Europe. During this year itself, Apple Pay is also
planning to get launched in Spain, which will be the services first market in
Europe like Samsung Pay.

Android Pay is also scheduling its entry into the European market, according to
Spencer Spinnell, the Director of Emerging Platforms at Google. Similar to its
other markets, Samsung will make Samsung Pay available on the flagship
smartphones of the company, which are the models within the Galaxy S7 and S6
series. The coming few weeks will witness the addition of this new feature to
the new model of the Galaxy A5.

Spain was selected as the first market for launch in Europe by the South Korean
multinational technology conglomerate since the country boasts of soaring levels
of smartphone ownership and credit card usage. Samsung conducted a research,
which revealed that 64% consumers in Spain make partial or complete payments for
their purchases through cards. Samsung Pay has joined hands with banks CaixaBank
and imaginBank in Spain as of now.

Customers of Abanca and Banco Sabadell will possibly get access to Samsung Pay
shortly. Android Authority revealed that a major feature of Samsung Pay is
absent in Spain. The missing feature is magnetic secure transmission (MST)
terminals and only that operates with near-field communication (NFC)-enabled
contactless payment terminals.

In January, CaixaBank had already disclosed that Samsung Pay's MST will not be
supported by it since contactless point-of-sale systems are highly-prevalent in
the country. In the United States, Samsung Pay gets a step ahead to Apple Pay
and Android Pay through its MST feature, since it prevents outlets from
installing new NFC-enabled terminals.

According to a story published on the topic by Tech Crunch, "Samsung Pay has
launched in Spain, its first European country. This gives the mobile payment
service a headstart over competitors Apple Pay and Android Pay, since the two
haven't landed in Europe yet."

Apple Pay is supposed to arrive in Spain (which would also be its first European
market) sometime this year, while Google director of emerging platforms Spencer
Spinnell recently said Android Pay plans to enter Europe soon.

In Spain, as in other markets, Samsung Pay is available on Samsung's flagship
smartphones, the Galaxy S7 and S6 series. It will also be added to this year's
model of the Galaxy A5 in the next few weeks.

"Samsung has launched its contactless payment service, Samsung Pay, in Spain.
This is the company's first foray into the European payments market, giving the
owners of devices such as the Galaxy S7 an extra use for their phone," according
to a news report published by Fortune.

"Samsung operates an open model of partnership and collaboration to deliver the
best possible customer experience," said Victor Kim, the global director for
Samsung Pay. "We're confident that we're providing Spanish customers with the
mobile payments service that they're looking for."

The company's first banking partners in Spain are CaixaBank and imaginBank,
while customers of Abanca and Banco Sabadell will soon also be able to link
their accounts with their Samsung phones.

A report published in CNET said, "Like rival services Apple Pay and Android Pay
-- the latter recently arrived in the UK -- Samsung Pay sees customers adding
credit or debit cards to their phone, which can then be tapped on tills to make
a contactless payment. Unlike those services, it can be used with older magnetic
strip systems."

"The opportunity for Samsung Pay in Spain is significant, due to the high
smartphone penetration rate and the digitalisation of the banking sector," said
Celestino Garcia, corporate vice president of Samsung Spain.

Samsung Pay launched in the US in September 2015. In February the company said
it had 5 million registered Samsung Pay customers, and claimed a "strong"
adoption rate in the US and South Korea.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             904 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                            November 8, 2016 Tuesday
                                 Early Edition

Samsung faces lawsuit in Canada

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 193 words


A class-action lawsuit has been filed in Canada regarding Samsung Galaxy Note 7
phones, which were recalled last month following reports of overheating
batteries that pose a fire hazard. The lawsuit against both the U.S. and
Canadian divisions of Samsung was filed in Ontario Superior Court by London,
Ont.-based McKenzie Lake Lawyers, LLP. The claim alleges Samsung was negligent
because they knew or should have known that the devices could harm consumers.

The allegations have not been proven in court. The lawsuit, which was filed on
behalf of Canadian residents who bought the Note 7, seeks damages and a
declaration that the defendants' actions were false and misleading and
contravened the Consumer Protection Act and the Competition Act. The South
Korean electronics giant stopped making and selling the devices and advised
owners to turn them offand stop using them last month.

Samsung Electronics Canada Inc. says customers who return the phone can either
exchange it for a Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 Edge, or receive a full refund.

Samsung did not immediately respond to a request for comment. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016
Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             905 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                             May 26, 2016 Thursday

HTC 10 launched at Rs 52,990 in India; HTC One X9 at Rs 25,990: All the key
specs;
HTC 10 smartphone has been launched in India today, at a price of Rs 52,990 and
as well as, the HTC Desire 628.

BYLINE: Hansa Verma

LENGTH: 447  words


HTC 10 smartphone has been launched in India today, at a price of Rs 52,990 and
as well as, the HTC Desire 628.

HTC 10 smartphone has been launched in India, at a price of Rs 52,990. The
company has also launched five more phones, the new HTC Desire 628 starting at
Rs 13,990, and HTC One X9 dual-SIM smartphone at Rs 25,990. HTC Desire 825 will
cost Rs 18,990 and goes on sale in June.

HTC 10 will go on sale from June 6, while HTC One X9 will go on sale from June
20. HTC 10 was globally unveiled in April, and is the make-or-break smartphone
for the Taiwanese company, which used to figure in the list of top smartphone
vendors till a few years back.

Sales for the company have fallen drastically, and HTC has been trying to make a
comeback in the premium segment. Given the Rs 50k plus pricing, HTC 10 will
compete with premium smartphones like Samsung Galaxy S7
(http://techie.indianexpress.com/samsung-galaxy-s7/ie1093713), S7 edge and LG
G5.

HTC 10 features a 5.2-inch 2K display, an aluminium uni-body design and the
latest Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor clocked at 2.2 Ghz. The smartphone
comes with new BoomSound technology, Dolby Surround Sound and best in class DAC.
It has 4GB RAM, and 32GB storage space. There's a micro-SD slot as well with 2TB
capacity.

HTC 10 features a 12 megapixel camera with HTC's Ultrapixel technology. HTC has
included OIS in the rear and front cameras, and the rear camera supports 4K
recording and comes with an f/1.8 aperture. The pixel size is 1.55m. The front
camera is 5 megapixels with 1.34 m pixel size.

HTC 10 runs Android 6 with HTC Sense, which appears to be very closer to stock
Android. HTC says that there is no duplication of apps. The battery is 3000 mAh,
and HTC is promising up to 27 hours of talk time on this smartphone. The
smartphone supports Quick Charge 3.0 and the HTC 10 can get to 50 per cent
charge in just under 30 minutes.

The smartphone supports USB Type-C charging. In terms of connectivity, it has
Bluetooth 4.0, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac (2.4 & 5 GHz) support for Chromecast,
AirPlay, and Miracast. There's also a fingerprint sensor on the front button.

HTC Desire 628 Dual SIM has a 5-inch HD display, 1.3GHz octa-core processor, 3GB
RAM and 32GB storage space, a 13-mp rear camera with a f/2.0 aperture and a 5-mp
selfie camera. It has a 2200 mAh battery and supports 4G
(http://indianexpress.com/tag/4g/) LTE support. The HTC Desire 628 dual-SIM has
a support microSD card with 2TB backup.

HTC One X9 features a 5.5-inch full HD display, Mediatek X10 octa-core 64-bit
processor with 3GB RAM and 32GB storage. It has a 13-mp with 1.12 m pixels with
OIS support, and a 5-mp with 1.12 m pixels. The battery is 3000 mAh.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             906 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                             August 2, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 to boost parts affiliates

BYLINE: By Kim Yoo-chul, Lee Min-hyung

LENGTH: 706 words


Morgan Stanley, UBS say Note 7 to be profit booster

Samsung Electronics' latest phablet - Galaxy Note 7 (Note 7) - is expected to
lift profits for Samsung's parts affiliates as the world's biggest smartphone
manufacturer remained confident of solid sales of the new Note.

'Initial response about the Note 7 from Samsung's local and overseas carrier
partners was very favorable. The sale of the new Note will exceed that of
previous models,' a Samsung executive told The Korea Times, Tuesday.

The executive declined to specify how many orders it has so far received from
mobile carriers in markets in which the Note 7 will be available.

But he said Samsung's handset facilities are 'fully operational' to ship the
Notes to carriers as scheduled.

Samsung has chosen New York City in an attempt to directly confront Apple and
take an early lead in the smarpthone competition ahead of Apple's new iPhone,
which will be released in the latter half of this year.

The point is that while LG Electronics is disappointed at sluggish mobile sales,
Samsung Electronics has clearly staged a strong turnaround during the second
quarter this year.

There's no question that Samsung's performance in the June quarter was a
testament to its earnings renaissance.

Samsung's mobile business is making solid earnings for Samsung's component
business and the group's parts-related affiliates as the company has
'vertically-integrated' its supply chain system from parts to sets.

'We maintain our 70,000-won per share target on Samsung Electro-Mechanics
(Samsung Electro) because Samsung Electro is responsible for offering some
improved new features on the Note 7 such as water-resistance and eye-scanning,'
said Samsung Securities analyst Lee Jong-wook in a report to clients.

Lee said Samsung's shift to focus more on components such the size of displays,
camera functions and storage capacity will also keep Samsung Electro's factories
running.

'Note 7 made little overhaul in its surface; however, it made some meaningful
changes in components with Samsung Electro leading the way,' according to the
analyst.

Hana Financial's Park Joon-hyung said the local brokerage revised up its target
for Samsung Electro to 63,500 won per share from 61,000 won thanks to the
better-than-expected forecast of Note 7 sales.

'We expect Samsung Electro to report 55.4 billion won as its third quarter
operating profit, up 263 percent from the previous quarter. This is due to
increasing orders for the Note 7 from major carriers specifically those in
China,' said Park.

With Samsung Electro, Samsung SDI, the battery affiliate of Samsung, is also
expected to benefit from the Note 7 given Samsung SDI's greater exposure for the
supplement of its batteries to the Note 7, they said.

Brighter second half outlook

More importantly, Samsung Electronics itself will benefit most from the release
of the Note 7 at a time when the company's Galaxy S7 smartphone has already
logged good early shipments, boosting Samsung Electronics stocks to an increase
of 19 percent of its price since the release of the Galaxy S7 smarpthone.

'Samsung Electronics' stock could climb higher,' Morgan Stanley analyst Shawn
Kim said. 'While smartphone profits could dip in the September quarter as Galaxy
S7 shipments settle down and marketing expenses rise, the launch of the Note 7
is expected to cushion the fall.'

Morgan Stanley expects Samsung Electronics' operating profit to rise as much as
18 percent in the second half from the first half.

'We have an overweight rating on the stock with a 1,800,000 won per share target
price,' Kim said.

Bernstein Research's senior analyst Mark C. Newman said the Note 7 will help
increase its manufacturing efficiency and the company continues the margin
improvement trend.

UBS analyst Nicolas Gaudois focused on Samsung's plan to aggressively promote
curved OLED screens because the production yields - defect rates - of curved
OLED screens by Samsung reached a 'stable level.'

UBS has a buy rating on the stock with a 1,700,000 won a share target price.

'Samsung's OLED prowess has given the company a head start in moving towards
foldable handsets - seen as the next disruptor product in the smartphone market
- with the flexible display of its edge models,' said Gaudois.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             907 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday

Will Galaxy Note 7 debacle blow up Samsung's dominance in smartphone market?

BYLINE: Shephali Bhatt

SECTION: BRAND EQUITY

LENGTH: 1186 words


Samsung killed Note 7. But the demise may have put massive dent on its chances
of continued dominance in the smartphone universe.

Following weeks of reports of exploding Samsung Galaxy Note 7 phablets,
concerned parents are asking their kids, "You have a Samsung

phone na? Please be careful, beta.

They're exploding!" As if every Samsung mobile device has turned into a highly
unstable nuclear warhead with a fast degenerating plutonium core. Some people
are seeing phantom smoke come out of Samsung washing machines even. Airlines and
pilots are asking passengers

to turn off Note 7 devices, calling out the brand by name in a never-seen-before
move.

Last week, TechCrunch's John Biggs wondered, "Could this be the end of Samsung's
smartphone reign?" It can't get worse, right? And yet, over at Cnet, Chris
Matyszczyk made the unkindest comparison of all: "Samsung or Trump: Which brand
is in bigger trouble?" He wrote,

"When the mighty fall, they don't always know how to react. After all, they're
mighty. Falling is for lesser sorts. Yet the last couple of weeks have seen two
famous brands fall into disrepute by their own hands. Careless hands, small
hands."

Samsung's Note 7 debacle is being billed as one of the worst disasters in tech
history.

Analysts have calculated the total cost of a permanent end to its "combustible"
flagship product's sales and it doesn't look pretty. A cost of $17 billion never
does.

An unintentional roast

Before the first Note 7 turned into an explosive device, though, it was hailed
as the ultimate victory for the South Korean electronics giant. At launch, in
Samsung's home market, over 200,000 units were pre-ordered in 2 days. Every Note
7 review was a slap in the face of Apple fanboys and gals everywhere. Even now,
despite a steady stream of reports and pictures of cooked phablets, and Samsung
officially killing

the Note category, some users and loyalists refuse to give up their devices.
Reasons vary from its superior capabilities to replacement hassles. Sample this
from Josh Dickey, entertainment editor at Mashable (@JLDlite): "I am keeping my
Samsung Galazy (sic) Note 7. The ORIGINAL one."

Dickey's piece on why he won't abandon the "ticking time-bomb"- 'My Galaxy Note7
is still safer than my car. I 'm keeping it' - comes with

this disclaimer though; "Mashable does not condone keeping your Galaxy Note 7 ,
and in fact has recommended strongly against it. This viewpoint is the author's
alone, and his judgment is obviously questionable."

There's certainly no dearth of "shame on you for still using Note 7" messages.
Samsung's shame, now, users' must bear too. Power down or

bugger off, dear irresponsible user.

'Next is what'?

"Clearly this is an unprecedented (and unanticipated) incident," says Manu
Sharma, vice president, mobile business, Samsung India. "Despite that across the
world teams have worked together fast and efficiently to announce to the world
and take the bold decision to have this kind of recall worldwide and not launch
product in India.

The main thing that we did was tell consumers that we care about them and we
don't want them to have a device that undermines their safety.

That's the first message we passed on to consumers. The second thing we did was
apprise them of the situation and how Samsung was trying to find the root cause
of the problem. And then we announced that in the interest of consumer safety
the product and sale of Note 7 would be

stopped globally. While in India we decided to not sell it anyway until we were
absolutely sure we were giving a safe product to consumers."

Samsung's Sharma admits that lasting damage to the brand is a concern, and
gaining back consumer trust is top priority. "While Note category in India is
not that large. But for us it's very important that each and every consumer,
even people who don't own Note devices but some other Samsung device is
absolutely sure that Samsung would work in their best interest and build the
best products for them. We'll do everything possible to gain their trust, and
we'll come back with a very solid plan for them on the S7 and S7 Edge product."

Finding its edge

The one thing that could prove to be Samsung's saving grace Matyszczyk points to
in his piece on Samsung and Trump: "Samsung's debacle is out of character.
Trump's is totally Trump." A fact competition is quick to acknowledge. Shubhodip
Pal, COO, Yu Mobile (a subsidiary of Micromax), believes Samsung will do just
fine. He says the company acted as a brave and responsible multinational.
Besides, he suspects, most of the negative sentiment surrounding the brand at
the moment is perhaps led and aggravated by users who aren't Samsung fans to

begin with.

Karthik Srinivasan, National lead, Social@Ogilvy, however, is less hopeful about
Samsung's prospects. He believes, Samsung, ideally, ought to abandon its old
brands like Galaxy and Note. Because in the minds of users the association with
Galaxy Note 7's spectacular fall from 'the greatest phone on the planet' to
badly burnt toast might be a lasting one. A memory that will make consumers of
premium devices think twice before splurging Rs 50,000 to Rs 60,000 on a Samsung
phone.

But that looks unlikely since in a global company statement last week Samsung
said, "Moving forward, Samsung Electronics plans to normalize its mobile
business by expanding sales of f lagship models such as the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy
S7 edge."

Srinivasan looks back at another large-scale recall from early 2007. Nokia, in a
fast-footed move, offered to replace 46 million faulty batteries. Though it did
nothing to change the brand's plummeting fortunes and eventual demise. (Nokia's
is not the most reassuring of tales, clearly.)

Furthermore, we mustn't dismiss social media's role in amplifying consumer
sentiment and, in this case, fear, within a short-span of time. 2007 was a
simpler time. Samsung, says Srinivasan, was too slow to act and gave users ample
fodder to exercise their comedic chops for weeks. Even the fireproof boxes
Samsung sent to Note 7 owners to safely pack the device have become the subject
of ridicule and satirical unboxing videos, usually reserved for unpacking new
purchases by proud owners. Despite Samsung's task forces' best efforts to
address every concern on social media and keep customers apprised of the
situation, the meme machine was relentless.

Adding insult to injury is Google and its current ad blitz for Pixel, a phone
competing directly with Samsung's S7 range and Note, and iPhone 7. Next to Pixel
advertisements in major Indian dailies are ads for its cheaper Chinese brethren,
Huawei's Honor. Google Pixel, iPhone, OnePlus, Xiaomi, Huawei, and others, are
well placed to offer hesitant Samsung users suitable alternatives. While
Samsung's marketing machine will have to work doubly hard over the next few
years to reassure old and new customers of its top-end hardware that its phones
won't explode in their pockets or while watching Daenerys Targaryen's
fire-breathing dragons roast human beings, mid-flight.

The bottom line is, in a post "Explodegate" world, Samsung's future looks
pixelated.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             908 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           October 12, 2016 Wednesday
                                Ontario Edition

CAVEAT EMPTOR

BYLINE: SHANE DINGMAN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 762 words


Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. is stopping production of the Galaxy Note 7, one of
its most popular smartphones, after being unable to halt a rash of spontaneous
fires and explosions.

How many consumers are affected?

In September, the company recalled 2.5 million of the devices to replace
batteries that were catching on fire, but after reports replacements also burst
into flames, the company discontinued the product. Estimates are that four
million of the devices were sold worldwide.

Starting on Oct. 13, at their point of purchase, Samsung Note 7 owners can bring
their device in for an exchange to a Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 edge device or a
fulldevice hardware and Note 7-specific accessories refund.

How much will this cost Samsung?

Investors burned off $20-billion (U.S.) of Samsung Electronics' market value on
Tuesday as its shares closed down 8 per cent, the biggest single-day decline
since 2008. The company expected to sell upwards of 12 million Note 7s, and
analysts at Nomura Holdings Inc. have predicted that if the model cannot be
rehabilitated and sold to consumers, it could cost Samsung $5-billion in
operating profit.

How popular is Samsung?

Samsung is the smartphone market-share leader in almost every region outside of
North America and Japan (where Apple is top dog) and China's fragmented market,
which is owned mainly by Chinese brands like Huawei, Oppo and Xiaomi.

According to IDC Canada, 4.9 million smartphones were sold in Canada in the
first half of 2016, and 36.7 per cent of which were Samsung models. Typically,
the Note has made up to 10 per cent of Samsung's smartphone unit sales
worldwide.

What does this mean for Canadians?

Canada's Big Three national carriers - BCE Inc., Rogers Communications Inc. and
Telus Corp. - have stopped selling the Note 7.

BCE says it will refund customers or exchange for another device at the store
where they bought the Note 7, while Telus says it is "working on a refund or
exchange process and will provide details as soon as possible."

Rogers says customers can bring their Note 7 back to the store where they got it
for a refund or exchange, and those who ordered one online can "call us to start
the exchange or refund process."

As of Sept. 12, Health Canada reported Samsung had sold about 21,953 Note 7s in
Canada, and about one million in the United States. That was with less than a
month in the market, but it is still not a huge number in Canada's overall
wireless market of about 29 million subscribers.

So the Note 7 will not be part of the carriers' lineup for the holiday season,
but smartphones from Samsung and other companies can likely fill that gap.

"Samsung's a great partner and one of our top selling mobile brands. We expect
that to continue," BCE spokesman Mark Langton said on Tuesday.

Why are the phones exploding?

The volatile chemistry of lithiumion batteries is well known to electronics
manufacturers. In late 2015, the "hoverboard" selfbalancing scooter fad was
derailed by dozens of lithium-ion battery failures and fires, and even Apple's
iPhone had reports of a few battery fires in 2015 and 2016.

A li-ion battery is essentially a layer-cake of different materials: a positive
electrode (often made of lithium iron phosphate), a negative electrode (usually
made of carbon), and in between them a chemical or liquid electrolyte.

Pure lithium is unstable and highly reactive, and the electrolytes are often
such volatile chemicals as dimethyl carbonate (DMC), ethyl methyl carbonate
(EMC), which can hit flashpoints at room temperature (between 16 and 33 C).
Anything that punctures the layers that separate these materials can become a
"hot spot" for electrical current and cause the battery to explode.

After li-ion battery fires in laptops in 2007, researchers looked for ways to
monitor and stop the formation of metallic fibres, called dendrites, that can
grow inside the batteries and cause short-circuits.

It is not clear exactly what is wrong with Samsung's batteries, but something is
compromising those layers - which do not fail in most li-ion batteries.

Maybe we should not use these batteries?

Do not count on a switch away from li-ion soon: Despite the risk of fire, they
are the dominant power cell in mobile phones and electric cars. Allied Market
Research estimates the global market for lithium-ion batteries will generate
$46-billion in revenue by 2022, up from $29-billion in 2015. Samsung SDI Co.
Ltd. is one of the big four battery makers, with Panasonic Corp., Automotive
Energy Supply Corporation (AESC) and LG Chem Power.

With reports from Christine Dobby and Reuters

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2016 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             909 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                             April 17, 2016 Sunday
                              AdvertiserTV Edition

The smartest way to make the right case

BYLINE: Jennifer Dudley-Nicholson

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 627  words


Want to protect your new Samsung mobile? You'll be spoiled for choice, writes
Jennifer Dudley-Nicholson

SAMSUNG'S new smartphones are arguably its most attractive to date. But, one
month after launch, it's time to think about how to keep those beautiful glass
and metal bodies protected from everyday life, and maybe even make them more
eye-catching.

We scoured the market for the best, prettiest and most useful Samsung Galaxy S7
and S7 Edge cases, and can recommend five that will change the way you look at
your phone.

Aeroshield Cygnett, $25 cygnett.com *** 1/2 Australian firm Cygnett attempts to
solve the Galaxy S7 Edge conundrum with this cover, below. Namely, how to keep
its design on show while protecting it from scratches and slips. The Aeroshield
is a clear case, available with coloured edges if you prefer, that hugs this
phone's curves with a polyurethane frame and polycarbonate shell to provide
protection from drops. It also features four raised corners on the back of the
case to keep it in place on slippery surfaces. Its lack of weight and bulk is
commendable, though this cover does scratch quite easily.

Samsung Lens Cover Samsung, $TBA samsung.com/au ***** Of all the cases, covers,
and slips for Samsung's new smartphones, this is the smartest. The Lens Cover,
right, out this month, takes the phone's camera to the next level, letting users
attach a high-quality, metal and glass lens for surprisingly crisp results. It's
the first time Samsung has made a phone lens but the company's photographic
experience shines through. The wide-angle addition we tested showed little
distortion at the edges yet allowed plenty of extra detail into the frame. The
case itself features a soft lining and understated leather-like exterior and,
even though the lens screws on in just one turn, it remains securely in place.
Macro lens next, please.

Tech21 Evo Wallet Tech21, $60 tech21.com **** This case can have your new phone
completely surrounded. The Tech21 creation, below, not only hugs the rounded
edges of the Galaxy S7 Edge with impact-reducing FlexShock material, but it then
covers it with a water-resisting material to keep scratches off its screen.
Inside the flip-up cover lies space for a credit card for use as a real wallet,
while a microfibre lining helps keep its screen pristine. The case does weigh
30g and some may not like it covering the phone's Always On display, but the Evo
Wallet provides plenty of protection when you just want to throw your phone into
a bag.

Case-Mate Brilliance Case-Mate, $78.49 mobilezap.com.au **** How do you ensure
Samsung's curvy, flagship phone stands out? Fit it with a case paved with
genuine crystals. The Case-Mate Brilliance is covered in faceted stones that
reflect light and it features a champagne-coloured frame and matching button
covers to set them off. It's not just good-looking, though. This cover comes in
two parts, including a silicon lining to provide impact resistance in the
unlikely case the crystals slip from your grip. The blinged-up accessory does
add 50g and 3mm to the size of Samsung's slender phone but it will be worth it
for those who want to be noticed.

Tech21 Evo Check Tech21, $50 tech21.com ****You shouldn't throw your phone
around but, if you happen to drop it from 2m, this case promises to absorb the
impact. Mercifully, the Evo Check case is not as bulky as you'd expect of a case
making that promise, with a slender profile, light weight and just a little
extra padding around the outside of the phone. The "check" in its name refers to
the pattern on this case, curiously positioned inside rather than outside for
slip resistance, and it's available for the S7 in three colours, including pink,
below. It's a slick take on a protective case for clumsier types.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Advertiser


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             910 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                          September 17, 2015 Thursday

Samsung to release foldable smartphone next year

LENGTH: 145  words


According to a tipster from China, who claims to have in-depth knowledge and an
early scoop on Project Valley, the device is currently undergoing testing.
Apparently, the company is testing the device in two hardware configurations one
with Snapdragon 620 processor and the other with a Snapdragon 820 chipset.
Samsung is said to be considering the latter for future flagship smartphones,
including the Galaxy S7.

The device is, which is said to be launched in January 2016, would sport 3GB of
RAM, a microSD card slot, and a non-removable battery.

However, it should be noted that this device isn't the Galaxy S7, and Samsung
could launch this device only in South Korea.

Smartphone with a dual-edge curved display, the Galaxy S6 edge, earlier this
year. Now, it is being reported that Samsung is eyeing to launch its first
smartphone with a foldable display early next year.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             911 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            October 14, 2016 Friday

Samsung sees further $3 billion profit hit from Galaxy Note 7 crisis

LENGTH: 469  words

DATELINE: Seoul


Seoul, Oct. 14 -- Samsung on Friday said the crisis over its exploding Note 7
smartphones would cost another $3 billion-plus in lost profit over the next two
quarters, but hoped expanded sales of its other flagship handset would help
cushion the impact.


 The profit warning came two days after the South Korean electronics giant
slashed its operating profit for the third quarter by $2.3 billion.
 After a recall problem with the large-sized Galaxy Note 7 turned into a
full-blown crisis, Samsung announced earlier this week that it was scrapping the
model entirely - a devastating move for a company that prides itself on the
quality production of cutting-edge technology.
 On top of the third-quarter loss, Samsung said the drop in sales arising from
the decision to discontinue the Note 7 would continue to impact profit margins
during the October-March period - including the crucial holiday buying season.
 It estimated operating profit loss in the fourth quarter at around the "mid-2
trillion ($2.2 billion) won range" and 1.0 trillion won for the first quarter of
2017.
 "Moving forward, Samsung Electronics plans to normalise its mobile business by
expanding sales of flagship models such as the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge,"
the company said in a statement.
 Samsung announced a recall of 2.5 million units of the oversized Galaxy Note 7
smartphone in early September after several devices exploded or caught fire.
 When replacement phones also started to combust, the company eventually decided
to kill off the Note 7 for good.
 The company blamed faulty batteries made by an unnamed supplier - widely
believed to be its sister company Samsung SDI.
 But numerous experts and analysts said the problem may have been with the
handset's underlying technology, and Samsung's decision to rush the launch of
the smartphone ahead of the latest iPhone from arch-rival Apple.
 In its statement, Samsung vowed to "focus on enhancing product safety for
consumers by making significant changes in its quality assurance processes."
 Industry analysts have suggested the Note 7 fiasco could end up costing Samsung
anywhere between $10 billion and $20 billion, with a lot of the losses tied up
with the harder-to-calculate damage done to brand reputation.
 "And this figure doesn't take into account the huge marketing costs for Samsung
to win back customer loyalty and to regain the trust of mobile carriers," said
Greg Roh, an analyst at HMC Investment Securities
 "It will have to spend a lot of money to recover and much work has to be done,"
Roh said.
 The stock market, which has largely factored in the inevitable profit hit
Samsung will be forced to take, reacted calmly to Friday's announcement.
 Samsung's share price dropped 0.4 percent at the opening bell, but then
recovered to move into positive territory, up 0.5 percent.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             912 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Mandatory for birthday bash guests-'No tequila shot, no entry'

LENGTH: 929  words


The speakeasy Bank Bar was transformed into a Mexican cantina complete with
banderitas, sombreros and a giant pinata for the 29th birthday celebration of
Mayor Pie Alvarez of San Vicente, Palawan.

While entering the secret door, every guest had to agree to the sign: 'Mandatory
tequila shots for party guests. No shot, no entry.'

Then we were given pom-pom sombreros and gorgeous fresh flower crowns or
headbands, like what Mexico's iconic artist Frida Kahlo wore.

Close friends of the celebrator arrived in the most creative, Latin
fiesta-themed outfits with tops and skirts from Temperley London, headpieces and
earrings from Dolce and Gabbana, and clutches from Mola Sasa.

The colorful crowd danced the night away to the fabulous music spun by DJ Nix
Damn P and DJ Euric.

Tequila and other 'name your poison' drinks such as vodka and scotch poured
through the night and into dawn, dahlings, while our hostess with the mostest,
Mayor Pie, made the rounds, forever seeing to it that we were having a grand
time, palangga. We surely did!

This one-of-a-kind evening ended with the pinata and giveaways of gift
certificates from LCP, Bank Bar and Spaholics.

Muchos gracias, Pie, for a superbly organized bash!

New ambassadors

Smart Infinity recently introduced its latest ambassadors-Rustan's Commercial
Corp. president Donnie Tantoco, wife Crickette Yu-Tantoco, and Raul Francisco
and Joanna Presyler-Francisco-at Provenance Art Gallery at The Fort.

With the anticipated release of the new Samsung Galaxy Note 7, Smart Infinity is
offering two of the phones with the Roaming Plan 8000 (24 months), and Galaxy
Note 7 or Galaxy S7 for the Roaming Plan 5000 (30 months).

'Members may experience their new devices with discounted outbound roaming
rates, 15GB data allocation and a hefty monthly consumable allocation,' said
Julie Carceller, head of Smart Infinity and Smart's multisegment marketing.

'We want to recognize not only those who have conquered their boundaries and
attained success in their own lives, but those who have done well in sparking
change in other people's lives as well,' she added. 'We want to inspire others
to follow suit by providing them excellent technology and services-tools they
need to start leading the change.'

In addition, subscribers can enjoy the limited-edition Samsung S7 Edge Silver,
Samsung Gear VR and Samsung Gear 360. All three devices may be enjoyed with Plan
8000.

Plan 5000 members may receive the Samsung S7 Edge Silver with a Samsung Gear
360.

Visit www.smart.com.ph/infinity or follow on Instagram @smartinfinity.

New Australian resto

Endless flow of canapes and champagne saw the launch of the second branch of
BondiandBourke at Forbes Town Center, Bonifacio Global City, Taguig.

Chef Wade Watson, who earlier offered the first branch at Legaspi Village in
Makati, prepared his signature no-nonsense Australian comfort food.

Served, dahlings, were Foie Gras Brochettes, prawn cocktail, mini pies, sausage
rolls, and fish and chips. Guests were stuffed to their delight as the
Australian chef served his best-selling roasted prime rib-eye with mashed
potatoes and fresh warm mushroom salad.

The satisfying and very filling spread ended with BondiandBourke's famous Sticky
Toffee Pudding, which instantly became a crowd favorite.

Everyone got to take home more food as the standard steak pies and Lamingtons
(an original Australian dessert) were packed for guests.

'This is one restaurant which is a must go-to. And I guarantee you, it won't be
your last visit,' said Thinlines' Frank Evaristo, natch.

Call 0998-8406268, 8331812 (Makati branch) or 0998-8406268, 8331812; or book via
the Booky app.

Italian decor

When it comes to furniture design and quality, Italians are at the top of the
game, so furniture lovers flocked to the much-anticipated opening of Designa
Italia at La Fuerza Compound.

The Italian home furnishing store is the brainchild of the enterprising mother
and daughter tandem, Dette Aquino-Tan and Audrey Tan-Zubiri.

'The pieces we carry are beautiful,' said Audrey. 'They are a perfect balance
between classic and contemporary while our leather sofas feel like butter you
could melt into. What sets us apart from other stores is our mission to make
Italian furniture more reasonably priced and accessible to a broader market.'

Dette said, 'We went to Italy and personally toured the factories to observe
their production and the manufacturing process and we were truly impressed. The
value they put on traditional craftsmanship is evident in every piece that they
produce. Everything, from the tanning of the leather to creating the structure
and design of the items, is a celebration of Italian talent and creativity.'

Doing the ribbon-snipping were Tessa Prieto-Valdes and Sen. Dick Gordon and Kate
Gordon. Cocktails were by chef Gilbert Pangilinan of Kai.

Sen. Miguel Zubiri was emcee, introducing Dette and Audrey to the guests and
narrating how the store was conceptualized: 'It's unbelievable how my
mother-in-law and my wife can turn a shopping trip abroad into a new business
venture!'

Designa Italia is at W14B La Fuerza Compound, 2241 Chino Roces Ave., Makati.
Call 027728343; e-mail [email protected]

'Oh Boy' concert

A must-see concert is 'Oh Boy' on Sept. 23, 8 p.m., at Music Museum. It features
good-looking actors Rocco Nocino, Jake Vargas, Aljur Abrenica and Derrick
Monasterio.

Special guest is Julie Ann San Jose.

It promises to be a hot and steamy night full of dancing, singing and flirting.
So, palangga,, rush and grab your tickets: P1,500, balcony; P2,000, patron;
P2,500, VIP.

Visit SMTickets, Ticket World, Ticketnet.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                             913 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                             June 18, 2016 Saturday

Why no Samsung Pay for S6, S6 edge';
Samsung users who have a Galaxy S6 or S6 edge may be wondering why the Samsung
Pay service is not available on their phones. Digital reporter Vincent Chang
found out why.

SECTION: HOME

LENGTH: 355 words


Samsung Pay officially went live in Singapore on Thursday. But it is not
supported on the Galaxy S6 and the Galaxy S6 edge here, despite the fact that
both phones support this function in the United States.

It turns out that Samsung Pay in China is also incompatible with the S6 and S6
edge.

Samsung Pay was launched in Australia on Wednesdayand its website states that
Samsung Pay for the S6 and the S6 edge will be available at a later date.
However, the website also says the S6 and S6 edge will work via near-field
communication (NFC) and not through Magnetic Secure Transmission (MST)
technology.

MST is Samsung Pay's biggest advantage over other mobile payments like Apple
Pay. This is because this technology works with traditional magnetic credit card
readers. This means Samsung Pay will be available at more retailers, compared to
Apple Pay. In addition, the transaction limit for MST is the individual card
limit, instead of the $100 limit for contactless payment methods like Apple Pay.

We asked Samsung about the lack of Samsung Pay on the S6 and S6 edge.

It said: "There are several factors that are taken into consideration during the
production of our phone models for each market. At the time, we decided not to
include Samsung Pay in our Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 edge models for Singapore.
The Singapore market wasn't ready then and we knew it would take at least a year
to make progress to launch Samsung Pay in Singapore. By then, we would be more
than halfway through the life cycle of the Galaxy S6 and S6 edge models. We've
since included Samsung Pay in every subsequent flagship model, including the
Galaxy S6 edge+, Note 5 as well as our Galaxy S7 and S7 edge phones."

Samsung phones that support MST have a tiny metal coil that generates the
magnetic field to communicate with magnetic credit card readers. Samsung
acquired this technology last year by buying LoopPay, a mobile payment firm that
has patented the MST technology.

Since the S6 and S6 edge do not appear to support Samsung Pay via MST outside
the US, my guess is that the international variants of these phones probably
lack the hardware for MST.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Samsung Pay was launched here on Thursday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             914 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

EE boosts data speeds with 4G+ roll-out

LENGTH: 284 words



HIGHLIGHT: News: Faster smartphones such as the HTC M10 and Galaxy S7 will
benefit from higher speeds.


EE is introducing a new technology that it says will boost network capacity and
deliver faster speeds for customers.

The operator will be extending its 4G+ network to enable access to a third block
of spectrum for high-speed 4G services on over 500 sites.

Already live in Wembley Stadium, this network will be activated on sites in
central London starting with Tech City. Sites such as Birmingham and Manchester
will have the network activated through 2016 and 2017.

The move is aimed at benefitting customers with Cat 9 smartphones such as the
HTC M10 and the Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge and Note 7 models. In a testing
environment, these devices can achieve 450 Mbps, but on most mobile networks
these speeds are not achievable.

According to EE, the HTC M10 in tests has achieved a real-world speed exceeding
360Mbps on the EE network at Wembley Stadium.

The new roll-out follows previous moves to support Cat 6 devices. For these, EE
enabled the first stage of the 4G+ network, which uses two blocks of mobile
spectrum, in over 150 towns and cities across the UK.

EE CEO Marc Allera said: "There's no point having the latest smartphones on a
network that can't support the top speeds the device is capable of. We've
invested in our network to ensure that all of our customers get the most out of
the amazing smartphones they have, and can keep up with the highest speeds that
the latest devices offer.

"With 4G+ now supporting Cat 9 devices, plus Wi-Fi Calling and 4G Calling,
customers on EE will continue to get more from their new smartphone than on any
other network"

Customers on an EE Extra or EE Complete plan will have no extra cost to use 4G+.
If eligible, users will connect to the service automatically.

LOAD-DATE: September 08, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             915 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Samsung releases Canadian details of phone recall

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 170 words


MISSISSAUGA, Ont. * Samsung has released Canadian details for the 10-country
recall of 2.5 million Galaxy Note 7 smartphones, following reports that some of
their batteries have exploded or caught fire.

Samsung Electronics Canada says there has been no confirmed incident in this
country, but Canadian customers are eligible for a product exchange.

Samsung's parent company said last week that it would set up a product exchange
after it confirmed 35 cases of Note 7s that exploded or caught fire due to
defective batteries from one supplier. Owners of the phone in Canada can
exchange a recalled device for a new one of the same model.

The company says another option is to exchange a recalled device for a Galaxy S7
or Galaxy S7 Edge through the carrier or retailer that sold the device.

Samsung says Note 7 owners can initiate the exchange by visiting a
special-purpose website: CanadaNote7exchange.expertinquiry.com. It also has a
toll-free phone number: 1-800-517-3507. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Telegraph-Journal
(New Brunswick)

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Telegraph Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             916 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday
                         The New York Times on the Web

What to Do if You Have a Samsung Galaxy Note 7

BYLINE: By J. D. BIERSDORFER

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; TECH TIP; Pg.

LENGTH: 402 words


Q. Which Samsung Galaxy phones are affected by the battery problems?

A. Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 device is the only model currently involved in the
battery situation, and the company says it has stopped selling that version of
the device. The Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge models and older members in the
Galaxy S line are not affected.

Since the Galaxy Note 7's release last month, Samsung has received 92 reports of
batteries overheating in the United States, including 26 reports of burns and 55
reports of property damage, according to the United States Consumer Product
Safety Division. A manufacturing defect in the particular lithium-ion battery
used by that model is believed to be the cause of the combustibility.

Although not initially part of an official government recall (which may have led
to some confusion) the situation prompted Samsung to set up a voluntary safety
recall program for all Galaxy Note 7 owners to swap out their current phones for
new ones. As of Sept. 15, the Consumer Product Safety Commission made it a
formal recall.

If you have a Galaxy Note 7, Samsung advises contacting the wireless carrier or
retail store where you originally purchased the phone for details about making
the trade. Those who bought the model directly from Samsung's website should
call the company at 1-844-365-6197 or visit www.samsung.com for information.

Within the exchange program, Galaxy Note 7 owners can either trade in their
phones for a new version of the same model or trade in the Galaxy Note 7 for a
different type of Samsung smartphone. The company will refund any price
difference between models. In both cases, Samsung is also handing out a $25 gift
card or bill credit to participants. A full refund for the phone is also
possible.

A statement on Samsung's website confirms that the replacement Galaxy Note 7
models have now been approved by the C.P.S.C. and will be headed to stores for
the exchange by Sept. 21.

Both the Federal Aviation Administration and the C.P.S.C. have issued warnings
advising Galaxy Note 7 owners not to use, charge or pack their phones in checked
baggage. The C.P.S.C. site has its own information about Samsung's recall and a
form to report incidents with the device.

Personal Tech invites questions about computer-based technology to
techtip@nytimes.com This column will answer questions of general interest, but
letters cannot be answered individually.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/20/technology/personaltech/what-to-do-if-you-have
-a-samsung-galaxy-note-7.html

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Question

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                             917 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                              May 20, 2016 Friday

WEEKENDER: marketing;
From Instagram to exhibit walls

SECTION: Pg. S3/5

LENGTH: 564 words


SMARTPHONE CAMERAS nowadays are better than ever. In fact, Samsung Electronics
says, they're so good, they've practically rendered standard point-and-shoot
cameras obsolete. But, can a phone replace a professional single-lens reflex
(SLR) camera?

Samsung decided to put its Galaxy S7 Edge to that test, with the hope users will
learn to see beyond megapixel count to judge image quality.

"Basically, people think the higher the megapixel count, the better the
quality," Samsung said in a recent press release. "It does not take into
consideration the other factors that make for great cameras such as aperture,
shutter speed, and fast auto-focus, just to name a few."

Samsung commissioned two professional fashion photographers, BJ Pascual and Mark
Nicdao, to photograph models Georgina Wilson-Burnand and Solenn Heussaff with
just the Galaxy S7 Edge. Mr. Pascual shot Ms. Wilson- Burnand in low light while
Mr. Nicdao photographed Ms. Heussaff underwater.

"I was both hesitant and thrilled when I was first offered the project," Mr.
Nicdao was quoted saying in the press release. "First, I haven't done an
underwater shoot, and second, I've never done a fashion shoot with just a
smartphone. Combining both was a real challenge."

Ms. Heussaff, for her part, is no stranger to underwater shoots or to Samsung,
but she also had her doubts. "With just a smartphone? I honestly thought people
would just take behind-the-scenes [shots] with it; I did not expect the [phone]
to be used as the main camera... because you'd always need the specs to be
really high for these things," she was quoted saying.

Mr. Pascual shared his own misgivings: "I was really skeptical at first because
I've never done a professional shoot before with just a smartphone. [Also,] the
setup had to be dark, and photos can get really grainy."

But when both photographers and models saw the shots they took with the Galaxy
S7 Edge, "all the initial hesitation they felt quickly dissipated," Samsung said
in its press release.

"I think it's about time that we take smartphone cameras seriously," Mr. Pascual
was quoted saying.

Last Friday, May 13, Samsung put the resulting photos in a photo exhibit called
"Dark Blue", at the Green Sun in Makati. The collection "Own the Night" featured
Mr. Pascual's photos of Ms. Wilson-Burnand, while "Into the Blue" was composed
of Mr. Nicdao's shots of Ms. Heussaff.

"It's a different process since it was faster and simpler. But... I think it
gives skeptics... a chance to see that Samsung knows what they're talking
about," Ms. Wilson-Burnand was quoted saying.

Mr. Nicdao, said to be impressed by the phone, was quoted saying: "There's this
unprecedented shift that's happening in photography... driven by more people
having access to the tools that allow them to find their voice. If smartphone
brands, such as Samsung, are able to help them find their passion and tap into
their talent, it's at least worth putting their claim to the test."

Chad Sotelo, Samsung Electronics Philippines Corp. corporate marketing head,
expressed a similar thought.

"Quality is important, but so is enthusiasm to explore new things. This was
certainly a daring move and a new experience for us, but it just highlights how
technology can really be a game changer. Capturing a great picture using a
smartphone is no less rewarding than if you had taken it using a DSLR (digital
SLR)," he was quoted saying.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             918 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 22, 2016 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Samsung's Recall: A User's Guide

BYLINE: By J. D. BIERSDORFER

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Personal Tech; TECH TIP; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 402 words


Q. Which Samsung Galaxy phones are affected by the battery problems?

A. Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 device is the only model currently involved in the
battery situation, and the company says it has stopped selling that version of
the device. The Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge models and older members in the
Galaxy S line are not affected.

Since the Galaxy Note 7's release last month, Samsung has received 92 reports of
batteries overheating in the United States, including 26 reports of burns and 55
reports of property damage, according to the United States Consumer Product
Safety Division. A manufacturing defect in the particular lithium-ion battery
used by that model is believed to be the cause of the combustibility.

Although not initially part of an official government recall (which may have led
to some confusion) the situation prompted Samsung to set up a voluntary safety
recall program for all Galaxy Note 7 owners to swap out their current phones for
new ones. As of Sept. 15, the Consumer Product Safety Commission made it a
formal recall.

If you have a Galaxy Note 7, Samsung advises contacting the wireless carrier or
retail store where you originally purchased the phone for details about making
the trade. Those who bought the model directly from Samsung's website should
call the company at 1-844-365-6197 or visit www.samsung.com/us/note7recall.

Within the exchange program, Galaxy Note 7 owners can either trade in their
phones for a new version of the same model or trade in the Galaxy Note 7 for a
different type of Samsung smartphone. The company will refund any price
difference between models. In both cases, Samsung is also handing out a $25 gift
card or bill credit to participants. A full refund for the phone is also
possible.

A statement on Samsung's website confirms that the replacement Galaxy Note 7
models have now been approved by the C.P.S.C. and will be headed to stores for
the exchange by Sept. 21.

Both the Federal Aviation Administration and the C.P.S.C. have issued warnings
advising Galaxy Note 7 owners not to use, charge or pack their phones in checked
baggage. The C.P.S.C. site has its own information about Samsung's recall and a
form to report incidents with the device.

Personal Tech invites questions about computer-based technology to
techtip@nytimes.com This column will answer questions of general interest, but
letters cannot be answered individually.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/20/technology/personaltech/what-to-do-if-you-have
-a-samsung-galaxy-note-7.html

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Question

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                             919 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                            October 24, 2016 Monday

Samsung Note 7 users can exchange smartphone in Pakistan

LENGTH: 306  words


Pakistanis possessing Samsung Galaxy Note 7 smartphone in Pakistan can now get
it exchanged or obtain a refund inside the country from Samsung.Samsung has been
struggling to contain a snowballing safety crisis as it recalls Note 7
smartphones with exploding batteries that have been catching fire.

Although Samsung did not launch the Note 7 in Pakistan, it has decided to cater
to customers who acquired the smartphones from abroad or from local vendors.In
addition to its request to customers to back up their data and switch off their
Note 7 smartphones, Samsung has given Pakistani customers the following options
to get rid of the smartphone:Get a full refundCustomers possessing a proof
purchase for their Galaxy Note 7 will be refunded the full amount mentioned on
the receipt.

In case a customer has no proof of purchase, they will be refunded a fixed
amount of $817.Exchange with S7 edgeNote 7 owners can also opt to exchange their
smartphone, with Samsung offering its flagship Galaxy S7 edge and a refund of
Rs10,000 in return.

The company has asked customers who pre-booked the phone to contact the relevant
retailers to get a refund".PR disasterThe South Korean conglomerate called a
halt to worldwide sales and exchanges of the troubled handset, as the federal US
consumer regulator issued an alarming warning of the possible dangers the device
posed to its owners, their families and homes.

The announcement came a little over a month after the world's largest smartphone
maker announced a recall of 25 million Note 7s in 10 markets following
complaints that its lithium-ion battery exploded while charging.The
unprecedented move has turned into a PR disaster for the company, which prides
itself on innovation and quality, and the situation only worsened when reports
emerged a week ago of replacement phones also catching fire.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             920 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Huddersfield Daily Examiner

                           October 15, 2016 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Samsung takes a £4.4bn hit from smartphone setback

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 177 words


SAMSUNG has warned that the total cost of pulling its Galaxy Note7 smartphones
off the market will be at least £4.4bn.

The South Korean firm said discontinuing its flagship phone would cost the
company about 3.5 trillion won (£2.5bn) during the current and next quarter.

Samsung had already cut its thirdquarter profit forecast by £1.9bn earlier this
week, an amount that could wipe out its entire mobile business profit.

On Tuesday, Samsung scrapped its flagship Galaxy Note 7 smartphone, a day after
halting sales because of concerns over consumer safety with faulty units
overheating and exploding due to a battery defect.

But Samsung has enough cash to absorb the shock from the phone recall. The
company said it expects to generate 5.2 trillion won (£3.7bn) in operating
profit during the third quarter after the recall cost.

Samsung said it will make significant changes in its quality assurance processes
to enhance product safety for consumers.

The company said it will expand sales of two other smartphones released in
spring - the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDE


                           Copyright 2016 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             921 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               New York Observer

                           August 31, 2016 Wednesday

Can Samsung's Note 7 Survive Being Frozen in Ice? A 100-Foot Drop?

BYLINE: Sage Lazzaro

LENGTH: 187 words


When a new phone is released, it isn't long before "drop test" videos start
making their way to YouTube. In these videos, people-mostly gadget
reviewers-drop the new phone to see if it survives the fall.

A new video from GizmoSlip puts Samsung's new Galaxy Note 7 through what we can
only describe as "not your average drop test." The video's creators freeze the
phone inside a block of ice (for 23 hours) and then proceed to drop it 100 feet
onto concrete. Since the phone is marketed as water resistant (which we can
confirm-we dunked it in water when ditching our iPhone to try it for a week), it
should survive the freezing. But does it? And does it survive the fall?

This isn't GizmoSlip's first drop of this caliber. The team also froze the
Galaxy S7, iPhone 6S  and iPhone SE in ice and dropped them both 100 feet onto
concrete as well. The iPhone SE survived, but the iPhone 6s and Galaxy S7 did
not. The drop of the new Note, however, turned out to be Samsung's comeback. It
survived both the freezing and the fall. It turned on and was functioning
perfectly immediately, and the glass didn't even shatter a little bit.


LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Observer, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             922 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                              June 3, 2016 Friday

LG launches world's first modular smartphone G5 with dual camera,
virtual-reality set

LENGTH: 250  words

DATELINE: Barcelona


Barcelona, June 3 -- South Korea's handset maker LG on Sunday unveiled its first
modular smartphone, the G5, in Barcelona in a bid to counter competition from
its major rival Samsung.


 The new premium model - made using different components that can be
independently upgraded or replaced - comes with a removable battery and
accessories such as virtual reality headset and a sound system developed by
Danish firm Bang & Olufsen.
 MUST READ
 Huawei's first PC MateBook unveiled; to take on Microsoft Surface, iPad Pro
 LG is banking on its G5 to counter competition from fellow South Korean
Samsung, the world's top handset maker that is due to unveil its own S7
smartphone on Sunday evening on the eve of the start of the Mobile World
Congress, the top annual trade show for wireless devices.
 The G5 will be launched at the same time on LG's main markets, CEO Juno Cho
told reporters in Barcelona, without detailing exactly where and when.
 MUST READ
 ZTE unveils value-line phones Blade V7, Blade V7 Lite; eyes 60 mln-70 mln units
in 2016
 "We think smartphones' best days are still ahead," said Juno Cho, despite
slowing growing demand that saw rival Samsung's fourth quarter net profits drop
and Apple's iPhone sales rise slower than ever in the same period.
 Meanwhile LG's parent company LG Electronics' net profit halved last year on
the back of a global economic slowdown and increased competition in the mobile
sector.
 MUST READ
 Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge launched; to hit market by mid-March

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             923 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

LG launches world's first modular smartphone G5 with dual camera,
virtual-reality set

LENGTH: 250  words

DATELINE: Barcelona


Barcelona, Feb. 23 -- South Korea's handset maker LG on Sunday unveiled its
first modular smartphone, the G5, in Barcelona in a bid to counter competition
from its major rival Samsung.


 The new premium model - made using different components that can be
independently upgraded or replaced - comes with a removable battery and
accessories such as virtual reality headset and a sound system developed by
Danish firm Bang & Olufsen.
 MUST READ
 Huawei's first PC MateBook unveiled; to take on Microsoft Surface, iPad Pro
 LG is banking on its G5 to counter competition from fellow South Korean
Samsung, the world's top handset maker that is due to unveil its own S7
smartphone on Sunday evening on the eve of the start of the Mobile World
Congress, the top annual trade show for wireless devices.
 The G5 will be launched at the same time on LG's main markets, CEO Juno Cho
told reporters in Barcelona, without detailing exactly where and when.
 MUST READ
 ZTE unveils value-line phones Blade V7, Blade V7 Lite; eyes 60 mln-70 mln units
in 2016
 "We think smartphones' best days are still ahead," said Juno Cho, despite
slowing growing demand that saw rival Samsung's fourth quarter net profits drop
and Apple's iPhone sales rise slower than ever in the same period.
 Meanwhile LG's parent company LG Electronics' net profit halved last year on
the back of a global economic slowdown and increased competition in the mobile
sector.
 MUST READ
 Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge launched; to hit market by mid-March

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             924 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            August 3, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung Galaxy Note 7: Launch details, rumours and more

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 420 words


NEW DELHI: Samsung is all set to showcase its flagship phablet Galaxy Note 7 to
the world today. The South Korean tech giant will be live streaming the Galaxy
Note Unpacked 2016 launch event from New York. The company will also be holding
parallel events at London and Rio de Janeiro.

Users also have the option to view the launch event with Gear VR. The launch is
scheduled to start at 11am EDT (8.30PM IST). The South Korean tech giant has
confirmed that it will be launching the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 phablet, successor
to Galaxy Note 5. However, there are also speculations that the tech giant might
also launch the next-gen Gear VR and the Gear S3 smartwatch . It is worth
pointing out that the Gear S2 smartwatch was launched at IFA last year.In the
invite posted by Samsung on its blog, the firm says that its upcoming Galaxy
Note 7 "will help people do more in work, at home and everywhere in between."
The company also talks about the device's stylus S Pen. "With added
functionality of the S Pen and large screen, the Galaxy Note 7 is a powerful
instrument for achievement and self-expression, and is made for those who want
to get the most from their phones - and their lives."As for the 'jump' in the
naming of the Note series, Samsung earlier said that it has ditched the Galaxy
Note 6 moniker and directly jumped to Note 7 from Note 5 because of couple of
reasons. "First, the Galaxy Note 7 will complement our Galaxy S7 and S7 edge,
and unify our product portfolio. Second, the Galaxy Note 7 will minimize
confusion about the latest mobile technology from Samsung, and provide full
alignment with Galaxy S smartphone," says the company.As per leaks circulating
around, the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is expected to run Android 7.0 Nougat
out-of-the-box along with a new Grace UX interface on top. It is likely to sport
a 5.7-inch QHD display of 1440x2560 pixel resolution. The device is also
supposed to feature an iris scanner. There are varying reports about the Galaxy
Note 7's RAM, while some reports claim that the phablet will house 6GB RAM,
others hint at 4GB RAM.Other reports suggest that the smartphone to be powered
by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor and have 32GB in-built storage with
microSD card support. Other rumoured specifications include a 12MP rear camera
with a dual-pixel setup. The phone will most likely be water resistant as
well.The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 will reportedly start at a price of 849 in
Europe, roughly translating to around Rs 63,000.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             925 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The National

                            August 25, 2016 Thursday

Peter Nowak: Enough with the curved gadget screens already

BYLINE: Peter Nowak

LENGTH: 755  words


Peter Nowak

If there's one trend in gadgets that needs to stop right now, it's curved
screens. Whether they're on phones or televisions, these convex displays -
billed as beneficial to consumers by their manufacturers - are a bad idea
through and through.

Samsung is the worst offender. The South Korean company has been touting curves
in its televisions and phones for the past few years, with its latest product -
the just-released Galaxy Note 7 smartphone - the latest.

Why Samsung does this is understandable. With phones and TVs quickly approaching
toaster-like commoditisation levels, manufacturers are facing increasing
pressure to differentiate their products. As one of the world's biggest
manufacturers of screens, Samsung has an innate advantage that it would be
foolish not to exploit. Curves are thus permeating its offerings.

It's not just Samsung, though. BlackBerry's first Android phone, the Priv, also
had them. The Nikkei Asian Review this week reported that Apple is also
considering adding a curved screen to future iPhone models. Apple, of course,
did not comment on the speculation.

Despite that, the benefits of curves for consumers are dubious.

I've had the Note 7 for a few weeks and have also used previous curved phones,
including the Priv. In each case, I've found at least three reasons why the
displays are more of a gimmicky detraction than a useful feature.

For one thing, they're harder to use than simple flat screens. It's easy to make
mistakes when typing or tapping anywhere around the curved edges, unless you
happen to have thin and pointy stylus-like fingers. (In the case of the Note 7,
that might be redundant since it comes with an actual stylus.)

Samsung's curved devices also feature a separate "edge" panel, accessible from
the edges, that houses most-used apps and contacts. But like trying to type on
the edges, the hidden panel is finicky and difficult to call up.

Curved screens are also more prone to cracking after a fall. With more
protruding glass - even if it is the strong Gorilla Glass 5 that the Note 7
boasts - there's simply more surface area that can come into contact with the
ground.

That means you'll need a good case for extra protection, which can ultimately
defeat perhaps the only real benefit of a curved screen - its slightly sexier or
novel appearance.

If you don't protect your device with a bulky case, you may experience the third
detractor sooner rather than later - a pricey repair bill. Reports estimate the
cost of a new screen for the curved Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge at a whopping US$270,
which is almost the price of decent mid-range - and non-curved - smartphone.

That cost is ultimately the real problem. Curved glass is more expensive to
produce than its flat counterpart, which inevitably jacks up the price of the
device. The Galaxy Note 7, for one, costs a staggering $850 off-contract. That's
a lot of money for a dubiously useful feature.

The usefulness of curves in televisions is even sketchier. Here, Samsung has
been joined by its competitors LG, Sony and others in trying to convince
consumers that curved displays offer better, more immersive pictures.

The manufacturers have pointed to movie screens, most of which are indeed
curved, as their inspiration. Most experts, however, agree that the much smaller
curved televisions provide no discernible benefits in terms of picture quality
or immersion. They also tend to have worse viewing angles and look rather
foolish when mounted on a wall. None of this is stopping the manufacturers, as
all of them are continuing to pump out curved 4K televisions.

Some misleading metrics may indeed be encouraging them on the phone side.
Samsung's Galaxy S7 Edge, for example, was the hottest selling Android phone in
the first half of this year, with an estimated 13.3 million units shipped,
according to the tracking firm Strategy Analytics.

The firm pointed to the S7's curved display as one of the features that caused
consumers to sit up and take notice, but that may be a stretch. The S7, like the
Note 7, is just a good all-around phone that is deserving of its hot sales.
Either device would be likely to post big numbers without any curves, and
possibly even better since they'd be cheaper for consumers.

Unfortunately, there may be no end in sight to the curved display trend - unless
of course consumers realise en masse that manufacturers aren't being entirely
straight with them.

Peter Nowak is a veteran technology writer and the author of Humans 3.0: The
Upgrading of the Species.

business@thenational.ae

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 818


                     Copyright 2016 Abu Dhabi Media Company
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             926 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Cihan News Agency (CNA)

                            April 28, 2016 Thursday

Samsung's Q1 profit posts double-digit growth on smartphone sales

LENGTH: 263  words


SEUL (C[#x130]HAN)- Samsung Electronics' first-quarter operating profit posted a
double-digit growth on the back of robust sales of Galaxy S7 smartphones,
launched earlier than forecast, the company said on Thursday.


Consolidated operating profit reached 6.68 trillion won (5.84 billion U.S.
dollars) in the January-March period, up 11.7 percent from a year earlier. From
the previous three-month period, the profit increased 8.7 percent.
It was an earnings surprise as it surpassed market expectations of about 5.2
trillion won.
Revenue rose 5.7 percent over a year earlier to 49.78 trillion won in the first
quarter, and net income surged 63 percent to 5.25 trillion won.
The operating profit margin jumped to 13.4 percent, nearing to the 15 percent
level which Samsung achieved when posting a record-breaking earnings several
years ago.
The positive first-quarter earnings came as Samsung's mobile phone business
posted the highest profit in about two years.
The smartphone unit's operating profit reached 3.89 trillion won, accounting for
nearly two-thirds of the combined profit. It was up 74 percent from the previous
quarter.
Operating profits of Samsung's smartphone division stayed in the range of 2
trillion won in the past years due to global market slowdown, falling below the
level in the third and fourth quarters of 2014.
Samsung's Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge smartphones were released earlier than forecast
in the first quarter, resulting in sales growth in the smartphone division.
Low-end smartphone lineups were simplified, also helping boost profitability.
(Cihan/Xinhua) Cihan C[#x130]HAN

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 223


                        Copyright 2016 Cihan News Agency
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             927 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                            February 28, 2011 Monday

Tablet challengers

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 637 words


WHILE the Apple iPad currently dominates the tablet market, here are some
potential iPad `killers'.

1. SAMSUNG GALAXY TAB

Samsung is the first company to rise to the iPad challenge. At just seven
inches, its Galaxy Tab is slightly smaller than the iPad. This Android-based
device has features like rear-facing 3.2-megapixel camera and a front-facing
1.3-megapixel camera, external memory and applications from the Android
marketplace. It also supports phone functionality, as speaker phone, via wired
earpieces or Bluetooth earpieces.

2. Motorola Xoom

Xoom is the first tablet in the market to be powered by Honeycomb software that
is crafted specifically for such devices by Google. It has been heralded as a
viable challenger for the iPad. With a 10.1-inch screen, the Xoom is about the
size of an iPad. It also features a front-facing 2-megapixel camera for video
chats and a rear-facing 5-megapixel camera that also captures video. The device
is expected to be available sometime this year.

3. Blackberry PlayBook

The BlackBerry PlayBook, by Research In Motion (Rim), is only 9.7mm thick and is
the first tablet with a width below 10mm. The device is expected to run on QNX
Neutrino. It has received positive reviews from technology critics including at
the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. Wait for its public appearance this
year.

4. Toshiba tablet

Toshiba will be introducing its version of tablet computer some time this year.
The 10.1-inch Android Honeycomb tablet uses a Nvidia Tegra 2 dual-core
processor, capable of doing 1,080p video. It features LED-backlit screen and
supports multi-touch and accelerometer screen reorientation. There are also dual
cameras fitted on this device - a 5-megapixel main camera and a 2-megapixel
secondary camera.

5. Lenovo IdeaPad Slate

The IdeaPad Slate features a 10.1-inch, high-resolution screen with 1,080p video
capability. Running on full Windows 7 operating system, it uses the Intel Oak
Trail 1.6GHz processor chip, has a 32GB SSD drive and a microSD slot. It will be
available in the US in May.

6. The HTC Flyer

Scheduled to be released in the second quarter of 2011, the Flyer will have a
single-core 1.5 GHz and will run Android 2.4 (Gingerbread) instead of 3.0
(Honeycomb). The device will have a seven-inch TFT display and special features
such as pen input as well as touch input. A Wi-Fi variant is expected to be
launched at a lower price soon after the 3G variant is released.

7. LG Optimus pad

LG's tablet version was showcased at the recent Mobile World Congress in
Barcelona. The device features a 8.9-inch display and is powered by Google's
Android 3.0 Honeycomb operating system and the NVIDIA Tegra 2 processor. It has
two 5-megapixel cameras on the back and is capable of taking 3D video clips.
However it only has the standard 2-D display.

8. Huawei Ideos S7

Not wanting to be left behind, China phone maker Huawei has come up with Ideos
S7 Slim. The device features a seven-inch, 800 x 480 pixel touchscreen display,
similar to Samsung Galaxy Tab and the HTC Flyer. But while Tab and Flyer use the
newer Android OS, Ideos S7 Slim uses the previous version of Android 2.2 Froyo.
Ideos S7 can be connected to 3G or Wi-Fi. It also has Bluetooth and GPS
functions.

9. CSL Spice Mi700 DroidPad

Local phonemaker CSL's Spice Mi700 DroidPad has been available since October.
Running on Android 2.2 Froyo with a Qualcomm 600MHz processor, it incorporates
applications such as Azan, Qiblat and MapKing GPS navigator. Also doubles as a
phone with 3G quadband connectivity.

10. Dell Streak 7

Dell's second tablet features a WVGA touchscreen with a 1.3-megapixel camera for
video chat. Running on Android 2.2 Froyo with a dual-core NVIDIA Tegra 2
processor, the tablet is also said to support 4G network. There is also an
external SD card slot for up to 32GB extra space.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2011 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                             928 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday
                             Print & First Editions

Forget the lapses, iPhone 7 puts Apple in the picture;
Digital life

BYLINE: John Davidson

SECTION: COMPUTERS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 816 words


How do I put this?

If you're a loser who listens to music or watches YouTube all day, think twice
before buying an iPhone 7.

No, that didn't come out right.

If you're a stellar individual who enjoys listening to music or watching videos
on your phone, and you just happen to have a bad habit of forgetting where you
have left things, then you might need to adopt a strategic approach to owning
the latest phone from Apple. That's better.

I can misplace things in the blink of an eye. Standing at my front door, I once
lost my keys somewhere between the act of getting them out of my pocket and the
act of unlocking the door.

So when I say that I've been using the new iPhone 7 for only three days now, and
I've already misplaced its little headphone dongle two or three times, you have
to keep in mind my absent-mindedness, and you have to ask yourself, am I a loser
like this guy?

Because if you are, you just know the iPhone 7 is going to be a pain in the ass.

You've probably read about Apple's controversial decision to remove the
headphone jack from the iPhone and the iPhone 7 Plus. I actually don't think
it's a terrible idea.

In the box you get a new pair of headphones, that plug into the iPhone's
Lightning port, and you get a little dongle that converts conventional
headphones into Lightning port headphones.

That's as much as anyone ever does to ease the transition between one technology
and the next.

Samsung, in moving its Note7 to the new USB-C connector, supplied customers with
a USB-C cable, and with a little dongle for converting old USB cables to USB-C.
I have also lost that dongle, and the Note7 is now a pain in my ass, too.

If only Apple had shipped the iPhone 7 with, say, five dongles, or even 10 of
the little suckers, none of this would matter, and we could focus our attention
on the fact that, with its latest phone, Apple has finally closed the gap on its
main rivals. Mostly.

The camera on the iPhone 7 is much improved, to the point where it's so close to
the camera on the Samsung Galaxy S7 as to make almost no difference. (More on
that presently.)

The addition of water resistance, which in our tests has worked as advertised,
adds a welcome peace of mind to owning such an expensive phone, not so much
because it means you can now take the iPhone swimming or sailing (anyone doing
that with previous iPhones would have just got a waterproof case anyway), but
more because it means you can now keep using it when you visit the bathroom and
not have to worry about dropping it into the toilet.

And for those of you who don't use headphones or who have lost the headphone
dongle, the addition of stereo sound to the iPhone 7 is a decent improvement,
too.

When you have the new model in landscape mode to watch videos or play games, it
now uses the earpiece for the left audio channel and the phone's main speaker
for the right audio channel, eliminating the sense that you get with older
iPhones that the sound is coming out of the wrong spot.

The sound is still not as big as you can get, say, from an HTC phone - but it's
noticeable. Or, at the very least, it does away with a noticeable flaw.

The home button on the iPhone 7 is no longer a mechanical button that you
actually depress, but it's now a fixed, electronic button that simulates being
pressed by vibrating in a special way that fools your brain into thinking the
button has moved down and up.

Or, at least, that's the way the technology works on other devices Apple has
used it on, such as the 12-inch MacBook.

On the iPhone, the technique is far less convincing. You don't feel that the
home button is depressing so much as the whole screen is depressing.

It feels a lot like BlackBerry's attempt to simulate button presses in its
ill-conceived Storm phone from 2008.

Maybe some compelling app will emerge that will make us all want vibrating home
buttons, but for now it seems like something you can only hope to get used to,
for no tangible benefit.

What is worth upgrading for, though, is the camera.

It's chalk-and-cheese better than the camera on the iPhone 6s, particularly in
low light, to the point where the difference between it and the best camera on
the market, the one Samsung uses in the Note7 and the Galaxy S7, now comes down
to a question of taste.

The Samsung camera is still a touch brighter and sharper in low light, and in
normal light it's still a good deal sharper than the new camera on the iPhone 7,
but that extra brightness and sharpness come at a slight loss of naturalism.
Images from the Galaxy look a touch more processed than images from the iPhone.

When it was briefing me on the iPhone 7, Apple asked me which phone I would
carry with me on a holiday. I said the Galaxy S7, only because its camera was so
much better than anything else on the market.

Now it's hard to say which one I would grab. It could be the Galaxy S7. It could
be the iPhone 7.

Or it could be none. I'm that forgetful.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             929 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Forget the lapses, iPhone 7 puts Apple in the picture

SECTION: COMPUTERS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 816 words


How do I put this?

If you're a loser who listens to music or watches YouTube all day, think twice
before buying an iPhone 7.

No, that didn't come out right.

If you're a stellar individual who enjoys listening to music or watching videos
on your phone, and you just happen to have a bad habit of forgetting where you
have left things, then you might need to adopt a strategic approach to owning
the latest phone from Apple. That's better.

I can misplace things in the blink of an eye. Standing at my front door, I once
lost my keys somewhere between the act of getting them out of my pocket and the
act of unlocking the door.

So when I say that I've been using the new iPhone 7 for only three days now, and
I've already misplaced its little headphone dongle two or three times, you have
to keep in mind my absent-mindedness, and you have to ask yourself, am I a loser
like this guy?

Because if you are, you just know the iPhone 7 is going to be a pain in the ass.

You've probably read about Apple's controversial decision to remove the
headphone jack from the iPhone and the iPhone 7 Plus. I actually don't think
it's a terrible idea.

In the box you get a new pair of headphones, that plug into the iPhone's
Lightning port, and you get a little dongle that converts conventional
headphones into Lightning port headphones.

That's as much as anyone ever does to ease the transition between one technology
and the next.

Samsung, in moving its Note7 to the new USB-C connector, supplied customers with
a USB-C cable, and with a little dongle for converting old USB cables to USB-C.
I have also lost that dongle, and the Note7 is now a pain in my ass, too.

If only Apple had shipped the iPhone 7 with, say, five dongles, or even 10 of
the little suckers, none of this would matter, and we could focus our attention
on the fact that, with its latest phone, Apple has finally closed the gap on its
main rivals. Mostly.

The camera on the iPhone 7 is much improved, to the point where it's so close to
the camera on the Samsung Galaxy S7 as to make almost no difference. (More on
that presently.)

The addition of water resistance, which in our tests has worked as advertised,
adds a welcome peace of mind to owning such an expensive phone, not so much
because it means you can now take the iPhone swimming or sailing (anyone doing
that with previous iPhones would have just got a waterproof case anyway), but
more because it means you can now keep using it when you visit the bathroom and
not have to worry about dropping it into the toilet.

And for those of you who don't use headphones or who have lost the headphone
dongle, the addition of stereo sound to the iPhone 7 is a decent improvement,
too.

When you have the new model in landscape mode to watch videos or play games, it
now uses the earpiece for the left audio channel and the phone's main speaker
for the right audio channel, eliminating the sense that you get with older
iPhones that the sound is coming out of the wrong spot.

The sound is still not as big as you can get, say, from an HTC phone - but it's
noticeable. Or, at the very least, it does away with a noticeable flaw.

The home button on the iPhone 7 is no longer a mechanical button that you
actually depress, but it's now a fixed, electronic button that simulates being
pressed by vibrating in a special way that fools your brain into thinking the
button has moved down and up.

Or, at least, that's the way the technology works on other devices Apple has
used it on, such as the 12-inch MacBook.

On the iPhone, the technique is far less convincing. You don't feel that the
home button is depressing so much as the whole screen is depressing.

It feels a lot like BlackBerry's attempt to simulate button presses in its
ill-conceived Storm phone from 2008.

Maybe some compelling app will emerge that will make us all want vibrating home
buttons, but for now it seems like something you can only hope to get used to,
for no tangible benefit.

What is worth upgrading for, though, is the camera.

It's chalk-and-cheese better than the camera on the iPhone 6s, particularly in
low light, to the point where the difference between it and the best camera on
the market, the one Samsung uses in the Note7 and the Galaxy S7, now comes down
to a question of taste.

The Samsung camera is still a touch brighter and sharper in low light, and in
normal light it's still a good deal sharper than the new camera on the iPhone 7,
but that extra brightness and sharpness come at a slight loss of naturalism.
Images from the Galaxy look a touch more processed than images from the iPhone.

When it was briefing me on the iPhone 7, Apple asked me which phone I would
carry with me on a holiday. I said the Galaxy S7, only because its camera was so
much better than anything else on the market.

Now it's hard to say which one I would grab. It could be the Galaxy S7. It could
be the iPhone 7.

Or it could be none. I'm that forgetful.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The iPhone7 has a hugely improved camera.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             930 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            February 26, 2016 Friday

Samsung begins mass production of 256GB UFS chips for high-end Mobile devices

BYLINE: DNA WEB TEAM

LENGTH: 204  words


Samsung Electronics announced that they will begin mass production of the first
256GB Universal Flash Storage (UFS) 2.0 standard for their high-end mobile
products. The new chips will use two lines to transfer data at a scorching 850MB
per second and consume 50% less power.

The recently released Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge have not been fitted with the
new technology so the chips are most likely headed for the next generation of
Samsung devices.

The UFS drives are approximately twice as fast as SATA-based Solid-State Drives
(SSD) found in PCs and are capable of sequential writing of up to 260MB/s which
is approximately two to three times faster than high-performance micro SD cards.

What this all means is that it can transfer a 5GB files in about 12 seconds!

Joo Sun Choi, Executive Vice President, Memory Sales and Marketing of Samsung
Electronics said, "By providing high-density UFS memory that is nearly twice as
fast as a SATA SSD for PCs, we will contribute to a paradigm shift within the
mobile data storage market. We are determined to push the competitive edge in
premium storage line-ups - OEM NVMe SSDs, external SSDs, and UFS - by moving
aggressively to enhance performance and capacity in all three markets.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             931 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                            March 24, 2016 Thursday

Samsung's S7 Edge is more refined and sophisticated

LENGTH: 1448 words


The 5.5-inch dual-edge device is the best smartphone money can buy right now

Image Credit: Supplied

Tarek Sabbagh, Head of IT and Mobile Division at Samsung Gulf Electronics of S7
and S7 edge during the launcheImage Credit: Atiq ur Rehman/Gulf News  Naushad K
Cherrayil, Staff Reporter

Dubai

Samsung has come out with a beautiful smartphone as promised -- Galaxy S7 Edge
-- and it has slight improvements that are a whole lot better over its
predecessor -- S6 Edge.

In 2014, S5 suffered performance issues and software bloat but had slight
improvements in S6 but its battery drained heavily.

While there is no phone which is 100 per cent perfect but Samsung's S7 is close
to perfection so far this year but there are devices which are to be launched in
the next couple of months -- LG G5, Sony X Performance, HTC M10 and Apple iPhone
7.

At first glance, the S7 Edge design looks similar to its predecessor with its
glass-backed casing rimmed by metal but it has managed to sneak in a few
improvements on the design, like the curved glass at rear, similar to Note 5,
which makes it easier to hold in the hand.

First, the back camera bump barely protrudes as the device has become thicker
due to the bigger battery inside.

The S7 Edge's display has gone bigger to 5.5-inches compared to last year's
5.1-inch display on S6 Edge but has the same resolution, Quad HD (2560 x 1440)
and Super AMOLED (active-matrix organic light-emitting diode).

It is powered by 2.3GHz octa-core home-grown Exynos 8890 processor with 4GB of
RAM and 32GB of internal storage capacity.

Related Links

Will S7 models help boost Samsung sales volume?
Zuckerberg steals the show at Samsung launch

The welcome addition by Samsung is the microSD card slot in the SIM card tray
(hybrid style) which supports up to 200GB and is now dust and water resistant,
the only missing is the removable battery. It runs on latest Android 6.0.1
Marshmallow operating system. It weighs 157 grams.

Marshmallow also brings with it a new permission-handling method -- permissions
are granted on an app-by-app basis which provides an extra level of control to
the user.

Samsung's user interface -- TouchWiz -- on top of Android OS was a pain, as it
customises heavily and loads unwanted software, which slows down the device and
the performance. But Samsung has reduced its bloatware and customisation on S7,
which is welcoming. Most of the needless animations and gimmicky interface are
gone.

Pre-installed apps include Samsung's own suite (Galaxy Apps, S Health, S Voice,
Email, My Files, Voice Recorder, Samsung Gear and internet) plus Microsoft apps
(Word, Excel, PowerPoint, OneDrive, OneNote and Skype). It's worth noting that
you can't uninstall any of them but many can be disabled instead.

Despite the size, S7 Edge is easier to hold and manage with a single hand when
compared to the same-sized iPhone 6S Plus.

Last year's S6 Edge's edge has no real use, apart from the feature to store five
phone numbers but this year's model has some real benefits that make it a much
more compelling device.

Users can create nine panels like main apps, task edge and phone numbers, and
user-defined screens like Yahoo news or CNN news.

There are 12 edge panels on the Samsung App Store for free and 10 more paid
panels that can be downloaded. The wider interface means you can have two
columns of apps or shortcuts.

The Always-on display is helpful for people to see the notification icons,
battery life and time without turning the device on, thus saving battery life.
This is nothing new, Nokia and Motorola smartphones had a similar feature for
years.

If you expect to view Gmail, Facebook alert icons, WhatsApp, third-party email
or other messages using the always-on display feature, you're going to be
disappointed. It can be turned off also for people who get distracted by the
movement of the screen. It's nice to have and didn't noticeably deplete battery
life, but is hardly essential. For me, it was a gimmicky feature with no real
use.

Overall performance on the S7 is fast. Apps open quickly, and multitasking by
switching between open apps is smooth.

Samsung's My Knox service is installed, a software suite by Samsung to create a
secure environment for private data and apps.

The camera is where S7 excels over iPhone, which is considered so far as the
best in the market.

Samsung has 12MP Dual Pixel Sensor featuring optical image stabilisation and an
aperture of f/1.7. Samsung actually toned down the resolution of the camera
sensor from last year's 16MP sensor on S6.

There are many mid-range devices in the market which can take excellent snaps in
bright daylight but suffers in lowlight conditions.

The Dual Pixel Sensor technology, used in DSLR cameras, is used for the first
time on a smartphone. What it does is that it uses all the pixels to focus on an
object quickly and accurately while capturing more light, overall improving
lowlight photography, similar to the human eye.

Focusing with the S7 camera is very fast, especially for shooting something as
quickly as possible. It is faster than the current iPhones.

The bigger 1.4um pixel size and very wide f/1.7 aperture make for excellent
lowlight conditions as the wide aperture lets in a lot of light.

S7 delivers 25 per cent more light to the sensor than last year's S6. More light
means faster shutter speeds and sharper pictures with less noise, which leads to
more detailed photos.

Samsung's default camera app doesn't have manual aperture control and you need
to install third-party camera app.

The snaps taken, even in lowlight, are crisper and detailed. You can shoot in
RAW for 'proper' photos that you can manipulate later, and the 'Pro' mode has a
decent amount of options, so you can choose what the picture will look like in
terms of focal length and tone.

Samsung has added 'Motion photo' to capture a very short video before taking a
photo, similar to Live Photo on iPhone.

The 5MP selfie camera with f/1.7 aperture is slightly disappointing in lowlight
conditions. It produces very soft images that lack fine detail and tone, even
without the various beauty modes on. In front camera mode, iPhone 6S excels.

The S7 shots had better focus while the iPhone pictures looked more natural.

The S7 Edge now has a very similar 'screen flash' method of illuminating faces
in the front-facing camera to the iPhone.

The S7 can shoot videos at 4K (2160p) resolution at 30 frames per second (fps).
It can record slow motion at 240fps at 720p, shoot HDR video and simultaneously
record 4K video while capturing 9MP still images.

There are a bunch of different camera modes to choose from. There's also
Selective focus, Video Collage, Live broadcast, Hyperlapse, Food and Virtual
shot to name most of them, plus you can download more.

Regarding connectivity, it has 4G LTE CAT 9 (download speeds of up to 450 Mbps
and upload speeds of up to 50 Mbps), dual-band 11ac WiFi, Bluetooth 4.2 LE, USB
2.0, GPS and NFC.

Samsung has opted to stick with the tried-and-tested micro USB 2.0 for
charging/data transfer purposes, instead of the USB Type-C port.

Its next-generation Vulkan API is excellent for gaming and Samsung has launched
a 'Game Tools" to provide a button that floats over the top of the game screen
which helps mute and hide alerts, save power during gameplay (locking frame rate
at 30 frames per second) to enable distraction-free enjoyment and screen capture
gameplay recording, but lacks an option for live streaming. All the games are
stored in one place -- Game Launcher -- and users can record the game, take
screenshots and share them with friends. Playing Rayman Adventures, Relic Run,
Marvel: Contest of Champions, was a breeze with no lags.

The 3,600 mAh battery compared to 2,600mAh on S6 Edge gave 18 hours of video
playback and close to 23 hours on 3G network coupled with calls, camera and web
browsing. It's likely you'll need to charge it every night depending on the
usage for heavy users but for moderate users, it lasts close to two days.

Overall, the battery life is excellent and with the newly-introduced Doze mode
by Marshmallow, it is much better. Samsung has the usual ultra-mode saving
features to extend battery life. You'll also find wireless charging at the rear
of the phone.

The device is priced at Dh2,799 and Samsung has launched "Galaxy Entertainer"
app in partnership with the Entertainer by offering more than 1,000 'buy one get
one free' offers across the globe with over Dh390,000 worth of savings plus a
128GB microSD card free with every purchase.

Pros

o [#xf020]Beautiful display

o [#xf020]Fast performance

o [#xf020]Excellent camera

o [#xf020]Good battery life

o [#xf020]MicroSD slot and waterproof

Cons

o [#xf020]Fingerprint magnet

o [#xf020]TouchWiz needs fine tuning

o [#xf020]Mono speaker

o [#xf020]No infrared blaster

o [#xf020]No USB Type-C port

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2016 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             932 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Solihull News

                                October 21, 2016
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Galaxy Note7 to cost Samsung at least £4.4bn

BYLINE: RAVENDER SEMBY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 270 words


SAMSUNG has warned that the total cost of pulling its Galaxy Note7 smartphones
off the market will be at least £4.4 billion.

The South Korean firm said this week that the discontinuation of its flagship
phone would cost the company about 3.5 trillion won (£2.5 billion) during the
current and forthcoming quarter.

Samsung had already cut its third-quarter profit forecast by £1.9 billion
earlier this week, an amount that could wipe out its entire mobile business
profit.

Last week, Samsung scrapped its flagship Galaxy Note7 smartphone, a day after
halting sales because of concerns over consumer safety, with faulty units
overheating and exploding due to a battery defect.

Last week Ireland's aviation chiefs urged plane passengers not to use the Galaxy
Note 7 smartphones on flights.

In a safety message travellers and holidaymakers were also warned not to leave
the fire-risk phones switched on while in the air or to stow them in checked-in
luggage.

"The Irish Aviation Authority strongly advises passengers to power down and
refrain from charging these devices on board aircraft," it said.

But Samsung has enough cash to absorb the shock from the phone recall. The
company said it expects to generate 5.2 trillion won (£3.7 billion) in operating
profit during the third quarter after the recall cost.

Samsung added that it will make significant changes in its quality assurance
processes to enhance product safety for consumers.

The company said it will expand sales of two other smartphones released in
spring - the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge - quashing rumours that it may try to
release updated versions of those devices.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SON


                           Copyright 2016 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             933 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           October 15, 2016 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Samsung Warns of Huge Loss From Recall of Galaxy Phone

BYLINE: By CHOE SANG-HUN

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 262 words


SEOUL, South Korea -- Samsung Electronics said on Friday that it expected about
$3 billion in operating profits to evaporate over the next two quarters because
of its decision to ditch the troubled Galaxy Note 7 smartphone.

Authorities in the United States announced a ban on Galaxy Note 7s aboard
airplanes, citing the risk of fire. Previously the Federal Aviation
Administration had urged passengers to turn off and not charge the phones aboard
planes.

Samsung said in a news release that the reduction in profits tied to that
decision was expected to be in the mid-2 trillion won range in the
October-December period and about 1 trillion won, or $900 million, for the first
quarter of next year.

Since its decision to recall millions of Note 7 devices and end production of
the model, Samsung has been readjusting profit estimates. On Wednesday, it
revised its previously estimated profit of 7.8 trillion won for the third
quarter, cutting it to 5.2 trillion won.

With the Note 7, Samsung had hoped to compete with Apple's iPhones in the
high-end smartphone market. But after some of the Note 7s were reported to heat
rapidly and catch fire, it faced one of the biggest and most costly product
recalls in the technology industry.

''Moving forward, Samsung Electronics plans to normalize its mobile business by
expanding sales of flagship models such as the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge,''
the company said in a statement. ''Additionally, the company will focus on
enhancing product safety for consumers by making significant changes in its
quality assurance processes.''




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/15/business/international/samsung-profit-
galaxy-note-7.html

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                             934 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                              June 3, 2016 Friday

Huawei's first PC MateBook unveiled; to take on Microsoft Surface, iPad Pro

LENGTH: 316  words

DATELINE: Barcelona


Barcelona, June 3 -- Chinese electronics giant Huawei on Sunday unveiled its
first personal computer, a convertible tablet aimed at the premium business
market that will compete with Apple's iPad Pro and the Microsoft Surface.


 MUST READ
 Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge launched; to hit market by mid-March
 The thin MateBook has a 12-inch pixel display, weighs just 640 grammes without
the keyboard although it looks heavier, and has a battery life of ten hours
under standard use.
 "Business people need a long lasting battery," said Richard Yu, Huawei's
consumer devices chief, as he unveiled the new device in Barcelona on the eve of
the start of the Mobile World Congress, the top annual trade show for wireless
devices.
 The tablet fastens to its keyboard case using magnets and it features a
fingerprint reader.
 The entry-level model with 128 GB storage starts at 799 euros (USD 890) in
Europe with the top model coming in at 1,799 euros.
 Yu said last month that Huawei hoped to overtake US rival Apple and Korea's
Samsung to become the world's leading maker of smartphones in "three or four
years."
 MUST READ
 ZTE unveils value-line phones Blade V7, Blade V7 Lite; eyes 60 mln-70 mln units
in 2016
 It is seeking to shed its budget supplier image to target higher-margin premium
models.
 The firm became the first Chinese handset vendor to sell more than 100 million
smartphones in a year in 2015, as it defied a market slowdown thanks to strong
sales domestically and in Western Europe.
 MUST READ
 LG launches world's first modular smartphone G5 with dual camera,
virtual-reality set
 Huawei, founded by former Chinese army engineer Ren Zhengfei, boosted its
global smartphone market share to 7.7 per cent in the third quarter behind
Samsung and Apple, according to research firm Gartner.
 It launched its first Android device in 2009 to complement its main business of
making networking equipment.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             935 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             August 5, 2016 Friday

Samsung sees Galaxy Note 7 sales surpassing that of last year's Note 5

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 382 words


SEOUL: South Korean tech giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd expects sales for its
new Galaxy Note 7 smartphone to exceed those of the previous version launched
last year, the head of the company's mobile business said.A Samsung spokesman
confirmed remarks made by Koh Dong-jin, head of the firm's mobile communications
business, during a press conference with South Korean reporters in New York on
Wednesday following the firm's unveiling of the new phone.Koh, however, did not
offer specific sales targets.The company launched its much-speculated phablet
flagship Galaxy Note 7 earlier this week at an event in New York. Samsung Galaxy
Note 7 runs Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow out-of-the-box. The phone sports a
5.7-inch Quad-HD dual-edge SuperAmoled display of 1440x2560 pixel resolution
protected by Corning Gorilla Glass 5. The Note 7 includes both an iris scanner
and a fingerprint sensor.

Based on different markets, the device will come with an octa-core Exynos 8890
processor or the quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor, both clubbed with
4GB RAM.Samsung Galaxy Note 7 houses 64GB of in-built storage which can be
further expanded by microSD cards of up to 256GB capacity. Users will also
receive 15GB of free cloud storage on Samsung Cloud. For imaging duties, the
premium phablet has a 12MP Dual Pixel rear-camera with Optical Image
Stabilization, along with a 5MP front-facing shooter.The device comes with
almost every possible connectivity feature, including 4G LTE, NFC, Wi-Fi,
Bluetooth, GPS and USB Type-C. There's also a whole array of sensors on-board,
including barometer, gyro sensor, geomagnetic sensor, hall sensor, proximity
sensor and RGB light sensor. Backed by a 3,500mAh battery, Samsung Galaxy Note 7
also sports fast-charging technology. It weighs 169 gram and measures
153.5mmx73.9mmx7.9mm in dimensions.The company also unveiled companion VR
headset for the phablet, named Gear VR for Note 7. In addition, the Gear Fit 2
fitness tracker and Gear Icon X wireless earbuds were also launched.Besides
Galaxy Note 7 support, the Oculus-based Gear VR also has features like a USB
Type-C port, as well as a Micro USB port for connecting it to the Galaxy S7,
Galaxy S7 Edge, Galaxy Note 5, Galaxy S6 Edge+, Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             936 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                              July 4, 2016 Monday

Here come the virtual reality Olympics for Samsung users

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 386 words


NEW YORK * Athletes in Rio will compete to be the fastest sprinter and highest
jumper at the Olympics this August. But there's another test underway as well:
How well can virtual reality capture sporting events?

NBC says it will provide 85 hours of virtual reality programming during the Rio
Olympics in August - though only to users of Samsung Galaxy smartphones and the
Samsung Gear VR headset. It's the first time Olympics programming will be
available in VR.

Virtual reality coverage of sports, essentially 360 video, has been growing
since VR headsets such as the Samsung Gear and Oculus Rift became widely
available earlier this year. Sports broadcasters are betting that virtual
reality will be the next big game-changing way to watch sports. But right now,
the audience is limited to those that have smartphones and VR headsets, which
can be pricey.

Still, coverage is growing. In May, NBC broadcast the Kentucky Derby in 360
video. The NBA has broadcast some of its games in virtual reality, and Fox
Sports broadcast VR streams from the U.S. Open at Oakmont in June.

Gary Zenkel, President, NBC Olympics, said Rio will be a showcase for the
"cutting-edge" technology.

The Olympics video, which will be presented on delay during the games, will
include opening and closing ceremonies, men's basketball, gymnastics, and
track-and-field events. Other virtualized sports will include beach volleyball,
diving, boxing and fencing. NBC will also release VR highlight packages of those
sports.

The VR video itself will be captured by Olympic Broadcasting Services, a unit of
the International Olympic Committee that provides video feeds to international
broadcasters. Viewers will need Samsung devices and the NBC Sports app. Samsung
is the official smartphone sponsor of the 2016 Olympics in Rio. Compatible
phones include the Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge, Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 Edge,
Galaxy S6 Edge+ and Galaxy Note 5 phones.

Other Olympics sponsors have been jumping on the virtual reality bandwagon too.
Kellogg's, which sponsors Team USA, shot Olympics contender Tom Shields in 360
video as he practiced underwater for a marketing effort that appeared online and
at an event in New York.

The Olympics will take place in Rio de Janeiro, Argentina, from Aug. 5 to 21.
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Times &; Transcript (Moncton)

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             937 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                              July 3, 2016 Sunday

NBC to offer VR Olympics content to Samsung users

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 377 words


NEW YORK - Athletes in Rio will compete to be the fastest sprinter and highest
jumper at the Olympics next month. But there's another test underway as well:
How well can virtual reality capture sporting events?

NBC says it will provide 85 hours of virtual reality programming during the Rio
Olympics in August - though only to users of Samsung Galaxy smartphones and the
Samsung Gear VR headset. It's the first time Olympics programming will be
available in VR.

Virtual reality coverage of sports, essentially 360 video, has been growing
since VR headsets such as the Samsung Gear and Oculus Rift became widely
available earlier this year. Sports broadcasters are betting that virtual
reality will be the next big game-changing way to watch sports. But right now,
the audience is limited to those that have smartphones and VR headsets, which
can be pricey.

Still, coverage is growing. In May, NBC broadcast the Kentucky Derby in 360
video. The NBA has broadcast some of its games in virtual reality, and Fox
Sports broadcast VR streams from the U.S. Open at Oakmont in June.

Gary Zenkel, president of NBC Olympics, said Rio will be a showcase for the
"cutting-edge" technology.

The Olympics video, which will be presented on delay during the Games, will
include opening and closing ceremonies, men's basketball, gymnastics, and
track-and-field events. Other virtualized sports will include beach volleyball,
diving, boxing and fencing. NBC will also release VR highlight packages of those
sports.

The VR video itself will be captured by Olympic Broadcasting Services, a unit of
the International Olympic Committee that provides video feeds to international
broadcasters. Viewers will need Samsung devices and the NBC Sports app. Samsung
is the official smartphone sponsor of the 2016 Olympics in Rio. Compatible
phones include the Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge, Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 Edge,
Galaxy S6 Edge+ and Galaxy Note 5 phones.

Other Olympics sponsors have been jumping on the virtual reality bandwagon too.
Kellogg's, which sponsors Team USA, shot Olympics contender Tom Shields in 360
video as he practised underwater for a marketing effort that appeared online and
at an event in New York.

The Olympics will take place in Rio de Janeiro, Argentina on Aug. 5 to 21.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             938 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                New Delhi Times

                             July 2, 2016 Saturday

Here come the virtual reality Olympics . for Samsung users

LENGTH: 421  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, July 2 -- Athletes in Rio will compete to be the fastest sprinter and
highest jumper at the Olympics this August. But there's another test underway as
well: How well can virtual reality capture sporting events?

NBC says it will provide 85 hours of virtual reality programming during the Rio
Olympics in August - though only to users of Samsung Galaxy smartphones and the
Samsung Gear VR headset. It's the first time Olympics programming will be
available in VR.

Virtual reality coverage of sports, essentially 360 video, has been growing
since VR headsets such as the Samsung Gear and Oculus Rift became widely
available earlier this year. Sports broadcasters are betting that virtual
reality will be the next big game-changing way to watch sports. But right now,
the audience is limited to those that have smartphones and VR headsets, which
can be pricey.

Still, coverage is growing. In May, NBC broadcast the Kentucky Derby in 360
video. The NBA has broadcast some of its games in virtual reality, and Fox
Sports broadcast VR streams from the U.S. Open at Oakmont in June.

Gary Zenkel, President, NBC Olympics, said Rio will be a showcase for the
"cutting-edge" technology.

The Olympics video, which will be presented on delay during the games, will
include opening and closing ceremonies, men's basketball, gymnastics, and
track-and-field events. Other virtualized sports will include beach volleyball,
diving, boxing and fencing. NBC will also release VR highlight packages of those
sports.

The VR video itself will be captured by Olympic Broadcasting Services, a unit of
the International Olympic Committee that provides video feeds to international
broadcasters. Viewers will need Samsung devices and the NBC Sports app. Samsung
is the official smartphone sponsor of the 2016 Olympics in Rio. Compatible
phones include the Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge, Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 Edge,
Galaxy S6 Edge+ and Galaxy Note 5 phones.

Other Olympics sponsors have been jumping on the virtual reality bandwagon too.
Kellogg's, which sponsors Team USA, shot Olympics contender Tom Shields in 360
video as he practiced underwater for a marketing effort that appeared online and
at an event in New York. The Olympics will take place in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil,
on Aug. 5 to 21.

Credit : Associated Press (AP) | Photo Credit : (AP)

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Delhi Times. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 New Delhi Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             939 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                             July 2, 2016 Saturday

Here come the virtual reality Olympics for Samsung users

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 386 words


NEW YORK * Athletes in Rio will compete to be the fastest sprinter and highest
jumper at the Olympics this August. But there's another test underway as well:
How well can virtual reality capture sporting events?

NBC says it will provide 85 hours of virtual reality programming during the Rio
Olympics in August - though only to users of Samsung Galaxy smartphones and the
Samsung Gear VR headset. It's the first time Olympics programming will be
available in VR.

Virtual reality coverage of sports, essentially 360 video, has been growing
since VR headsets such as the Samsung Gear and Oculus Rift became widely
available earlier this year. Sports broadcasters are betting that virtual
reality will be the next big game-changing way to watch sports. But right now,
the audience is limited to those that have smartphones and VR headsets, which
can be pricey.

Still, coverage is growing. In May, NBC broadcast the Kentucky Derby in 360
video. The NBA has broadcast some of its games in virtual reality, and Fox
Sports broadcast VR streams from the U.S. Open at Oakmont in June.

Gary Zenkel, President, NBC Olympics, said Rio will be a showcase for the
"cutting-edge" technology.

The Olympics video, which will be presented on delay during the games, will
include opening and closing ceremonies, men's basketball, gymnastics, and
track-and-field events. Other virtualized sports will include beach volleyball,
diving, boxing and fencing. NBC will also release VR highlight packages of those
sports.

The VR video itself will be captured by Olympic Broadcasting Services, a unit of
the International Olympic Committee that provides video feeds to international
broadcasters. Viewers will need Samsung devices and the NBC Sports app. Samsung
is the official smartphone sponsor of the 2016 Olympics in Rio. Compatible
phones include the Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge, Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 Edge,
Galaxy S6 Edge+ and Galaxy Note 5 phones.

Other Olympics sponsors have been jumping on the virtual reality bandwagon too.
Kellogg's, which sponsors Team USA, shot Olympics contender Tom Shields in 360
video as he practiced underwater for a marketing effort that appeared online and
at an event in New York.

The Olympics will take place in Rio de Janeiro, Argentina, from Aug. 5 to 21.
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Telegraph Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             940 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                              July 1, 2016 Friday

Here come the virtual reality Olympics for Samsung users

SECTION: CLASSIFIEDS; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 342 words


NEW YORK * Athletes in Rio will compete to be the fastest sprinter and highest
jumper at the Olympics this August. But there's another test underway as well:
How well can virtual reality capture sporting events?

NBC says it will provide 85 hours of virtual reality programming during the Rio
Olympics in August - though only to users of Samsung Galaxy smartphones and the
Samsung Gear VR headset. It's the first time Olympics programming will be
available in VR.

Virtual reality coverage of sports, essentially 360 video, has been growing
since VR headsets such as the Samsung Gear and Oculus Rift became widely
available earlier this year. Sports broadcasters are betting that virtual
reality will be the next big game-changing way to watch sports. But right now,
the audience is limited to those that have smartphones and VR headsets, which
can be pricey.

Still, coverage is growing. In May, NBC broadcast the Kentucky Derby in 360
video. The NBA has broadcast some of its games in virtual reality, and Fox
Sports broadcast VR streams from the U.S. Open at Oakmont in June.

Gary Zenkel, President, NBC Olympics, said Rio will be a showcase for the
"cutting-edge" technology.

The Olympics video, which will be presented on delay during the games, will
include opening and closing ceremonies, men's basketball, gymnastics, and
track-and-field events. Other virtualized sports will include beach volleyball,
diving, boxing and fencing. NBC will also release VR highlight packages of those
sports.

The VR video itself will be captured by Olympic Broadcasting Services, a unit of
the International Olympic Committee that provides video feeds to international
broadcasters. Viewers will need Samsung devices and the NBC Sports app. Samsung
is the official smartphone sponsor of the 2016 Olympics in Rio. Compatible
phones include the Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge, Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 Edge,
Galaxy S6 Edge+ and Galaxy Note 5 phones.

The Olympics will take place in Rio de Janeiro, Argentina, from Aug. 5 to 21.
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 The Daily Gleaner (Fredericton)

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Daily Gleaner
                              All Rights Reserved


                             941 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            February 12, 2016 Friday

Galaxy Note 6 could feature 6GB of RAM and a bunch of other hardware upgrades

LENGTH: 453  words


By tbreak Staff -

Galaxy Note 6 is going to be the latest and greatest smartphone from Samsung's
Note lineup and naturally, its hardware will eclipse that present inside Galaxy
S7; the smartphone which is expected to be released during MWC 2016. Galaxy Note
5 was a remarkable handset in terms of physical specifications and software and
soon, Galaxy Note 6 is going to take its place. According to the hardware
specifications listed on the Chinese website Weibo, the upcoming phablet is
going to feature 6GB of RAM, which will be running at LPDDR4 speeds, and is the
bandwidth running inside the 'soon to be announced' Galaxy S7.

It is possible that Samsung slightly increases the screen of its upcoming
phablet because the source suggests that the screen size will be 5.8 inches.
Samsung will obviously be using the same Super AMOLED display that it has been
using for its mobile devices for such a long, and this one is not going to be an
exception. There is no mention of a microSD card slot, indicating that the
company might not implement such a feature, which is a terrible idea. Instead,
it states that the storage will be divided into two models; one 64GB and one
128GB model. While most several consumers can actually work with 64GB of
internal storage, there are some who love to carry around their entire media
collection inside the device, so for a an expandable storage feature to not be
present is a severe let-down.

The resolution is going to remain the same; 2560 x 1440 pixels. This is a great
approach, since increasing the number of pixels will obviously be detrimental
for the battery life. There is no news on which chipset is going to be present
inside Galaxy Note 6, but we suspect that it is going to be the Exynos 8890. As
for the rear camera sensor, Galaxy Note 6 is going to have a camera sensor
downgrade, but in the megapixel department only. As far as the sensor
performance goes, Samsung will be placing the best of what a smartphone can
accommodate inside its body.

If you read our review of Galaxy Note 5, you will know that the smartphone is
definitely a wonder to look at, hold and function, so there is no question that
the upcoming device will surpass its predecessor in every way we can possibly
imagine. While there is no release date mentioned, Samsung might host an event
for the month of September, which is the same month in which Apple will be
unveiling its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

In short, it will definitely be a clash of smartphone titans, and we will keep
you posted on additional details in the future.

Weibo

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/100/145531247341.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/37/145531247366.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/8/145531247430.png



LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             942 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            March 12, 2016 Saturday
                                 Delhi Edition

iPhone SE may be Unveiled on March 21

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh & Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 637 words


Apple's invitations for a March 21 event at its headquarters in Cupertino has
set off a huge buzz in India about launch of a new product, which many suggest
to be the new iPhone SE or special edition that may be meant for emerging
markets, priced lower than its typical flagships.

Apple is widely expected to introduce the 4-inch iPhone SE with features from
the iPhone 6 and 6s, such as a faster A9 processor, always-on Siri and Live
Photos, but packaged in iPhone 5-sized casing. The device may have power button
on top like iPhone 5 and support Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.2, and VoLTE. "A new phone
with the latest OS and attractive price point will excite people in India," said
Gartner's research

director Anshul Gupta.

Apple headquarters has still not communicated the game plan for the new iPhone
to its India team, but trade partners expect launch in the first phase in India.
Analysts expect three to four weeks' gap in launch time for key emerging
countries, primarily India.

This, they say , is to gain on the hype in social media in India around the new
iPhone and also to take on Samsung's latest flagship, Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge,
sales of which will begin on March 18.

"It is expected that Apple will start shipping of the new iPhone to India in the
first phase. Next month, the fight between Apple and Samsung will gain with the
new iPhone and an expected price drop on the current entry model, iPhone 5s,
which is expected to be sold at sub-. '20,000," said a senior trade executive.
Some say Apple will further drop prices of iPhone 6S and 6S Plus.

KGI Securities analyst MingChi Kuo, widely considered the most accurate
researcher on Apple, previously said in a note that iPhone SE will be '30,000
approx), priced at $450 (.while the price for iPhone 5s may well be cut by half.
The

mid-tier pricing will be extremely attractive in India, where Apple enjoys a
massive aspirational value and huge brand recall. "Mid-price smartphones are
well suited for emerging markets like India, Indonesia, Bangladesh, Brazil,
Argentina and Vietnam," said Gartner's Gupta.

Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at Hong Kong-based Counterpoint Research, said the
price bracket of $500-550 . 37,000) will genera '34,000 to ' (.te wide interest
in India, which is turning out to be one of Apple's key markets.

The mid-price ($300-500)

smartphone is still a small market segment in emerging countries with 10-15% of
overall smartphone market, but experiencing high growth as smartphone install
base has grown is these markets reaching over 200 million in India. Given the
high pace of growth in the Indian smartphone market, at a time when developed
markets face stagnation, Apple may want to make most of the time here and
improve its share in some local markets.

For instance, IDC data showed Apple having a larger share than Xiaomi that sells

entry-level to mid-level priced phones in tier 2 and 3 cities in the October to
December quarter. Apple leads in the premium segment (. '30,000 upwards) in the
quarter, but trails Samsung for the full year ended December.

"As Apple is searching for growth outside mature markets, it understands that
most of the countries with high smartphone growth currently have skewed
smartphone price distribution towards entry to midrange," Pathak added.

Timing of launch, away from the September flagship launches, has also peaked
interest among analysts and consumers alike. "I guess that there can be a
trimmed down version of flagship 6s, while a refreshed flagship phone will come
later during the year," Gupta added.

Samsung just launched its Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge at prices starting Rs
46,900, which analysts termed as competitive. The months following the launch
generate most of Samsung's sales in the premium segment, taking the cyclic trend
that is similar for Apple when it launches flagships in September.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             943 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                              June 3, 2016 Friday

ZTE unveils value-line phones Blade V7, Blade V7 Lite; eyes 60 mln-70 mln units
in 2016

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Barcelona


Barcelona, June 3 -- China's ZTE, the world's sixth largest smartphone maker, is
introducing new value-priced phone models and aims to sell between 60 million
and 70 million devices overall this year, an executive said on Monday.


 MUST READ
 Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge launched; to hit market by mid-March
 ZTE Senior Director of Mobile Devices Waiman Lam said in an interview at the
Mobile World Congress that the company is cautiously targeting growth of around
60 million units, which would mark a 7 percent rise in unit sales from 2015.
 The higher end of its target range, 70 million units, would represent around 20
percent growth over 2015.
 ZTE unveiled two new models in its high-volume, value-priced line and unveiled
a new sports marketing partnership with Spanish football club Seville, taking a
page from a strategy that has turned ZTE into the 4th largest U.S. smartphone
vendor.
 MUST READ
 LG launches world's first modular smartphone G5 with dual camera,
virtual-reality set
 The Blade V7 Lite offers a 5-inch screen that can be operated with one hand and
a fingerprint scanner for users to sign on to the phone. It will initially be
sold in Russia and in coming months in markets including Mexico, Spain, Germany
and Thailand.
 A slightly larger Blade V7 sports a 5.2-inch screen in a metallic case for
single-hand use and both front and rear 13-megapixel cameras. Instead of
fingerprint security, it offers ZTE's retinal eye-scan feature and goes on sale
in summer.
 MUST READ
 Huawei's first PC MateBook unveiled; to take on Microsoft Surface, iPad Pro
 The company has not yet disclosed pricing for the new models, but Lam told
Reuters that the larger of the two, the Blade V7, will sell for around 250 euros
(around Rs 19000) and the Lite could be between 150 euros to 200 euros(around Rs
11,400-15,200)

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             944 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

ZTE unveils value-line phones Blade V7, Blade V7 Lite; eyes 60 mln-70 mln units
in 2016

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Barcelona


Barcelona, Feb. 23 -- China's ZTE, the world's sixth largest smartphone maker,
is introducing new value-priced phone models and aims to sell between 60 million
and 70 million devices overall this year, an executive said on Monday.


 MUST READ
 Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge launched; to hit market by mid-March
 ZTE Senior Director of Mobile Devices Waiman Lam said in an interview at the
Mobile World Congress that the company is cautiously targeting growth of around
60 million units, which would mark a 7 percent rise in unit sales from 2015.
 The higher end of its target range, 70 million units, would represent around 20
percent growth over 2015.
 ZTE unveiled two new models in its high-volume, value-priced line and unveiled
a new sports marketing partnership with Spanish football club Seville, taking a
page from a strategy that has turned ZTE into the 4th largest U.S. smartphone
vendor.
 MUST READ
 LG launches world's first modular smartphone G5 with dual camera,
virtual-reality set
 The Blade V7 Lite offers a 5-inch screen that can be operated with one hand and
a fingerprint scanner for users to sign on to the phone. It will initially be
sold in Russia and in coming months in markets including Mexico, Spain, Germany
and Thailand.
 A slightly larger Blade V7 sports a 5.2-inch screen in a metallic case for
single-hand use and both front and rear 13-megapixel cameras. Instead of
fingerprint security, it offers ZTE's retinal eye-scan feature and goes on sale
in summer.
 MUST READ
 Huawei's first PC MateBook unveiled; to take on Microsoft Surface, iPad Pro
 The company has not yet disclosed pricing for the new models, but Lam told
Reuters that the larger of the two, the Blade V7, will sell for around 250 euros
(around Rs 19000) and the Lite could be between 150 euros to 200 euros(around Rs
11,400-15,200)

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             945 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                              May 27, 2016 Friday

Hold the Bat-phone, Samsung dials into hero's fans -

LENGTH: 169 words


Samsung's Galaxy S7 Edge Injustice Edition / YonhapBy Ko Dong-hwan

Targeting fans of Batman worldwide, Samsung Electronics will release limited
editions of a new smartphone designed around the DC Comics character's theme.

The global electronics giant will release next month the 'Galaxy S7 Edge
Injustice Edition' in Korea, China, Singapore, Russia and Central American
countries, according to media reports. It is expected only 1,000 phones will be
made.

/ YonhapThe device's black color is in sync with Batman's outfit, while the back
of the phone is adorned with the 'bat' symbol. The background image of the
device's main screen shows Batman.

The phone celebrates the third anniversary of the release of mobile game
'Injustice: Gods Among Us,' developed by NetherRealm Studios. Batman is one of
the main characters.

Samsung will also release a package that bundles the device's case in the shape
of Batman's cape, a virtual reality (VR) headset, a free gaming coupon for the
game and a free coupon for Oculus VR content.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             946 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                              May 27, 2016 Friday

Hold the Bat-phone, Samsung dials into hero's fans -

LENGTH: 169 words


Samsung's Galaxy S7 Edge Injustice Edition / YonhapBy Ko Dong-hwan

Targeting fans of Batman worldwide, Samsung Electronics will release limited
editions of a new smartphone designed around the DC Comics character's theme.

The global electronics giant will release next month the 'Galaxy S7 Edge
Injustice Edition' in Korea, China, Singapore, Russia and Central American
countries, according to media reports. It is expected only 1,000 phones will be
made.

/ YonhapThe device's black color is in sync with Batman's outfit, while the back
of the phone is adorned with the 'bat' symbol. The background image of the
device's main screen shows Batman.

The phone celebrates the third anniversary of the release of mobile game
'Injustice: Gods Among Us,' developed by NetherRealm Studios. Batman is one of
the main characters.

Samsung will also release a package that bundles the device's case in the shape
of Batman's cape, a virtual reality (VR) headset, a free gaming coupon for the
game and a free coupon for Oculus VR content.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             947 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           August 24, 2016 Wednesday
                                Regional Edition

Samsung inches ahead in the smartphone race - but with a big leap in price

BYLINE: Hayley Tsukayama

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 755 words


Samsung's latest large-screen phone, the Note 7, is the newest addition to the
stylus-toting premium phone line. Samsung provided The Washington Post with a
review device. Overall, this phone is gorgeous and a productivity machine. But
its high price tag may put some people off.

In terms of features, the Note 7 offers smartphone users the full package.
Samsung's screens are known to be stunning, and this phone is no exception, with
deep blacks and bright colors that give a vivid - if not always natural -
picture.

Its 5.7-inch screen is noticeably big, making video viewing a pleasure. Even
with a big screen, the phone doesn't feel too bulky in hand. I'm a rather small
person, and while I definitely can't tap the top of the screen while holding the
phone one-handed, it didn't feel too heavy to use. The phone's call quality was
good, as was the overall audio performance.

The Note 7 boasts a battery life similar to the Galaxy S7. I didn't get as much
time with this device as I have with others, so it's hard to determine the
accuracy of that claim. But I feel safe saying that the Note 7 will get you
through a normal day of use. But if you're doing something battery intensive -
say, playing Pokémon Go - you may still want to take an extra charger.

Like its older siblings, the Note 7 can be charged wirelessly using Samsung's
charging pad. It also has a "fast charging" mode that gives you a lot of juice
in a short period of time. One key difference, however, is that the Note 7 has a
USB-C charger. The upside of this is that you can plug the cord in either way -
the cord will never be upside-down for the port. The downside: You can't use
cords from your older Samsung devices to power it up directly.

The Note 7 also boasts a waterproof design. I dunked my review unit in the sink,
and I also used it (with the stylus, even) under running water with no ill
effects. I wouldn't make a habit of using it underwater - the phone displays a
warning if the power port gets wet - but you don't have to freak out if you drop
your phone in a puddle.

The retina scanner

One of the big new features on the Note 7 is a retina scanner. To activate it,
you  swipe up from the lock screen. When you scan your eyes, an LED light blinks
- but don't worry, it doesn't blind you. The phone still scanned fine with my
contacts and my glasses, although it took a little longer with the glasses.
Still, it was faster than typing a password - and the phone still asks you to
set up one as a backup.

Is the retina scanner any better than the fingerprint scanner? Honestly, not
really. The retina scanner works well, but so does the fingerprint scanner. This
is a big phone, so the retina scanner does make unlocking it feel a little more
stable, but if you're happy with using your fingerprint you probably won't see a
compelling reason to switch.

The pen

The standout feature of the Note line in general is the S Pen, or stylus, that
tucks neatly into the bottom of the smartphone. Samsung has made the pen more
and more useful over the years.

The pen is fast and fluid, and it's almost as good as taking notes by hand in
terms of responsiveness. I'm still faster with pen and paper, but it's hard to
deny the convenience of being able to jot down a note on your phone. The Note 7
(like its predecessor) also lets you take notes directly on the lock screen, in
case you have to write something down very quickly.

As com             pared to ...

Many reviews have hailed this as Samsung's most beautiful phone yet, and that's
a fair assessment. I'd agree that the Note 7 is, all around, better than the
Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge, just in terms of its features.

In terms of performance, the Note 7 is on par with the top smartphones out
there. There is a video going around showing the iPhone 6S beating the Note 7 in
a speed test. My own benchmarking gave the out-of-the-box Note 7 a slight edge
over my year-old iPhone. In practical terms, I noticed that the Note 7 opens
and, in particular, switches between programs with less snap than the iPhone or
the Galaxy S7 - but not enough to call it "lag."

Not to mention, a phone's worth isn't solely in its numbers. It's hardly enough
to discount what is an otherwise gorgeous phone. Its only real drawback? The
price. The Note 7 is up to $900 unlocked, although carriers are offering deals
of their own. At that price, you may reasonably expect it to blow past all other
competitors. And while it edges out other phones on the market, that price tag
could give you pause.

hayley.tsukayama@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             948 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Wall Street Journal Abstracts

                           August 17, 2016 Wednesday

GALAXY NOTE 7 IS BIG AND THE BEST

BYLINE: JOANNA STERN

SECTION: D; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 22 words

ABSTRACT

Joanna Stern assesses Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Android smartphone with stylus and
compares it with Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge; photos (M)

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company: Abstracts
                              All Rights Reserved


                             949 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             August 2, 2016 Tuesday

iPhone 7 will be waterproof but does not feature IP68 certification

LENGTH: 313  words


Apple's upcoming iPhone 7 will be far more waterproof than an iPhone 6s, but it
will not feature the IP68 certification

Previous tests conducted for the iPhone 6s showed that the smartphone featured a
rubber padding around the side of its metal body, thus making it waterproof for
a significantly long period. This feature was not pointed out for a very long
period, and we believe that it is what is also going to be present inside iPhone
7. However, according to the latest information, while iPhone 7 will be
reinforced with a better waterproofing system, it is not going to receive the
IP68 certification, which means that you cannot dive in with your future iPhone
and expect it to thrive underwater.

An example of IP68 certification is the one present on Samsung's Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 edge. This certification allows both smartphones to stay underwater
for a total period of 30 minutes while being submerged at 5 feet. Unfortunately,
the iPhone 7 might not be protected against a large amount of water, but it will
still provide you with the necessary protection that you need to safely remove
it from a waterbody if the smartphone has accidentally been submerged.

There are several features that we expect to be present inside iPhone 7,
including the powerful A10 chipset. The iPhone 7 is also expected to feature a
larger battery capacity than its predecessor by 14 percent, making the total
come to a 1,960mAh cell. While the overall capacity is still less than the
2,000mAh mark, the improved chipset's processor design coupled with an improved
operating system should allow the user to get more battery life out of the
handset. It has been rumored that the iPhone 7 Pro variant is the only one out
of the three models to receive a dual-camera setup, but that information will
only be revealed once Apple announces its latest family during the month of
September.

Source

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             950 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Armenpress News Agency (English)

                           October 22, 2015 Thursday

Samsung may introduce Galaxy S7 in January

LENGTH: 144  words


YEREVAN, OCTOBER 22, ARMENPRESS. Those who have been waiting for the Samsung
Galaxy S7 are in for a treat as rumors say that it might be unveiled earlier
than expected. According to a report by Tech Insider, Samsung's next flagship
phone may be announced in January, which deviates from the company's usual
launching month. "Armnepress" reports the information citing The Christian Post.

Samsung's Galaxy S devices are usually launched in March or April. But in order
to ramp up competition with Apple in the high-end phone market, they will need
to make some changes to their calendar schedule. CNET also reported that the
South Korean tech giant had already finalized the design for the smartphone
before September ended. Right now, they are reportedly securing the components
they will need to start production.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/354/1176/95/144551279051.jpg



LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1176


                           Copyright 2015 Armenpress
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             951 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             March 13, 2016 Sunday

iPhone Special Edition may be unveiled on March 21

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee & Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 646 words


NEW DELHI: Apple's invitations for a March 21 event at its headquarters in
Cupertino has set off a huge buzz in India about launch of a new product, which
many suggest to be the new iPhone SE or special edition that may be meant for
emerging markets, priced lower than its typical flagships.

Apple is widely expected to introduce the 4-inch iPhone SE with features from
the iPhone 6 and 6s, such as a faster A9 processor, always-on Siri and Live
Photos, but packaged in iPhone 5-sized casing. The device may have power button
on top like iPhone 5 and support Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.2, and VoLTE. "A new phone
with the latest OS and attractive price point will excite people in India," said
Gartner's research director Anshul Gupta.

Apple headquarters has still not communicated the game plan for the new iPhone
to its India team, but trade partners expect launch in the first phase in India.
Analysts expect three to four weeks' gap in launch time for key emerging
countries, primarily India.

This, they say, is to gain on the hype in social media in India around the new
iPhone and also to take on Samsung's latest flagship, Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge,
sales of which will begin on March 18.

"It is expected that Apple will start shipping of the new iPhone to India in the
first phase. Next month, the fight between Apple and Samsung will gain with the
new iPhone and an expected price drop on the current entry model, iPhone 5s,
which is expected to be sold at sub-Rs 20,000," said a senior trade executive.
Some say Apple will further drop prices of iPhone 6S and 6S Plus.

KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, widely considered the most accurate
researcher on Apple, previously said in a note that iPhone SE will be priced at
$450 (Rs 30,000 approx), while the price for iPhone 5s may well be cut by half.
The mid-tier pricing will be extremely attractive in India, where Apple enjoys a
massive aspirational value and huge brand recall. "Mid-price smartphones are
well suited for emerging markets like India, Indonesia, Bangladesh, Brazil,
Argentina and Vietnam," said Gartner's Gupta.

Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at Hong Kong-based Counterpoint Research, said the
price bracket of $500-550 (Rs 34,000 to Rs 37,000) will generate wide interest
in India, which is turning out to be one of Apple's key markets.

The mid-price ($300-500) smartphone is still a small market segment in emerging
countries with 10-15% of overall smartphone market, but experiencing high growth
as smartphone install base has grown is these markets reaching over 200 million
in India.

Given the high pace of growth in the Indian smartphone market, at a time when
developed markets face stagnation, Apple may want to make most of the time here
and improve its share in some local markets.

For instance, IDC data showed Apple having a larger share than Xiaomi that sells
entry-level to mid-level priced phones in tier 2 and 3 cities in the October to
December quarter. Apple leads in the premium segment (Rs 30,000 upwards) in the
quarter, but trails Samsung for the full year ended December.

"As Apple is searching for growth outside mature markets, it understands that
most of the countries with high smartphone growth currently have skewed
smartphone price distribution towards entry to midrange," Pathak added.

Timing of launch, away from the September flagship launches, has also peaked
interest among analysts and consumers alike. "I guess that there can be a
trimmed down version of flagship 6s, while a refreshed flagship phone will come
later during the year," Gupta added.

Samsung just launched its Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge at prices starting Rs
46,900, which analysts termed as competitive. The months following the launch
generate most of Samsung's sales in the premium segment, taking the cyclic trend
that is similar for Apple when it launches flagships in September.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             952 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                              May 27, 2016 Friday

HTC tries to woo back India with six new phones

BYLINE: hansa verma

LENGTH: 258  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


So, what sets HTC 10 apart from flagships like Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 edge
and LG G5? Siddiqui says the biggest innovation is the camera. "The company has
made huge strides on the camera front. Even the front camera in the phone comes
with an OIS, making it the world's first smartphone to offer it," Faisal says.
"In the past, our cameras have not been that great and that is why we have spent
a lot of time getting the camera right this time," he admits.

Audio, or the sound quality of HTC phones has always been one of its strengths.
Faisal says they have carried this legacy forward with the HTC 10, bringing in
the ability to optimise frequencies of right and left ear separately. "People
hear differently from the left ear vs right ear. When you put the headsets on,
you can actually tune the frequencies for the left and the right ear separately.
Plus, its high-resolution audio, which makes for an immense clarity," he
explains.

Read: HTC 10, HTC One X9, Desire 825 and more launched in India: Key specs and
price
(http://indianexpress.com/article/technology/mobile-tabs/htc-10-launch-specs-pri
ce-india-htc-one-x9-htc-desire-628-2819758/)

Photos:HTC 10, One X9, Desire 825 launched in India: All you need to know
(http://indianexpress.com/photos/technology-gallery/htc-10-launch-specs-price-on
e-x9-desire-628-830-launch-2819900/)

Follow Express Techie (http://www.facebook.com/ExpressTechie/?fref=ts) on
Facebook for the latest stories on technology, reviews and more. Or you can
tweet out to us @expresstechie for tips, latest tech news.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             953 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             May 11, 2016 Wednesday

Fitch: Recovery in Samsung's Handset Business Likely to be Short Lived

LENGTH: 458 words

DATELINE: New York



 Seoul/Sydney: Recovery in the smartphone business is likely to be short-lived
despite Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.'s (SEC, A+/Stable) stronger-than-expected
1Q16 results, and its semiconductor business will face challenges which may
pressure profitability over the long term, says Fitch Ratings.





 Strong sales of SEC's new flagship model - Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge -
boosted operating performance in 1Q16. The handset margin improved to 14%, the
widest since 2Q14. However, we think that a meaningful improvement in the
smartphone business over the long term is unlikely due to ever-increasing
competition and narrowing product differentiation as lower-cost competitors'
handsets improve. We expect handset margins to decline, reflecting greater
competition and weaker demand growth.



 The slowing market growth for both DRAM and NAND will gradually affect SEC's
semiconductor business over the long term, although we expect the company will
continue to maintain a leading position in the memory sector with its advanced
technology. SEC, the second-largest player in the global semiconductor industry,
is the only company which improved operating profit among the top manufacturers
in 1Q16, despite the seasonal weakness in demand and a decline in the price of
PC DRAM. Enhanced product mix, yield improvement in V-NAND and favourable
foreign-exchange impact helped SEC secure a solid EBIT margin of 23.6%
(1Q15:28.4%).



 Overall, SEC's 1Q16 revenue and operating profit increased to KRW49.8trn and
KRW6.7trn, respectively, from KRW47.1trn and KRW6trn in 1Q15. The EBIT margin
also improved to 13.4% compared with 12.7% in the previous quarter.



 We continue to believe that SEC will be the major beneficiary of the increasing
adoption of organic light-emitting diode (OLED) displays in smartphones, as the
company is a pioneer in this segment with technology leadership. The
first-quarter results revealed that its OLED business remained resilient amid a
structural decline in the liquid crystal display (LCD) industry, compensating
for operating losses in large-size LCD business. Possible use of OLED displays
by Apple Inc. could further boost demand for OLED panels. However, SEC's display
division turned in an operating loss in 1Q16, and revenue fell by 12% yoy.



 Samsung's 'A' category credit profile is clearly supported by its technology
leadership, respective dominant market positions, and a well-diversified
business portfolio, which help to mitigate earnings fluctuations to a certain
extent. However, risks to its ratings remain from the volatility inherent in its
core operations, particularly the cyclicality of its semiconductor and display
panel businesses - as well as the rapidly changing fortunes of global handset
manufacturers.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             954 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                              July 18, 2016 Monday

Qualcomm unveils new Snapdragon 821chipset

BYLINE: Karrishma Modhy

LENGTH: 285  words


Meet the processor that's going to power many of this year's flagship mobile
devices

Qualcomm has unveiled the successor to the Snapdragon 820--the Snapdragon 821.
This new mobile platform is said to deliver faster speed, improved power
savings, and greater multitasking performance.

Currently, the Snapdragon 820 powers some of the most feature-rich smartphones
including Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge, Xiaomi Mi 5, LG G5, HTC 10,
LeEco LeMax 2, and Sony Xperia X.

Qualcomm mentioned, "We're excited to tell you more about just how the
Snapdragon 821 will help set a new bar for smartphones, tablets, mobile VR head
mounted displays and other new devices. You can expect commercial devices
powered by the 821 in the second half of 2016."

The company states that the Snapdragon 821 is engineered to deliver a 10 percent
performance increase over its predecessor, and continues to be based on their
Kryo quad-core CPU that can now reach clock speeds of up to 2.4GHz. Also the 821
contains a slightly faster Adreno 530 GPU compared to the 820--from 624MHz to
650MHz, promising better graphics ability.

The speed of the chips used in various implementations of the 821 across devices
will differ, based on the strategies of the respective manufacturers--some will
be clocked lower for better battery life while others that are skewed toward
gaming may be set to run at their full potential. Also, the company stated that
the 820 will continue to be used in upcoming phones, alongside its successor.

The Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe will be the first smartphone to be based on Snapdragon
821 platform, and Google's upcoming flagship Nexus is rumored to be based on it
as well.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             955 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                              July 8, 2016 Friday

New smartphone technology starts paying off for Samsung

BYLINE: PAUL MOZUR

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 569 words

DATELINE: HONG KONG

ABSTRACT

The South Korean technology conglomerate forecast its best quarterly profit
figure in two years as its phones held their own against Apple's.

FULL TEXT

Six months after it warned that 2016 would be a tough year, Samsung Electronics
is showing that new technology and new phones are beginning to pay off.

The South Korean technology conglomerate said on Thursday that its estimated
operating profit for the three months that ended in June rose 17 percent from
the period a year earlier. The jump in growth beat analysts' expectations and
led to the company's best quarterly profit figure in two years.

At the heart of the recovery is the sustained popularity of Samsung's flagship
Galaxy S7 phone, which analysts say has sold well despite the competitive
pressures from Apple. Bolstering that success are steady sales of the company's
lower-end phones.

If Samsung's profit growth in the first half of 2016 comes from weathering
difficult conditions in the global smartphone markets, analysts say the rest of
the year will be more dependent on its lesser-known products: memory components
and screen technology.

A potential slump in smartphone sales in the third quarter could be ''offset by
improving earnings of the semiconductor division and Samsung Display,''
according to a report from the Shinhan Investment Corporation, a Korean
securities brokerage firm.

Samsung said that operating profit would be 8.1 trillion won, or about $7
billion, in the second quarter, compared with 6.9 trillion won a year earlier.
The numbers released on Thursday were preliminary; Samsung will post its final
results later this month.

Samsung's new screen technology - which uses so-called organic light-emitting
diodes - in its own smartphones has given it a production advantage. Samsung
uses that technology, which is more efficient and creates thinner and more
flexible screens, to give its Galaxy S7 Edge phones curved edges that create the
impression that the screen drops off the side of the device.

While Samsung lost ground to Apple in important Asian markets after the American
company began offering iPhones with larger screens, the distinctive look of the
S7 has helped Samsung hold its own this year.

The OLED technology could pay off for Samsung because more and more mobile
phones - made by Samsung and others - are expected to use the screen. The screen
technology will probably be central for the highly anticipated foldable or
bendable Samsung smartphone models that may be released next year.

Morgan Stanley analysts have said that they expect Apple to also adopt the
technology for its screens in 2017. Other analysts have said Samsung is already
in the process of adding more OLED production, converting plants that formerly
produced LCD panels. In the first quarter of 2016, Samsung remained in the lead
among the sellers of smartphones with a 25 percent global market share, selling
about the same number of units as it did in the same quarter a year earlier,
according to the research group International Data Corporation.

While Samsung has had difficulties competing with lower-cost Chinese phone
makers in crucial developing markets, most notably China, the company's
dominance in screens and memory chips means it can probably also profit by
selling expensive components to those companies. China's smartphone makers face
an uphill battle challenging the South Korean giant in more mature and
profitable markets.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             956 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                           February 18, 2016 Thursday

Samsung, HTC and Microsoft: 6 of the most anticipated mobile phones before,
during and after MWC

SECTION: DEVICES; News

LENGTH: 760 words



HIGHLIGHT: List: Will the Galaxy S7 be the standout phone from the show?


The late winter/early spring Mobile World Congress in Barcelona is a showcase
for all aspects of the mobile landscape. This includes new networking
technologies, telco partnerships and of course, the announcement of mobile
devices themselves.

Apple is of course absent from the list, preferring to do things their own way
and at times of their own choosing. However, this Android-laden list will have
something to offer to most smartphone enthusiast.



Leaks and rumours have been surfacing for some time about the big Android launch
of this year, the Samsung Galaxy S7.

It is set to be officially announced on 21 February at a special Samsung-hosted
event.

A new video uploaded to the Samsung Indonesia channel, titled 'Get Ready for
#TheNextGalaxy' has revealed the focus of the new device on durability,
including its water-proofing.

It also opens with a shot of the phone being left briefly on a wireless charging
pad and quickly reaching 100 percent battery, suggesting that this will be one
of the key features of the new device.

The S7 is expected to come in different models like its predecessor the S6,
launched in April 2015. This could include a larger 'phablet'-sized version.

Some counterpart to Apple's 3D Touch tech is expected to be included in the
device. According to leaked blueprints, the device will have a similar design to
its predecessor.

LAUNCH: 21 February



Rumoured to be slated for a May release, sources have suggested that the HTC One
M10 device from the Taiwanese manufacturer will run with Google's new update to
the Android operating system, which has yet to be launched.

Rumours suggest that the device will have a camera capable of taking 4K video
and fingerprint recognition capabilities.

The Snapdragon 820 processor may be used in the device. It may include an
upgrade to the 4MP camera featured on the HTC M8.

LAUNCH: It is unclear when HTC will launch the device if it takes place at MWC.
It is believed that the device may be launched after the conference, on 11
April.



LG announced in the week preceding MWC a new series of smartphones called the X
series. The X cam and X screen are supposed to be cheaper alternatives to
premium phones.

The cam features dual cameras on the rear, carrying what LG calls "one of the
most advanced camera experience in a mass-tier smartphone". The 3D Bending Glass
means that the device is only 5.2 mm and weighs in at 118g.

The X screen features a second screen above the primary display. This dimly lit
screen will sport key information such as the time and date, as well as certain
notifications - presumably as chosen by the user. Users are able to access
frequently used apps, answer calls or control the msuci player.

LAUNCH: 22 February



Lenovo teased its new device on Twitter, saying "A gorgeous new device has been
engineered from scratch to deliver the #Knockout punch. Brace yourselves" with
an image featuring a metallic device captioned 'Coming Soon. MWC 2016'.

This bore a significant resemblance to the Lemon 3 device, recently launched in
China. This has been interpreted as meaning that a global launch of this device
is planned for the event.

Assuming the specifications are the same, the Lemon 3 runs on Android 5.1
Lollipop, with a 5-inch full-HD screen and carrying a octa-core Qualcomm
Snapdragon 616

LAUNCH: Unknown



Often referred to as the Chinese Apple, Xiaomi has already announced that the Mi
5 will appear for the first time at this year's MWC.
It will be launched simultaneously at an event taking place in Beijing.

Global VP Hugo Barra has confirmed in a tweet that the device will feature NFC
support. His tweet of the home screen had two signal bars, suggesting that the
device may have dual-SIM support.

Other tweets from the official Xiaomi account have suggested that the device
boasts an especially high-powered camera and that it will be particularly thin.

LAUNCH: 24 February



It is believed that Microsoft will launch one or possibly two new Lumia phones
in Barcelona. A recent leak has suggested that not only the Lumia 750 but also
the 850 might appear during the conference, with an overall release scheduled
for the first quarter of this year.

Rumours have suggested that the Lumia 750 will feature a Snapdragon 617
processor, 2GB of RAM, 16GB of storage and a screen sized between 5.4 and 5.7
inches with Full HD capabilities.

The IT giant is keen to flesh out the Windows 10 ecosystem as much as possible,
as its recent Convergence film demonstrated, so it is likely that these
smartphones will be launched alongside a range of tools for the enterprise.

LAUNCH: Unknown

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             957 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The National

                              May 30, 2016 Monday

LG G5 review: Superb display and camera but falls short elsewhere

BYLINE: John Everington

LENGTH: 564  words


John Everington

LG wowed the crowds at this year's Mobile World Congress in February with the
G5, the first modular smartphone with swappable accessories. Even without those
accessories (LG promises us we shall be able to test them shortly), it's a
compelling device with a great display and brilliant cameras, despite falling
short in one or two areas.

Like HTC, LG has overhauled the tried and trusty designs of its former
flagships, the G5 coming encased in a smooth aluminium body. It's undoubtedly a
well-crafted premium device, although the colour coating gives it a slightly
plastic feel that puts it below the Samsung Galaxy S7 and H TC 10.

LG has cut the size of the G5's IPS LCD Quad HD screen to 5.3 inches from the
G4's 5.5 inches, but has wisely left the close-to-flawless display of its
predecessor otherwise unchanged. The G5's naturalistic colour palette and smooth
rendering are up there with the best smartphones on the market, with the (now
quite dated) Mad Max: Fury Road trailer looking better on the G5 than on
virtually any device I've tested over the past year.

Camera-wise, the G5 goes for quantity and quality, offering both a 16MP standard
rear camera and an 8MP wide angle snapper on the back as well. It's a very
welcome feature, the wide-angle lens proving very handy for group photos and
panoramas. And while the LG's main 16MP camera has argu ably been eclipsed by
that of the Galaxy S7, it still takes bright and detailed images that are close
to best in class.

Like the G4 before it, the G5's main Achilles heel is its comparatively small
2,800 mAh battery, which struggled to last an entire day of moderate use. While
the ability to swap out the battery is nice on paper, most of us would trade
that for a battery that offered a few more hours of juice.

It launched in the UAE in mid-April and retails for Dh2,499, the same price as
the Galaxy S7, but Dh100 more than the HTC 10. It falls a little short in terms
of design and battery life, but its superb display and its excellent rear
cameras make it highly recommended.

Q&A

So what is a 'modular smartphone' then?

It's a smartphone that you fit different modules on to. You simply press a
button on the bottom left-hand side of the G5, then ease off the bottom of the
phone and plug in a new module, or as LG calls them, "Friends". This also allows
you to easily swap out a dead battery for a new one, although why you'd want to
do that is anyone's guess.

According to Facebook, I have more than 500 "Friends". How many does LG have?

Not quite that many at the mom ent, although LG will be hoping that third-party
developers will get creative with the concept. Two plug-in Friends were launched
alongside the G5. They are "Hi-fi Plus with B&O Play" that offers superior audio
playback, as well as the "Cam Plus" that offers a better camera grip and better
controls.

Sounds interesting. What are they like?

LG says it will send them over soon, so will let you know in due course.

Speaking of cameras, I'm far more interested in taking pictures of myself than
others.

In that case the 8MP selfie camera won't let you down. Having said that, there's
no wide-angle selfie cam (like there was on the LG V10), so you might not be
able to get your entire big head into the shot.

There's no need to stoop that low. Finally ...

It comes in silver, Titan, gold, and, you'll be relieved to hear, pink.

jeverington@thenational.ae

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 818


                     Copyright 2016 Abu Dhabi Media Company
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             958 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                            November 7, 2016 Monday

Couple files lawsuit in Canada over Samsung Note 7 phones

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 326 words


TORONTO - A class-action lawsuit has been filed in Canada regarding Samsung
Galaxy Note 7 phones, which were recalled last month following reports of
overheating batteries that pose a fire hazard.

The lawsuit against both the U.S. and Canadian divisions of Samsung was filed in
Ontario Superior Court by London, Ont.-based McKenzie Lake Lawyers, LLP.

The claim alleges Samsung was negligent because they knew or should have known
that the devices could harm consumers. The allegations have not been proven in
court.

The lawsuit, which was filed on behalf of Canadian residents who bought the Note
7, seeks damages and a declaration that the defendants' actions were false and
misleading and contravened the Consumer Protection Act and the Competition Act.

The South Korean electronics giant stopped making and selling the devices and
advised owners to turn them off and stop using them last month.

Samsung Electronics Canada Inc. says customers who return the phone can either
exchange it for a Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 Edge, or receive a full refund.

The plaintiffs in the case are Hannah Shaheen of Burlington and Daniel Fuller, a
Michigan resident in the process of moving to Burlington.

While returning from their honeymoon in the Turks and Caicos Islands, the couple
says they were forced to destroy and discard their Note 7 phones because they
had been banned from air transportation. They allege that in the process of
destroying the devices, one caught fire.

Because they had been forced to destroy the phones, Shaheen and Fuller lost all
the personal information, photos, videos and contacts that were on the devices.

The couple says they have not received any compensation from the company or a
replacement device.

"We believe that through this action, the defendants will be required to account
for their actions in bringing these devices to market," lawyer Matthew Baer said
in a statement.

"Canadians who owned these devices deserve to be properly compensated."

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             959 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              chroniclelive.co.uk

                     October 11, 2016 Tuesday 12:00 PM GMT

Galaxy Note 7 production: what should owners do now after reports of phones
catching fire;
After offering to replace faulty phones, it now appears that the replacements
are also prone to exploding

BYLINE: By Charles White

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 337 words


Samsung users were told today to switch off all their Galaxy Note7 because some
of them have set on fire.

The so-called 'safe' fancy smartphones replacements have been reported to set
alight.

All sales of the phone have now been stopped across the world.

Samsung was in hot water last month when 2.5 million phones were recalled.

The Android phone was eagerly anticipated by tech-savvy fans but problems soon
emerged.

The lithium batteries that the phone relies on was said to set alight.

Now the South Korean company uses Chinese batteries who also make iPhone
batteries.

However on October 6 a replacement phone caught fire on a Southwest Airlines
plane.

The "thick grey-green angry smoke" caused panic days before a man in Kentucky's
phone set alight as he slept.

A 13-year-old Minnesota girl also had her Note7 begin to melt in her hands.

Power down and exchange your phone.

Last month just 50% of European smartphones were returned. This time Samsung is
calling for all phones to be swapped.

If you're one of the 2.5 million people who got replacement devices or hold an
original Galaxy Note 7 you should follow the company's advice closely.

Samsung said: "Consumers with either an original Galaxy Note7 or replacement
Galaxy Note7 device should power down and stop using the device and take
advantage of the remedies available."

Samsung halts Galaxy Note 7 sales after batteries explode

These "remedies" do not include an opportunity to swap your Note7 for a
replacement model.

You can get a full refund if you return the smartphones to where you bought
them.

Last month you were able to swap your Note7 for a S7 or S7 Edge.

If you're not keen on your £600 phone melting in your hands there are
alternatives.

The market leader, Apple , recently released the Apple iPhone 7 which is priced
from £599.

iPhone 7 Plus is a cool £719.

But it's not just the two tech giants who have new phones.

Google Pixel advertises itself as the height of modern tech sophistication.

Priced at £599 it is available to pre-order on Google Store from October 4.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBNEC


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             960 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                       August 2, 2016 Tuesday 5:21 PM GMT

Samsung's latest Galaxy phablet offers iris scanner technology

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 282 words


Samsung has revealed that its latest smartphone will come with an iris scanner,
for improved security, for the first time.

The Galaxy Note 7 is Samsung's so-called "phablet" smartphone and comes with a
stylus - called the S Pen - to use on the phone's 5.7-inch screen.

The S Pen has also been given a range of new features compared to previous
generations of the Note, including the ability to translate words on-screen from
and into a series of languages when hovered over text. It has also been made
fully waterproof for the first time, as is the Note 7 itself.

The iris scanner can be programmed to unlock the device using just your eyes
thanks to a small infra-red sensor built into the front of the phone.

Samsung's previous generation Note 5 was not released in the UK, however the
Korean technology giant will bring its newest phablet to Britain due to customer
demand - naming it the 7 to bring it in line with their flagship smartphones,
the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge that were released earlier this year.

The new device is also set to be the first major smartphone to support High
Dynamic Range (HDR) video streaming - a higher quality image that increases the
contrast between light and dark to offer more detailed images on-screen.

The device will also come with a dual edge display and be available in three
colours - black, silver and blue - when it goes on-sale in the coming weeks.

Samsung also revealed a new version of its Gear VR virtual reality headset to go
with the Note 7, which has been given a streamlined design as well as an
increased viewing range.

The technology giant said there were now one million virtual reality users
globally, with 500,000 using its Gear VR headset.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             961 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                       August 2, 2016 Tuesday 5:21 PM GMT

Samsung's latest Galaxy phablet offers iris scanner technology

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 282 words


Samsung has revealed that its latest smartphone will come with an iris scanner,
for improved security, for the first time.

The Galaxy Note 7 is Samsung's so-called "phablet" smartphone and comes with a
stylus - called the S Pen - to use on the phone's 5.7-inch screen.

The S Pen has also been given a range of new features compared to previous
generations of the Note, including the ability to translate words on-screen from
and into a series of languages when hovered over text. It has also been made
fully waterproof for the first time, as is the Note 7 itself.

The iris scanner can be programmed to unlock the device using just your eyes
thanks to a small infra-red sensor built into the front of the phone.

Samsung's previous generation Note 5 was not released in the UK, however the
Korean technology giant will bring its newest phablet to Britain due to customer
demand - naming it the 7 to bring it in line with their flagship smartphones,
the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge that were released earlier this year.

The new device is also set to be the first major smartphone to support High
Dynamic Range (HDR) video streaming - a higher quality image that increases the
contrast between light and dark to offer more detailed images on-screen.

The device will also come with a dual edge display and be available in three
colours - black, silver and blue - when it goes on-sale in the coming weeks.

Samsung also revealed a new version of its Gear VR virtual reality headset to go
with the Note 7, which has been given a streamlined design as well as an
increased viewing range.

The technology giant said there were now one million virtual reality users
globally, with 500,000 using its Gear VR headset.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             962 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                       August 2, 2016 Tuesday 5:21 PM GMT

Samsung's latest Galaxy phablet offers iris scanner technology

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 282 words


Samsung has revealed that its latest smartphone will come with an iris scanner,
for improved security, for the first time.

The Galaxy Note 7 is Samsung's so-called "phablet" smartphone and comes with a
stylus - called the S Pen - to use on the phone's 5.7-inch screen.

The S Pen has also been given a range of new features compared to previous
generations of the Note, including the ability to translate words on-screen from
and into a series of languages when hovered over text. It has also been made
fully waterproof for the first time, as is the Note 7 itself.

The iris scanner can be programmed to unlock the device using just your eyes
thanks to a small infra-red sensor built into the front of the phone.

Samsung's previous generation Note 5 was not released in the UK, however the
Korean technology giant will bring its newest phablet to Britain due to customer
demand - naming it the 7 to bring it in line with their flagship smartphones,
the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge that were released earlier this year.

The new device is also set to be the first major smartphone to support High
Dynamic Range (HDR) video streaming - a higher quality image that increases the
contrast between light and dark to offer more detailed images on-screen.

The device will also come with a dual edge display and be available in three
colours - black, silver and blue - when it goes on-sale in the coming weeks.

Samsung also revealed a new version of its Gear VR virtual reality headset to go
with the Note 7, which has been given a streamlined design as well as an
increased viewing range.

The technology giant said there were now one million virtual reality users
globally, with 500,000 using its Gear VR headset.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             963 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         The Evening Standard (London)

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

new reality samsung profits to surge

BYLINE: Jamie Nimmo

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 47

LENGTH: 194 words


SAMSUNG forecast a 10% rise in firstquarter profits indicating a sharp
turnaround in its fortunes and suggesting strong sales of its new Galaxy S7
smartphone.

The Korean group, which is the world's biggest smartphone maker by sales, said
operating profit for the first three months of this year would be around 6.6
trillion won (£4 billion), up from six trillion won in the same quarter last
year. More importantly, the group managed to reverse the decline in quarterly
profits, which slumped to 6.1 trillion won in the final few months of last year.

It is a boost for Samsung, which has been battling Apple's premium dominance and
global expansions by Chinese firms Xiaomi and Huawei, which launched its new P9
smartphone range yesterday in Battersea.

"The initial figures for the Galaxy S7 look to have been much stronger than the
Galaxy S6 mainly as a result of its lower price," Edison Investment Research
analyst Richard Windsor said.

Samsung unveiled its new phone at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona in
February, along with plans for its first virtual reality camera. Samsung's Gear
VR headset is powered by software made by Facebook-owned Oculus.

Jamie Nimmo

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bare necessity: Katherine McNamara tries the Gear VR at the Jungle Book
premiere

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EST


                   Copyright 2016 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             964 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            i-Independent Print Ltd

                               February 22, 2016
                                 First Edition

First Look Smartphone enters a new dimension with virtual-reality video camera

BYLINE: Samsung Galaxy S7 SMARTPHONE REVIEW

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 294 words


Samsung's new Galaxy S7 smartphone models had the show stolen from them at their
launch last night at the opening of the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, when
the company revealed a golf-ball-like camera that could change how we make and
view home videos, bringing Virtual Reality (VR) to the masses.

The modest-looking Gear 360 is a small, spherical video camera with two fisheye
lenses facing in opposite directions.

The two lenses capture video simultaneously, which is transmitted wirelessly to
a phone, where software knits the two feeds together into one wraparound movie.

The Gear 360, Samsung hopes, will revolutionise the burgeoning VR industry. It
is banking on holiday videos becoming more appealing if you can see the sea
behind you and the beach in front, just by turning your face while looking at
the footage using another clever accessory. Some VR systems, like the
soon-to-bereleased Oculus Rift, require a high-end computer attached, but the
Samsung Gear VR headset eradicates this by relying on the Galaxy phone and
high-resolution screen quality to make it work. The phone simply slots into the
contraption to become the screen.

The company showed off the technology with footage of skiing - offering the
choice of scanning the terrain ahead or the sportsperson preparing to set off.

Closer to home, it will be straightforward to shoot a cycle ride with more
coverage than a GoPro camera can currently offer, or film a gig and really feel
like you're in the audience.

This year is being hailed as the moment VR will take off, and Samsung's camera
can only help with that, though it will need to be priced affordably to succeed.
At its best, VR is completely immersive, so the prospect of more personalised
content is appealing.

David Phelan in Barcelona

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: III


                    Copyright 2016 Independent Print Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             965 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday

Samsung India to launch entry-level smartphones with 4G facility

LENGTH: 277  words

DATELINE: Kolkata


Kolkata, Oct. 20 -- Samsung India Electronics will make all future launches,
including entry-level smart phones, with 4G facility and it expects to gain a
bigger market share on the back of the new launches, a top company official said
on Thursday.


 "There is huge conversion happening from feature phones to smart phones at the
entry level. This migration will continue. All the future launches, including
entry-level segment, will have 4G facilities and we will sell 4G devices. But at
the same time, there will be certain set of feature phones users because of
price points," said the Samsung's Vice President (Mobiles Business) Manu Sharma.

 He said the mobile maker has experienced growth in sales this year but declined
to give details of sales figures.
 "We expect that the company will gain its market share on the back of new
launches," he said on the sidelines of the launch of a new version of 'My
Galaxy' application.
 According to latest data, in the smart phone market, the mobile maker at
present has 48.7 per cent share in terms of value.
 Speaking on the the Galaxy Note 7, he confirmed that the company will refund
consumers who bought the smart phones outside the country. "They can go to our
service centre and get refunded," he said, adding that it did not sell the
device in India.
 In lieu of the Galaxy Note 7 pre-book offer, the company has offered Samsung
Galaxy S7/S7 Edge, he said.
 The application was developed by Indian team at company's research and
development institute in Bangalore. "It is a testimony to our passion for
innovation and localisation. India becomes the fourth largest app economy after
China, US and Brazil," Sharma added.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             966 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 smartphone shipment to be further delayed

LENGTH: 386  words

DATELINE: Seoul


Seoul, Sept. 2 -- Tech giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd said on Wednesday
shipments of the Galaxy Note 7 smartphone are being delayed as the firm conducts
additional quality control testing for the premium device.


 The firm also said Galaxy Note 7 shipments to South Korea's top three carriers
- SK Telecom Co Ltd, KT Corp and LG Uplus Corp - had been halted.
 "Shipments of the Galaxy Note 7 are being delayed due to additional tests being
conducted for product quality," Samsung said in a statement to Reuters.
 The firm did not elaborate on what potential problems it was testing for or
whether shipments to other countries were being affected. South Korean media
reports have said some users have claimed that the battery exploded.
 Quality control problems, if confirmed, could deal a major blow to the world's
top smartphone maker, which was counting on the Galaxy Note 7 to help maintain
sales momentum in the second half when competition is expected to intensify.
 The phone, which launched in South Korea and other markets on Aug. 19, retails
at 988,900 won ($887.23) in South Korea.
 Production problems for the curved displays for the Galaxy S6 edge phone
resulted in disappointing sales last year, and Samsung risks a repeat this year
if it cannot address the Galaxy Note 7 supply problems quickly. Rival Apple Inc
is expected to unveil its new phones next week.
 Hyundai Securities said in a report released on Thursday that the Galaxy Note
7's problems appeared to be related to modules or parts, and that such
"malfunctions" should be resolved quickly.
 "Such problems can be addressed by replacing parts and modules and changing the
design of circuits, so supply problems for the Galaxy Note 7 should ease within
a matter of few weeks," the brokerage said, retaining its third-quarter
operating profit forecast of 8.5 trillion won.
 It was not immediately clear when Galaxy Note 7 shipments to South Korean
carriers would resume.
 Samsung has said demand for the new phone is far exceeding demand, creating a
shortage and forcing it to push back the launch in some markets. The firm has
said it is utilising all possible means to boost production.
 Samsung's other premium smartphone models that launched in March, the Galaxy S7
and S7 edge, have been huge hits with customers and lifted earnings in the first
half.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             967 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                             July 7, 2016 Thursday

Huawei widens patent fight with new Samsung suit;
Firm also sues T-Mobile, a move that is likely to be aimed at boosting its
market influence

BYLINE: He Huifeng

SECTION: /EDITORIAL/CONTENT/SCMP/BUSINESS/GENERAL; biz news 01.pgl; Telecoms;
Pg.3

LENGTH: 503 words


Huawei Technologies, the mainland's largest telecommunications equipment
manufacturer, has widened the scope of its litigation over patents, targeting a
unit of Samsung Electronics on the mainland as well as mobile network operator
T-Mobile in the United States.


The two new lawsuits followed Huawei's decision in May to sue Samsung, the
world's biggest smartphone supplier, for alleged patent violations at the
District Court for the Northern District of California in San Francisco and at
the Intermediate People's Court in Shenzhen, where the privately held Chinese
company is based.


Mainland media reported on Wednesday that Huawei has filed a case against the
South Korean firm's domestic operation, Samsung (China) Investment, at the
Intermediate People's Court of Quanzhou in Fujian province.


Huawei has claimed 80 million yuan (HK$93 million) in compensation for violation
of its patents on mobile terminals and display-related processing methods used
on a range of Samsung smartphone models, including the Galaxy S7, the Galaxy S7
edge and the Galaxy J5, according to online news site qzwb.com

Huawei is prepared to grant licenses to its essential patents on fair,
reasonable, and non-discriminatory termsHuawei statement

Those smartphones were reportedly assembled at Samsung's factories in Huizhou
and Tianjin.


The two previous lawsuits filed by Huawei against Samsung covered the violation
of 11 patents on 4G mobile-related technology and certain software used on
Samsung's smartphones.


Roland Sladek, a spokesman for Huawei, previously said the company remained open
to resolving its patent disputes with Samsung through negotiations.


"We may counter-sue," Ahn Seong-ho, Samsung's intellectual property chief, told
the Korea ­Herald in May.


The patent dispute against Nasdaq-traded T-Mobile was filed by Huawei at the US
District Court for the Eastern District of Texas in the city of Tyler.


Huawei said it started licensing discussions in 2014 with T-Mobile, covering
about 14 of its 4G patents.


"Huawei is prepared to grant licences to its essential patents on fair,
reasonable, and non-discriminatory terms," the company said in a statement.


"Huawei believes it has already offered exactly such terms to T-Mobile, but
T-Mobile has stated that it does not believe that Huawei's offer meets the
requirements of a FRAND offer."


Yan Zhanmeng, a senior analyst at research firm Counterpoint Research, said it
was too early to determine if Huawei could win all the cases it has filed.


"But the lawsuits would definitely help build up Huawei's influence in the
high-end smartphone market," Yan said.


"It does not matter if Huawei wins or not, the strategy is to get the market to
directly compare its products with Samsung's high-end devices."


Apple has started paying patent fees to Huawei worth hundreds of millions of
dollars annually, according to media reports citing the Guangdong Intellectual
Property Office.


Huawei licensed 769 patents to Apple last year and as part of their deal, Apple
licensed 98 patents to Huawei.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             968 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

Xiaomi unveils Snapdragon 821-powered Mi 5s, Mi 5s Plus

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 27 -- Zee Media Bureau
 After many leaks and speculations, [#x200b]Xiaomi Mi 5 was unveiled in Beijing
today.
 The Xiaomi Mi 5s is features all metal body-powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon
821. The 821 betters experience over Snapdragon 820, and is engineered to
deliver faster speed, improved power saving and greater application performance.


 Currently, Snapdragon 820 powers some of the most advanced, feature rich
smartphones today, including the Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge, Mi5, LG G5,
Sony Experia X Performance etc.
 Along with Mi 5s, Mi 5s Plus was also unveiled which comes with two camera
sensors on the back.
 Xiaomi Mi5s looks more like Mi5, but it's not made of metal and glass, and
sports an all-metal build.
 Xiaomi Mi 5s specifications:
 CPU: 2.15 GHz Snapdragon 821 quad-core processor
 RAM: 3/4 GB LPDDR4
 GPU: Adreno 530
 Operating System: MIUI 8 based on Android 6.0 Marshmallow
 Display: 5.15-inch Full-HD (1920 x 1080 pixels) display with 600-nits
brightness
 Rear Camera: 12 MP with dual-tone LED flash, Sony IMX378 sensor, PDAF, f/2.0
aperture
 Front Camera: 4 MP
 Internal Storage: 64/128 GB UFS 2.0
 Connectivity: 4G, GPS, Bluetooth, Wi-FI, NFC
 Colors: Silver, Dark Grey, Gold, Rose Gold
 Other: Ultrasonic fingerprint scanner, Dual SIM (Nano + Nano), USB Type-c
 Battery: 3200 mAh with Quick Charge 3.0
 Talking about the price, the 3 GB RAM variant is priced at Yen 1999 (around
$300 or Rs 20,000) whereas the 4 GB RAM variant comes with a price tag of Yen
2299 (around $345 or Rs 23,000).
 Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus specifications:
 Display: Sports a 5.7-inch QHD display
 RAM: 4GB / 6GB of RAM and
 Internal storage: 64GB / 128GB
 Processor: This handset is fueled by the Snapdragon 821 64-bit quad-core
processor as well, and the Adreno 530 is here for graphics processing.
 Body: This is an all-metal device as well
 Camera: Features two cameras on the back, two 13-megapixel snappers.
 Finer Print Scanner: The device comes with a rear-facing fingerprint scanner,
and features three capacitive buttons below the display.
 OS: Android 6.0 Marshmallow comes pre-installed on both of these phones, and
the company's MIUI 8 OS is placed on top of Google's OS.
 Colour: The Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus, comes in Pink, Gold and Silver color variants.
 Price: The 4GB RAM model of this phablet costs 2,299 Yuan or $345/ Rs 22,900,
while the 6GB RAM variant comes in at 2,599 Yuan or $390/ Rs 26,000.
 One can register for the first flash sale on September 29th if you live in
China, on Xiaomi's official website, as well as Jingdong Mall

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             969 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           September 3, 2016 Saturday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

Millions of Samsung phones recalled over exploding batteries

BYLINE: James Dean

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 390 words


Millions of Galaxy Note 7 smartphones have been recalled by Samsung after dozens
were reported to have exploded.

Samsung blamed an issue with the phone's battery for causing at least 35 of its
newest handsets to catch fire and melt while they were being recharged.

Photographs of warped and blackened Galaxy Note 7s began to be posted on social
media after the device was introduced last month. It was due to be launched in
Britain yesterday but Samsung has suspended sales across the world.

The recall comes at an unfortunate time for Samsung with Apple, its closest
rival, due to unveil its new iPhone on Wednesday evening next week.

Koh Dong-Jin, head of Samsung's mobile business, said: "We are deeply sorry for
causing concern ... and causing inconvenience among our users." At a press
conference in South Korea yesterday Mr Koh declined to say how much the recall
would cost but said that it would be "a big amount that is heartbreaking". He
said that the issue affected about 24 devices in a million.

The Note 7 is larger than a typical smartphone but smaller than a tablet and has
received positive reviews. Samsung has shipped more than 2.5 million of them
across the world. Samsung's Galaxy S7 smartphone is the most popular in the
world, ahead of the iPhone 6. The Galaxy S7 is not involved in the recall.

Like most smartphones, the Note 7 is powered by a lithium ion battery, which can
catch fire if it is damaged or has a manufacturing defect. Samsung did not
elaborate on the battery issue but said that Galaxy Note 7s sold in China were
not affected.

The company said: "In response to recently reported cases of the new Galaxy Note
7, we conducted a thorough investigation and found a battery cell issue. As of
September 1 there have been 35 cases that have been reported globally and we are
currently conducting a thorough inspection with our suppliers to identify
possible affected batteries in the market. However, because our customers'
safety is an absolute priority at Samsung, we have stopped sales of the Galaxy
Note 7."

Samsung said that customers who owned a Note 7 would be given a free replacement
in the coming weeks.

Lee Jang-Gyoon, an analyst at the Hyundai Research Institute, said: "Samsung
released the Note 7 early to secure a leading position in the market in advance
but now the impact of the move will be blunted."

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2016 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             970 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Samsung unveils new products at mobile conference in Spain

SECTION: PHOTOS

LENGTH: 58 words


Samsung Electronics Co Ltd released a batch of new products during the Mobile
World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, on Sunday, including the newest additions to
the Galaxy family of products, Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge and the
Samsung Gear VR device.

Mark Zuckerberg, founder of Facebook, attended the unveiling ceremony and
delivered a speech.


LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                             971 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             June 8, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung Galaxy S8 likely to come with 4K UHD display

LENGTH: 376 words


Samsung Electronics' next flagship smartphone, tentatively dubbed Galaxy S8, is
likely to come with a 5.5-inch, 4K UHD display, a market research firm said
Wednesday.

The Korean tech giant would become the first smartphone-maker to pack 4K
resolution into its flagship smartphone, even though Sony last year released the
Z5 Premium with such a panel.

Samsung Electronics' flagship Galaxy smartphone models. (UBI Research)

"Samsung Display showcased a 5.5 ultra-high definition 4K display with a pixel
density of 806 ppi for virtual reality devices at the Society for Information
Display, a display trade show, in California in March," said an official of UBI
Research.

"Considering various factors including the production yield rate for the
next-generation display expected to improve in the coming months, the 5.5-inch
AMOLED will be deployed in the next Galaxy smartphone, presumably, named the
S8."

According to the research firm, the first Galaxy smartphone model, released in
March 2010, featured a 4-inch active-matrix organic light-emitting diode
display. AMOLED is a type of the OLED panel that Samsung utilizes for its
smartphone.

The display size of the Galaxy lineup increased by around 30 percent to 5.5
inches since the first Galaxy model, according to the report released by
Ubiresearch, a Seoul-based market research firm, on Wednesday.

The picture resolution of the Galaxy lineup has improved 9.6 times from wide VGA
(480X800) to QHD (1440X2560).

The Galaxy S7 edge released in March 2016 sports a 5.5-inch curved AMOLED
display which boasts the QHD display

The market research firm forecast that smartphones with a 5-inch display or
larger will take up around 71 percent of the entire smartphone lineup of the
firm, and the upward trend in terms of picture resolution and display size will
pick up pace.

Samsung has introduced new displays with better picture quality every two years
-- a HD display for the S3, a full HD display for the S4 and S5, and a QHD for
the S6 and S7.

The 4K display is considered important especially in the VR sector as major
smartphone firms and VR gadget makers need to provide better VR experience for
users than now.

Many VR headsets, including the Samsung Gear VR, need to be paired with
smartphones.

By Kim Young-won (

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             972 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Delhi Edition

Has Samsung Blown It ?

BYLINE: delshad irani

SECTION: BRAND EQUITY

LENGTH: 1179 words


Following weeks of reports of exploding S a m su n g Ga l a x y Note 7 phablets,
con cerned parents are asking their kids, \x93You have a Samsung phone na?
Please be careful, beta.They're exploding!\x93 As if every Samsung mobile device
has turned into a highly unstable nuclear warhead with a fast degenerating
plutonium core. Some people are seeing phantom smoke come out of Samsung washing
machines even.Airlines and pilots are asking passengers to turn off Note 7
devices, calling out the brand by name in a never-seen-before move.

Last week, TechCrunch's John Biggs wondered, \x93Could this be the end of
Samsung's smartphone reign?\x93 It can't get worse, right? And yet, over at
Cnet, Chris Matyszczyk made the unkindest comparison of

all: \x93Samsung or Trump: Which brand is in bigger trouble?\x93 He wrote,
\x93When the mighty fall, they don't always know how to react. After all,
they're mighty. Falling is for lesser sorts. Yet the last couple of weeks have
seen two famous brands fall into disrepute by their own hands. Careless hands,
small hands.\x93

Samsung's Note 7 debacle is being billed as one of the worst disasters in tech
history.Analysts have calculated the total cost of a permanent

end to its \x93combustible\x93 flagship product's sales and it doesn't look
pretty. A cost of $17 bil

lion never does.

An unintentional roast Before the first Note 7 turned into an explosive device,
though, it was hailed as the ultimate victory for the South Korean electronics
giant. At launch, in Samsung's home market,

over 200,000 units were pre-ordered in 2 days. Every Note 7 review was a slap in
the face of Apple fanboys

and gals everywhere. Even now, despite a steady stream of reports and pictures
of cooked phablets, and Samsung officially killing

the Note category, some users and loyalists refuse to give up their devices.

Reasons vary from its supe rior capabili ties to replace

ment hassles. Sample this from Josh Dickey, entertainment editor at Mashable
(@JLDlite): \x93I am keeping my Samsung Galazy (sic) Note 7.

The ORIGINAL one.\x93

Dickey's piece on why he won't abandon the \x93ticking time-bomb\x93 'My Ga la
xy Note7 i s s t i l l s a fer t h a n my c a r. I ' m ke e p ing it' comes with
this disclaimer though; \x93 M a s h a bl e d o e s n o t

condone keeping your Galaxy Note7, a n d

in fact has recommended strongly against it. This viewpoint is the author's
alone, and his judgment is obviously questionable.\x93

There's certainly no dearth of \x93shame on you for still using Note 7\x93
messages. Samsung's shame, now, users' must bear too. Power down or bugger off,
dear irresponsible user.

'Next is what'?

\x93Clearly this is an unprecedented (and unanticipated) incident,\x93 says Manu
Sharma, vice president, mobile business, Samsung India.\x93Despite that across
the world teams have worked together fast and efficiently to announce to the
world and take the bold decision to have this kind of recall worldwide and not
launch product in India.

The main thing that we did was tell consumers that we care about them and we
don't want

them to have a device that undermines their safety.

That's the first message we passed on to consum ers. The second thing we did was
apprise them of the situation and how Samsung was trying to find the root cause
of the problem. And then we announced that in the interest

of consumer safety the prod uct and sale of Note 7 would be stopped globally.
While in India we decided to not sell it anyway until we were absolutely sure we
were giving a safe product to consumers.\x93

Samsung's Sharma admits that lasting damage to the brand is a concern, and
gaining back consumer trust is top priority. \x93While Note category in India is
not that large. But for us it's very important that each and ev

ery consumer, even people who don't own Note devices but some other Samsung
device is absolutely sure that Samsung would work in their best

interest and build the best products for them. We'll do everything possible to
gain their trust, and we'll come back with a very solid plan for them on the S7
and S7 Edge product.\x93

Finding its edge

The one thing that could prove to be Samsung's saving grace M at yszcz yk poi nt
s to i n hi s piece on Samsung and Trump: \x93Samsung's debacle is out of
character. Trump's is totally Trump.\x93

A fact competition is quick to acknowledge. Shubhodip Pal, COO, Yu Mobile (a
subsidiary of Micromax), believes Samsung will do just fine. He says the company
acted as a brave and responsible multinational. Besides, he suspects, most of
the negative sentiment surrounding the brand at the moment is perhaps led and
aggravated by users who aren't Samsung fans to begin with.

Karthik Srinivasan, national lead, Socia l@Og i lv y, however, is less

hopeful about Samsung's prospects. He believes, Samsung, ideally, ought to
abandon its old brands like Galaxy and Note. Because in

the minds of users the association with Galaxy Note 7's spectacular fall from
'the greatest phone on the

planet' to badly burnt toast might be a lasting one. A memory that will make
consumers of premium devices think twice before splurging '50,000 '60,000 on a
Samsung phone.

But that looks unlikely since in a global company statement last week

Samsung said, \x93Moving forward, Samsung Electronics plans to normalize its
mobile business by expanding sales of f lagship models such as the Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 edge.\x93

Srinivasan looks back at another large-scale recall from early 2007.Nokia, in a
fast-footed move, offered to replace 46 million faulty batteries. Though it did
nothing to change the brand's plummeting fortunes and eventual demise. (Nokia's
is not the most reassuring of tales, clearly.) Furthermore, we mustn't dismiss

social media's role in amplifying consumer sentiment and, in this case, fear,
within a short-span of time. 2007 was a simpler time. Samsung, says Srinivasan,
was too slow to act and gave users ample fodder to exercise their comedic chops
for weeks. Even the fireproof boxes Samsung sent to Note 7 owners to safely pack
the device have become the subject of ridicule and satirical unboxing videos,
usually reserved for unpacking new purchases by proud owners. Despite Samsung's
task forces' best efforts to address every concern on social media and keep
customers apprised of the situation, the meme machine was relentless.

Adding insult to injury is Google and its current ad blitz for Pixel, a phone
competing directly with Samsung's S7 range and Note, and iPhone 7. Next to Pixel
advertisements in major Indian dailies are ads for its cheaper Chinese brethren,
Huawei's Honor.

G oogle Pi xel, i Phone, OnePlus, Xiaomi, Huawei, and others, are well placed to
offer hesitant Samsung users suitable alternatives. While Samsung's marketing
machine will have to work doubly hard over the next few years to reassure old
and new customers of its top-end hardware that its phones won't explode in their
pockets or while watching Daenerys Targaryen's fire-breathing dragons roast
human beings, mid-flight.

The bottom line is, in a post \x93Explodegate\x93 world, Samsung's future looks
pixelated.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             973 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday
                                Kolkata Edition

Has Samsung Blown It ?

BYLINE: delshad irani

SECTION: BRAND EQUITY

LENGTH: 1179 words


Following weeks of reports of exploding S a m su n g Ga l a x y Note 7 phablets,
con cerned parents are asking their kids, \x93You have a Samsung phone na?
Please be careful, beta.They're exploding!\x93 As if every Samsung mobile device
has turned into a highly unstable nuclear warhead with a fast degenerating
plutonium core. Some people are seeing phantom smoke come out of Samsung washing
machines even.Airlines and pilots are asking passengers to turn off Note 7
devices, calling out the brand by name in a never-seen-before move.

Last week, TechCrunch's John Biggs wondered, \x93Could this be the end of
Samsung's smartphone reign?\x93 It can't get worse, right? And yet, over at
Cnet, Chris Matyszczyk made the unkindest comparison of

all: \x93Samsung or Trump: Which brand is in bigger trouble?\x93 He wrote,
\x93When the mighty fall, they don't always know how to react. After all,
they're mighty. Falling is for lesser sorts. Yet the last couple of weeks have
seen two famous brands fall into disrepute by their own hands. Careless hands,
small hands.\x93

Samsung's Note 7 debacle is being billed as one of the worst disasters in tech
history.Analysts have calculated the total cost of a permanent

end to its \x93combustible\x93 flagship product's sales and it doesn't look
pretty. A cost of $17 bil

lion never does.

An unintentional roast Before the first Note 7 turned into an explosive device,
though, it was hailed as the ultimate victory for the South Korean electronics
giant. At launch, in Samsung's home market,

over 200,000 units were pre-ordered in 2 days. Every Note 7 review was a slap in
the face of Apple fanboys

and gals everywhere. Even now, despite a steady stream of reports and pictures
of cooked phablets, and Samsung officially killing

the Note category, some users and loyalists refuse to give up their devices.

Reasons vary from its supe rior capabili ties to replace

ment hassles. Sample this from Josh Dickey, entertainment editor at Mashable
(@JLDlite): \x93I am keeping my Samsung Galazy (sic) Note 7.

The ORIGINAL one.\x93

Dickey's piece on why he won't abandon the \x93ticking time-bomb\x93 'My Ga la
xy Note7 i s s t i l l s a fer t h a n my c a r. I ' m ke e p ing it' comes with
this disclaimer though; \x93 M a s h a bl e d o e s n o t

condone keeping your Galaxy Note7, a n d

in fact has recommended strongly against it. This viewpoint is the author's
alone, and his judgment is obviously questionable.\x93

There's certainly no dearth of \x93shame on you for still using Note 7\x93
messages. Samsung's shame, now, users' must bear too. Power down or bugger off,
dear irresponsible user.

'Next is what'?

\x93Clearly this is an unprecedented (and unanticipated) incident,\x93 says Manu
Sharma, vice president, mobile business, Samsung India.\x93Despite that across
the world teams have worked together fast and efficiently to announce to the
world and take the bold decision to have this kind of recall worldwide and not
launch product in India.

The main thing that we did was tell consumers that we care about them and we
don't want

them to have a device that undermines their safety.

That's the first message we passed on to consum ers. The second thing we did was
apprise them of the situation and how Samsung was trying to find the root cause
of the problem. And then we announced that in the interest

of consumer safety the prod uct and sale of Note 7 would be stopped globally.
While in India we decided to not sell it anyway until we were absolutely sure we
were giving a safe product to consumers.\x93

Samsung's Sharma admits that lasting damage to the brand is a concern, and
gaining back consumer trust is top priority. \x93While Note category in India is
not that large. But for us it's very important that each and ev

ery consumer, even people who don't own Note devices but some other Samsung
device is absolutely sure that Samsung would work in their best

interest and build the best products for them. We'll do everything possible to
gain their trust, and we'll come back with a very solid plan for them on the S7
and S7 Edge product.\x93

Finding its edge

The one thing that could prove to be Samsung's saving grace M at yszcz yk poi nt
s to i n hi s piece on Samsung and Trump: \x93Samsung's debacle is out of
character. Trump's is totally Trump.\x93

A fact competition is quick to acknowledge. Shubhodip Pal, COO, Yu Mobile (a
subsidiary of Micromax), believes Samsung will do just fine. He says the company
acted as a brave and responsible multinational. Besides, he suspects, most of
the negative sentiment surrounding the brand at the moment is perhaps led and
aggravated by users who aren't Samsung fans to begin with.

Karthik Srinivasan, national lead, Socia l@Og i lv y, however, is less

hopeful about Samsung's prospects. He believes, Samsung, ideally, ought to
abandon its old brands like Galaxy and Note. Because in

the minds of users the association with Galaxy Note 7's spectacular fall from
'the greatest phone on the

planet' to badly burnt toast might be a lasting one. A memory that will make
consumers of premium devices think twice before splurging '50,000 '60,000 on a
Samsung phone.

But that looks unlikely since in a global company statement last week

Samsung said, \x93Moving forward, Samsung Electronics plans to normalize its
mobile business by expanding sales of f lagship models such as the Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 edge.\x93

Srinivasan looks back at another large-scale recall from early 2007.Nokia, in a
fast-footed move, offered to replace 46 million faulty batteries. Though it did
nothing to change the brand's plummeting fortunes and eventual demise. (Nokia's
is not the most reassuring of tales, clearly.) Furthermore, we mustn't dismiss

social media's role in amplifying consumer sentiment and, in this case, fear,
within a short-span of time. 2007 was a simpler time. Samsung, says Srinivasan,
was too slow to act and gave users ample fodder to exercise their comedic chops
for weeks. Even the fireproof boxes Samsung sent to Note 7 owners to safely pack
the device have become the subject of ridicule and satirical unboxing videos,
usually reserved for unpacking new purchases by proud owners. Despite Samsung's
task forces' best efforts to address every concern on social media and keep
customers apprised of the situation, the meme machine was relentless.

Adding insult to injury is Google and its current ad blitz for Pixel, a phone
competing directly with Samsung's S7 range and Note, and iPhone 7. Next to Pixel
advertisements in major Indian dailies are ads for its cheaper Chinese brethren,
Huawei's Honor.

G oogle Pi xel, i Phone, OnePlus, Xiaomi, Huawei, and others, are well placed to
offer hesitant Samsung users suitable alternatives. While Samsung's marketing
machine will have to work doubly hard over the next few years to reassure old
and new customers of its top-end hardware that its phones won't explode in their
pockets or while watching Daenerys Targaryen's fire-breathing dragons roast
human beings, mid-flight.

The bottom line is, in a post \x93Explodegate\x93 world, Samsung's future looks
pixelated.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             974 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Has Samsung Blown It ?

BYLINE: delshad irani

SECTION: BRAND EQUITY

LENGTH: 1179 words


Following weeks of reports of exploding S a m su n g Ga l a x y Note 7 phablets,
con cerned parents are asking their kids, \x93You have a Samsung phone na?
Please be careful, beta.They're exploding!\x93 As if every Samsung mobile device
has turned into a highly unstable nuclear warhead with a fast degenerating
plutonium core. Some people are seeing phantom smoke come out of Samsung washing
machines even.Airlines and pilots are asking passengers to turn off Note 7
devices, calling out the brand by name in a never-seen-before move.

Last week, TechCrunch's John Biggs wondered, \x93Could this be the end of
Samsung's smartphone reign?\x93 It can't get worse, right? And yet, over at
Cnet, Chris Matyszczyk made the unkindest comparison of

all: \x93Samsung or Trump: Which brand is in bigger trouble?\x93 He wrote,
\x93When the mighty fall, they don't always know how to react. After all,
they're mighty. Falling is for lesser sorts. Yet the last couple of weeks have
seen two famous brands fall into disrepute by their own hands. Careless hands,
small hands.\x93

Samsung's Note 7 debacle is being billed as one of the worst disasters in tech
history.Analysts have calculated the total cost of a permanent

end to its \x93combustible\x93 flagship product's sales and it doesn't look
pretty. A cost of $17 bil

lion never does.

An unintentional roast Before the first Note 7 turned into an explosive device,
though, it was hailed as the ultimate victory for the South Korean electronics
giant. At launch, in Samsung's home market,

over 200,000 units were pre-ordered in 2 days. Every Note 7 review was a slap in
the face of Apple fanboys

and gals everywhere. Even now, despite a steady stream of reports and pictures
of cooked phablets, and Samsung officially killing

the Note category, some users and loyalists refuse to give up their devices.

Reasons vary from its supe rior capabili ties to replace

ment hassles. Sample this from Josh Dickey, entertainment editor at Mashable
(@JLDlite): \x93I am keeping my Samsung Galazy (sic) Note 7.

The ORIGINAL one.\x93

Dickey's piece on why he won't abandon the \x93ticking time-bomb\x93 'My Ga la
xy Note7 i s s t i l l s a fer t h a n my c a r. I ' m ke e p ing it' comes with
this disclaimer though; \x93 M a s h a bl e d o e s n o t

condone keeping your Galaxy Note7, a n d

in fact has recommended strongly against it. This viewpoint is the author's
alone, and his judgment is obviously questionable.\x93

There's certainly no dearth of \x93shame on you for still using Note 7\x93
messages. Samsung's shame, now, users' must bear too. Power down or bugger off,
dear irresponsible user.

'Next is what'?

\x93Clearly this is an unprecedented (and unanticipated) incident,\x93 says Manu
Sharma, vice president, mobile business, Samsung India.\x93Despite that across
the world teams have worked together fast and efficiently to announce to the
world and take the bold decision to have this kind of recall worldwide and not
launch product in India.

The main thing that we did was tell consumers that we care about them and we
don't want

them to have a device that undermines their safety.

That's the first message we passed on to consum ers. The second thing we did was
apprise them of the situation and how Samsung was trying to find the root cause
of the problem. And then we announced that in the interest

of consumer safety the prod uct and sale of Note 7 would be stopped globally.
While in India we decided to not sell it anyway until we were absolutely sure we
were giving a safe product to consumers.\x93

Samsung's Sharma admits that lasting damage to the brand is a concern, and
gaining back consumer trust is top priority. \x93While Note category in India is
not that large. But for us it's very important that each and ev

ery consumer, even people who don't own Note devices but some other Samsung
device is absolutely sure that Samsung would work in their best

interest and build the best products for them. We'll do everything possible to
gain their trust, and we'll come back with a very solid plan for them on the S7
and S7 Edge product.\x93

Finding its edge

The one thing that could prove to be Samsung's saving grace M at yszcz yk poi nt
s to i n hi s piece on Samsung and Trump: \x93Samsung's debacle is out of
character. Trump's is totally Trump.\x93

A fact competition is quick to acknowledge. Shubhodip Pal, COO, Yu Mobile (a
subsidiary of Micromax), believes Samsung will do just fine. He says the company
acted as a brave and responsible multinational. Besides, he suspects, most of
the negative sentiment surrounding the brand at the moment is perhaps led and
aggravated by users who aren't Samsung fans to begin with.

Karthik Srinivasan, national lead, Socia l@Og i lv y, however, is less

hopeful about Samsung's prospects. He believes, Samsung, ideally, ought to
abandon its old brands like Galaxy and Note. Because in

the minds of users the association with Galaxy Note 7's spectacular fall from
'the greatest phone on the

planet' to badly burnt toast might be a lasting one. A memory that will make
consumers of premium devices think twice before splurging '50,000 '60,000 on a
Samsung phone.

But that looks unlikely since in a global company statement last week

Samsung said, \x93Moving forward, Samsung Electronics plans to normalize its
mobile business by expanding sales of f lagship models such as the Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 edge.\x93

Srinivasan looks back at another large-scale recall from early 2007.Nokia, in a
fast-footed move, offered to replace 46 million faulty batteries. Though it did
nothing to change the brand's plummeting fortunes and eventual demise. (Nokia's
is not the most reassuring of tales, clearly.) Furthermore, we mustn't dismiss

social media's role in amplifying consumer sentiment and, in this case, fear,
within a short-span of time. 2007 was a simpler time. Samsung, says Srinivasan,
was too slow to act and gave users ample fodder to exercise their comedic chops
for weeks. Even the fireproof boxes Samsung sent to Note 7 owners to safely pack
the device have become the subject of ridicule and satirical unboxing videos,
usually reserved for unpacking new purchases by proud owners. Despite Samsung's
task forces' best efforts to address every concern on social media and keep
customers apprised of the situation, the meme machine was relentless.

Adding insult to injury is Google and its current ad blitz for Pixel, a phone
competing directly with Samsung's S7 range and Note, and iPhone 7. Next to Pixel
advertisements in major Indian dailies are ads for its cheaper Chinese brethren,
Huawei's Honor.

G oogle Pi xel, i Phone, OnePlus, Xiaomi, Huawei, and others, are well placed to
offer hesitant Samsung users suitable alternatives. While Samsung's marketing
machine will have to work doubly hard over the next few years to reassure old
and new customers of its top-end hardware that its phones won't explode in their
pockets or while watching Daenerys Targaryen's fire-breathing dragons roast
human beings, mid-flight.

The bottom line is, in a post \x93Explodegate\x93 world, Samsung's future looks
pixelated.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             975 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday
                               Bangalore Edition

Has Samsung Blown It ?

BYLINE: delshad irani

SECTION: BRAND EQUITY

LENGTH: 1179 words


Following weeks of reports of exploding S a m su n g Ga l a x y Note 7 phablets,
con cerned parents are asking their kids, \x93You have a Samsung phone na?
Please be careful, beta.They're exploding!\x93 As if every Samsung mobile device
has turned into a highly unstable nuclear warhead with a fast degenerating
plutonium core. Some people are seeing phantom smoke come out of Samsung washing
machines even.Airlines and pilots are asking passengers to turn off Note 7
devices, calling out the brand by name in a never-seen-before move.

Last week, TechCrunch's John Biggs wondered, \x93Could this be the end of
Samsung's smartphone reign?\x93 It can't get worse, right? And yet, over at
Cnet, Chris Matyszczyk made the unkindest comparison of

all: \x93Samsung or Trump: Which brand is in bigger trouble?\x93 He wrote,
\x93When the mighty fall, they don't always know how to react. After all,
they're mighty. Falling is for lesser sorts. Yet the last couple of weeks have
seen two famous brands fall into disrepute by their own hands. Careless hands,
small hands.\x93

Samsung's Note 7 debacle is being billed as one of the worst disasters in tech
history.Analysts have calculated the total cost of a permanent

end to its \x93combustible\x93 flagship product's sales and it doesn't look
pretty. A cost of $17 bil

lion never does.

An unintentional roast Before the first Note 7 turned into an explosive device,
though, it was hailed as the ultimate victory for the South Korean electronics
giant. At launch, in Samsung's home market,

over 200,000 units were pre-ordered in 2 days. Every Note 7 review was a slap in
the face of Apple fanboys

and gals everywhere. Even now, despite a steady stream of reports and pictures
of cooked phablets, and Samsung officially killing

the Note category, some users and loyalists refuse to give up their devices.

Reasons vary from its supe rior capabili ties to replace

ment hassles. Sample this from Josh Dickey, entertainment editor at Mashable
(@JLDlite): \x93I am keeping my Samsung Galazy (sic) Note 7.

The ORIGINAL one.\x93

Dickey's piece on why he won't abandon the \x93ticking time-bomb\x93 'My Ga la
xy Note7 i s s t i l l s a fer t h a n my c a r. I ' m ke e p ing it' comes with
this disclaimer though; \x93 M a s h a bl e d o e s n o t

condone keeping your Galaxy Note7, a n d

in fact has recommended strongly against it. This viewpoint is the author's
alone, and his judgment is obviously questionable.\x93

There's certainly no dearth of \x93shame on you for still using Note 7\x93
messages. Samsung's shame, now, users' must bear too. Power down or bugger off,
dear irresponsible user.

'Next is what'?

\x93Clearly this is an unprecedented (and unanticipated) incident,\x93 says Manu
Sharma, vice president, mobile business, Samsung India.\x93Despite that across
the world teams have worked together fast and efficiently to announce to the
world and take the bold decision to have this kind of recall worldwide and not
launch product in India.

The main thing that we did was tell consumers that we care about them and we
don't want

them to have a device that undermines their safety.

That's the first message we passed on to consum ers. The second thing we did was
apprise them of the situation and how Samsung was trying to find the root cause
of the problem. And then we announced that in the interest

of consumer safety the prod uct and sale of Note 7 would be stopped globally.
While in India we decided to not sell it anyway until we were absolutely sure we
were giving a safe product to consumers.\x93

Samsung's Sharma admits that lasting damage to the brand is a concern, and
gaining back consumer trust is top priority. \x93While Note category in India is
not that large. But for us it's very important that each and ev

ery consumer, even people who don't own Note devices but some other Samsung
device is absolutely sure that Samsung would work in their best

interest and build the best products for them. We'll do everything possible to
gain their trust, and we'll come back with a very solid plan for them on the S7
and S7 Edge product.\x93

Finding its edge

The one thing that could prove to be Samsung's saving grace M at yszcz yk poi nt
s to i n hi s piece on Samsung and Trump: \x93Samsung's debacle is out of
character. Trump's is totally Trump.\x93

A fact competition is quick to acknowledge. Shubhodip Pal, COO, Yu Mobile (a
subsidiary of Micromax), believes Samsung will do just fine. He says the company
acted as a brave and responsible multinational. Besides, he suspects, most of
the negative sentiment surrounding the brand at the moment is perhaps led and
aggravated by users who aren't Samsung fans to begin with.

Karthik Srinivasan, national lead, Socia l@Og i lv y, however, is less

hopeful about Samsung's prospects. He believes, Samsung, ideally, ought to
abandon its old brands like Galaxy and Note. Because in

the minds of users the association with Galaxy Note 7's spectacular fall from
'the greatest phone on the

planet' to badly burnt toast might be a lasting one. A memory that will make
consumers of premium devices think twice before splurging '50,000 '60,000 on a
Samsung phone.

But that looks unlikely since in a global company statement last week

Samsung said, \x93Moving forward, Samsung Electronics plans to normalize its
mobile business by expanding sales of f lagship models such as the Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 edge.\x93

Srinivasan looks back at another large-scale recall from early 2007.Nokia, in a
fast-footed move, offered to replace 46 million faulty batteries. Though it did
nothing to change the brand's plummeting fortunes and eventual demise. (Nokia's
is not the most reassuring of tales, clearly.) Furthermore, we mustn't dismiss

social media's role in amplifying consumer sentiment and, in this case, fear,
within a short-span of time. 2007 was a simpler time. Samsung, says Srinivasan,
was too slow to act and gave users ample fodder to exercise their comedic chops
for weeks. Even the fireproof boxes Samsung sent to Note 7 owners to safely pack
the device have become the subject of ridicule and satirical unboxing videos,
usually reserved for unpacking new purchases by proud owners. Despite Samsung's
task forces' best efforts to address every concern on social media and keep
customers apprised of the situation, the meme machine was relentless.

Adding insult to injury is Google and its current ad blitz for Pixel, a phone
competing directly with Samsung's S7 range and Note, and iPhone 7. Next to Pixel
advertisements in major Indian dailies are ads for its cheaper Chinese brethren,
Huawei's Honor.

G oogle Pi xel, i Phone, OnePlus, Xiaomi, Huawei, and others, are well placed to
offer hesitant Samsung users suitable alternatives. While Samsung's marketing
machine will have to work doubly hard over the next few years to reassure old
and new customers of its top-end hardware that its phones won't explode in their
pockets or while watching Daenerys Targaryen's fire-breathing dragons roast
human beings, mid-flight.

The bottom line is, in a post \x93Explodegate\x93 world, Samsung's future looks
pixelated.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             976 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The National

                            October 11, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung finally dumps exploding Galaxy Note 7

BYLINE: John Everington

LENGTH: 599  words


John Everington

ABU DHABI // Samsung on Tuesday permanently scrapped its Galaxy Note 7
smartphone.

The Korean manufacturer halted production after a recall of 2.5 million handsets
failed to draw a line under a battery problem that caused them to catch fire and
explode.

The phone was withdrawn "for the benefit of consumers' safety", the company
said.

Earlier Samsung launched a "further investigation" into the Note 7's problems,
suspended it from sale and asked users to power down their devices. The
announcement sent its shares into freefall and wiped $17 billion from the
company's value.

Big retailers such as Sharaf DG, Jumbo Electronics, Plug Ins and E-City all
pulled the handset from shelves on Tuesday, although it was still on sale at
independent outlets, including small retailers on Defence Road in Abu Dhabi.

Retailers referred customers to Samsung for refunds. The company has not
announced a returns policy. Samsung Gulf declined to comment.

Samsung released the 5.7 inch Note 7 in mid-August to glowing reviews:
influential tech website The Verge described it as the company's "best phone
ever".

But serious problems emerged within days as users reported their devices
emitting smoke, exploding and catching fire. Airlines, including Emirates, urged
passengers not to charge their devices on a plane.

Samsung announced a recall of 2.5 million Note 7 handsets, and on October 1 they
resumed sales of devices deemed safe.

In the past week, however, several supposedly safe devices have caught fire, and
one such incident forced the evacuation of a Southwest Airline plane in the US,
leading the company to finally call time on the device.

Credit Suisse on Tuesday estimated the discontinuing of the Note 7 could cost
the company up to $17 billion in sales.

But retailers say the withdrawal of the handset is unlikely to hurt sales of
other high-end Samsung devices such as the Galaxy S7 Edge.

"Samsung's brand is still very strong, and other devices like the S7 Edge are
still very popular and still sell very well," said Ashish Panjabi, chief
operating officer of Jacky's Electronics. "While the brand equity of the Note
series may be dented, that isn't the case with the flagship S series."

Nilesh Khalko, chief executive of Sharaf DG, expected Samsung customers to
remain loyal and for the company to overcome the blow to its reputation.

"Many brands in the past have faced issues with recalls and product failures,
but the best brands have always worked quickly to find solutions to win back
their customers' confidence," he said. "Samsung may face a temporary slowdown in
sales of their phones, but I'm confident they will bounce back stronger in the
future.

"All our customer care desks and service centres are ready to help out customers
who bring in their devices."

Junaid Akram, a Samsung phone user who works for an engineering company in
Sharjah, said: "They were obviously trying to improve their product by adding
battery life, it backfired. But this is the way humans progress."

Mr Akran, a Samsung mobile user for the past seven years, bought an S7 Edge two
days ago despite the recall of the Note 7.

"Trying and failing is better than failing to try and when you are trying to
improve quality, it sometimes works, but sometimes it does not. I would still
buy Samsung and I got myself an S7 Edge.

"Of course safety comes first, but they have been great in terms of innovation
and ideas so I'm willing to give them some leeway. I will not backtrack just
because of one mishap. You don't break up a relationship like this, you wouldn't
do it even with people."

jeverington@thenational.ae

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 818


                     Copyright 2016 Abu Dhabi Media Company
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             977 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

Some of the best deals seen at the Emax stalls during GITEX Shopper 2016

LENGTH: 336  words


Emax Electronics decided to simplify their deals and offers by just having
amazing deals, without any raffles or lucky draws. Some of these deals are so
good, that you can not let them pass. Here are some of the top deals we saw at
the Emax stalls.

Samsung Galaxy Note 5

While everyone else is running behind the S7 and the S7 Edge, its quite easy to
forget about the Samsung Galaxy Note 5. Although its a bit old, this 5.7 inch
Android phone can still stand up to some of the best Android phones in the
market. You can get it at Emax for AED 2399 and also get AED 500 off any flight
ticket bought on musafir.com.

Lenovo Yoga Tab 2

One of the best tablets available in the market, this 8 inch tablet comes with
16 GB memory as well as LTE capabilities. With an exclusive deal from Emax, you
can get the Lenovo Yoga Tab 2 for AED 999 which also includes a 1TB HDD and a
wireless headset worth AED 299 and AED 79 each.

GoPro Hero 4 Silver Edition Action Camera

This one is for all you adventure lovers out there. The GoPro Hero 4 Silver
Edition is capable of taking videos at Full HD with its 12MP lens. For just AED
1799, you also get an external screen, a remote control, a tripod and a KEF M500
Headphone.

Samsung Gear S2 Classic

If you are looking for a smartwatch, then why not go for the Samsung Gear S2
Classic? The more classier looking version of the Samsung Gear S2 is now
available for AED 999, which also includes a pair of Urbanears headphones worth
AED 299.

Nikon DSLR D7000

For those of you gettting into professional photography, here is a great deal.
You can get the Nikon D7000 for AED 2799, which was originally priced at AED
3299. Additionally, you can also get a Nikon 70 - 300mm lens, Nilox Action
Camera, a MagicStar Karaoke set, an 8GB card, carry case, Nikon care and 3 Nikon
School vouchers.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/65/146045999879.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/92/146046000072.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/68/146046000306.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/31/146046000589.png



LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             978 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             June 9, 2016 Thursday

Samsung Galaxy S8 likely to come with 4K UHD display

LENGTH: 378 words


Samsung Electronics' next flagship smartphone, tentatively dubbed Galaxy S8, is
likely to come with a 5.5-inch, 4K UHD display, a market research firm said
Wednesday.

The Korean tech giant would become the first smartphone-maker to pack 4K
resolution into its flagship smartphone, even though Sony last year released the
Z5 Premium with such a panel.

Samsung Electronics' flagship Galaxy smartphone models. (UBI Research)

"Samsung Display showcased a 5.5 ultra-high definition 4K display with a pixel
density of 806 ppi for virtual reality devices at the Society for Information
Display, a display trade show, in California in March," said an official of UBI
Research.

"Considering various factors including the production yield rate for the
next-generation display expected to improve in the coming months, the 5.5-inch
AMOLED will be deployed in the next Galaxy smartphone, presumably, named the
S8."

According to the research firm, the first Galaxy smartphone model, released in
March 2010, featured a 4-inch active-matrix organic light-emitting diode
display. AMOLED is a type of the OLED panel that Samsung utilizes for its
smartphone.

The display size of the Galaxy lineup increased by around 30 percent to 5.5
inches since the first Galaxy model, according to the report released by
Ubiresearch, a Seoul-based market research firm, on Wednesday.

The picture resolution of the Galaxy lineup has improved 9.6 times from wide VGA
(480X800) to QHD (1440X2560).

The Galaxy S7 edge released in March 2016 sports a 5.5-inch curved AMOLED
display which boasts the QHD display resolution.

The market research firm forecast that smartphones with a 5-inch display or
larger will take up around 71 percent of the entire smartphone lineup of the
firm, and the upward trend in terms of picture resolution and display size will
pick up pace.

Samsung has introduced new displays with better picture quality every two years
-- a HD display for the S3, a full HD display for the S4 and S5, and a QHD for
the S6 and S7.

The 4K display is considered important especially in the VR sector as major
smartphone firms and VR gadget makers need to provide better VR experience for
users than now.

Many VR headsets, including the Samsung Gear VR, need to be paired with
smartphones.

By Kim Young-won (

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             979 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Daily Examiner (Grafton, New South Wales)

                              July 29, 2016 Friday

Perfect companion

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 430  words



HIGHLIGHT: Samsung's Galaxy TabPro S is quite the game-changer


SAMSUNG is making some waves in the highly competitive tablet field.

Until recently Apple's iPad and iPad Pro have been seen as being easiest to use
with better apps and integration with other Apple devices.

But Samsung's Galaxy TabPro S is something of a game-changer.

This new device has arguably one of the best screens on the market and its
Microsoft Windows 10 operating system particularly appeals to business users.

Like Microsoft's own Surface Pro, the TabPro S is a well-designed, two-in-one
tablet format - a super portable laptop if you like.

Unlike the Surface though, the keyboard cover is included in the package,
offering more bang for your buck.

The 30cm amoled display delivers on its promise of richer, higher definition
viewing.

This is a tablet you could easily watch a movie on while lying in bed.

Samsung bills it as the ultimate mobile work and entertainment experience.

And it's not short of that mark.

It's only 6.3mm thick and weighs less than 700g, so it is a very easy travelling
companion.

The keyboard is not the best on the market - but it is certainly not the worst.

The keys are large, probably a little tightly spaced but more than functional
for bashing out reports, emails or even longer-form writing.

The keyboard cover has a Pogo pin that eliminates the need for pairing or
charging separately - something that is becoming pretty standard in your better
tablets these days.

One of the biggest selling points of the tablet is the quick battery charge
time.

It can be fully charged in as little as 2.5 hours and Samsung says it will
deliver up to 10.5 hours of battery life.

The Galaxy TabPro S uses an Intel Core M processor which has only 4.5W of power
consumption.

Samsung Flow lets your Galaxy S7 and Galaxy TabPro S work better together,
making it easier to switch between devices seamlessly. You log in using the
Galaxy S7 fingerprint reader and Near Field Connectivity and choose to receive
and reply directly to notifications from compatible applications through the
Galaxy TabPro S.

Pricing and availability

 Samsung Galaxy TabPro S Wi-Fi Windows 10 Home - RRP $14.99

Samsung Galaxy TabPro S Wi-Fi Windows 10 Pro - RRP $16.49

WANT A FREE SAMSUNG TABLET?

WE'RE offering a free Samsung Tab 3 Lite tablet when you sign up to a year's
subscription to unlimited access to our news site and e-newspaper, plus
unlimited access to The Daily Telegraph+, The Washington Post and TV streaming
service Presto. That's $450 of value for only $249. Head here:
www.dailyexaminer.com.au/tablet or phone 1300 361 604. But you'd better be quick
because the offer ends on Sunday.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EDE


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             980 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



          NewsMail and Rural Weekly (Wide Bay, Bundaberg, Queensland)

                             July 28, 2016 Thursday

Samsung Galaxy TabPro S a real game changer

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 443  words


SAMSUNG is making some waves in the highly competitive tablet field.

UNTIL recently Apple's iPad and iPad Pro have been seen as being easiest to use
with better apps and integration with other Apple devices.

But Samsung's Galaxy TabPro S is something of a game changer.

This new device has arguably one of the best screens on the market and its
Microsoft Windows 10 operating system particularly appeals to business users.

Like Microsoft's own Surface Pro, the TabPro S is a well-designed, two-in-one
tablet format - a super portable laptop if you like.

Unlike the Surface though, the keyboard cover is included in the package,
offering more bang for your buck.

The 30cm amoled display delivers on its promise of richer, higher definition
viewing.

This is a tablet you could easily watch a movie on while lying in bed.

Samsung bills it as the ultimate mobile work and entertainment experience.

And it's not short of that mark.

It's only 6.3mm thick and weighs less than 700g, so it is a very easy travelling
companion.

The keyboard is not the best on the market - but it is certainly not the worst.

The keys are large, probably a little tightly spaced but more than functional
for bashing out reports, emails or even longer form writing.

The keyboard cover has a Pogo pin that eliminates the need for pairing or
charging separately - something that is becoming pretty standard in your better
tablets these days.

One of the biggest selling points of the tablet is the quick battery charge
time.

It can be fully charged in as little as 2.5 hours and Samsung says it will
deliver up to 10.5 hours of battery life.

The Galaxy TabPro S uses an Intel Core M processor which has only 4.5W of power
consumption.

Samsung Flow lets your Galaxy S7 and Galaxy TabPro S work better together,
making it easier to switch between devices seamlessly. You log in using the
Galaxy S7 fingerprint reader and Near Field Connectivity and choose to receive
and reply directly to notifications from compatible applications through the
Galaxy TabPro S.

Pricing and availability

 Samsung Galaxy TabPro S Wi-Fi Windows 10 Home - RRP $1499

Samsung Galaxy TabPro S Wi-Fi Windows 10 Pro - RRP $1649

- MARK FURLER

how to score

Want a free Samsung tablet?

We're offering a free Samsung Tab 3 Lite tablet when you sign up to a year's
subscription to unlimited access to our news site and e-newspaper, plus
unlimited access to The Courier Mail+ in Qld or Daily Telegraph+ in NSW, The
Washington Post and TV streaming service Presto. That's $450 of value for only
$249. Click here http://www.news-

mail.com.au/subscriptions

/offer/tablet or phone 1300361604. But you'd better be quick because the offer
ends on Sunday.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BNM


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             981 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            March 10, 2016 Thursday

Samsung Pay Now Available for Wells Fargo Customers

LENGTH: 238 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 SAN FRANCISCO: Today Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (NYSE: WFC) customers may use a
Samsung mobile device to use Samsung Pay to conveniently make purchases at
magnetic stripe payment terminals as well as terminals set up for contactless
payments.


 Wells Fargo customers with a Samsung device &ndash; including the Galaxy S6, S6
edge, S6 edge+, S6 active, Note5, as well as the newly announced Galaxy S7 and
S7 edge&ndash; may pay at locations where they can swipe or tap their Wells
Fargo Debit and Credit Cards. All transactions are monitored with Wells Fargo
risk and fraud detection systems, and Wells Fargo Credit Cards and Debit Cards
are covered by Zero Liability protection*, which means customers are not
responsible if they promptly report unauthorized transactions.
 Samsung Pay has the capability to process payments at the register using Near
Field Communication (NFC) terminals, in addition to Samsung's proprietary
Magnetic Secure Transmission (MST) technology, which enables acceptance with
most existing magnetic stripe terminals.
 "We are thrilled today to participate in Samsung Pay, and to continue to
provide Wells Fargo customers with convenient mobile payment options," said Jim
Smith, head of Virtual Channels for Wells Fargo. "We want to satisfy our
customers' financial needs when, where and how they want, and allowing them to
pay from a mobile wallet with features like Samsung Pay helps us fulfill that
promise."

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             982 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     September 12, 2016 Monday 8:11 PM GMT

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 owners warned to stop using phones at risk of exploding;
Company recalled 2.5m phones last week following reports that some units had
caught on fire during or after charging, saying battery problems are responsible

BYLINE: Olivia Solon in San Francisco

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 385 words


Samsung has warned owners of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone to stop using the
device or exchange it urgently since it runs the risk of exploding.

The South Korean company recalled 2.5m phones last week following reports that
some units had caught fire during or after charging. One six-year-old from New
York was reportedly using a Galaxy Note 7 to watch videos on Saturday when it
burst into flames, causing burns to his body.

His grandmother Linda Lewis told the New York Post : "He doesn't want to see or
go near any phones. He's been crying to his mother."

Samsung has said that battery problems are responsible for the explosions but
that it cannot be sure at this stage which of the phones it has sold are
affected.

In a statement the company introduced a product exchange program that allows all
owners to trade their devices for a new one.

"We strongly advise all customers to use this exchange program because your
safety is our top priority. Additional sales and shipments of the affected
devices have been stopped, but if you already have a Galaxy Note 7, we strongly
advise that you replace it."

"Until a replacement device is provided, Samsung asks all customers with a
Galaxy Note 7 smartphone to power down your device and return it to its place of
purchase at your earliest opportunity," the statement added.

Users who don't follow Samsung's recommendations may find their device, which
only launched last month, remotely deactivated. Unconfirmed reports stemming
from a Reddit thread have suggested that Samsung will brick affected Note 7s
starting as soon as 30 September. Smartphones typically have a remote kill
switch to deter would-be thieves.

As a safety measure, airlines across the US started to warn passengers to avoid
switching on or charging their Note 7s during flights, in line with advice from
the Federal Aviation Authority.

Customers can trade their Galaxy Note 7 for a new version of the smartphone that
isn't faulty or they can choose a different model of smartphone, including the
Galaxy S7 and the Galaxy S7 Edge, and receive a refund for the price difference
between devices. To sweeten the inconvenience, Samsung is also issuing US
customers with a $25 gift card.

The company's share price has plummeted in response to the recall.

Samsung did not respond to requests for comment.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             983 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     September 12, 2016 Monday 8:11 PM GMT

Samsung warns Galaxy Note 7 owners to stop using phones at risk of exploding;
Company recalled 2.5m phones last week following reports that some units had
caught on fire during or after charging, saying battery problems are responsible

BYLINE: Olivia Solon in San Francisco

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 385 words


Samsung has warned owners of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone to stop using the
device or exchange it urgently since it runs the risk of exploding.

The South Korean company recalled 2.5m phones last week following reports that
some units had caught fire during or after charging. One six-year-old from New
York was reportedly using a Galaxy Note 7 to watch videos on Saturday when it
burst into flames, causing burns to his body.

His grandmother Linda Lewis told the New York Post : "He doesn't want to see or
go near any phones. He's been crying to his mother."

Samsung has said that battery problems are responsible for the explosions but
that it cannot be sure at this stage which of the phones it has sold are
affected.

In a statement the company introduced a product exchange program that allows all
owners to trade their devices for a new one.

"We strongly advise all customers to use this exchange program because your
safety is our top priority. Additional sales and shipments of the affected
devices have been stopped, but if you already have a Galaxy Note 7, we strongly
advise that you replace it."

"Until a replacement device is provided, Samsung asks all customers with a
Galaxy Note 7 smartphone to power down your device and return it to its place of
purchase at your earliest opportunity," the statement added.

Users who don't follow Samsung's recommendations may find their device, which
only launched last month, remotely deactivated. Unconfirmed reports stemming
from a Reddit thread have suggested that Samsung will brick affected Note 7s
starting as soon as 30 September. Smartphones typically have a remote kill
switch to deter would-be thieves.

As a safety measure, airlines across the US started to warn passengers to avoid
switching on or charging their Note 7s during flights, in line with advice from
the Federal Aviation Authority.

Customers can trade their Galaxy Note 7 for a new version of the smartphone that
isn't faulty or they can choose a different model of smartphone, including the
Galaxy S7 and the Galaxy S7 Edge, and receive a refund for the price difference
between devices. To sweeten the inconvenience, Samsung is also issuing US
customers with a $25 gift card.

The company's share price has plummeted in response to the recall.

Samsung did not respond to requests for comment.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             984 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                           September 1, 2016 Thursday

Samsung may recall Galaxy Note 7 due to explosion

BYLINE: By Kim Tae-gyu

LENGTH: 411 words


Since its launch last month, the Galaxy Note 7 has been touted as a
best-in-class device with such features as an iris scanner and an improved
stylus. But it may have critical flaws in safety following continued reports of
it exploding.

Samsung Electronics officials said Thursday that it stopped shipments of the new
phone this week and an investigation is underway to pinpoint the cause of
multiple explosions both at home and abroad.

'We have acquired the handsets, which our customers say burst into flames while
charging to identify the reason. We will come up with a fix as soon as the
investigation is finished,' an official said. 'We suspended the supply of the
phones earlier this week so as to double-check their safety.'

Experts say that Samsung may have to recall all phones already delivered to
customers, which would burden the company, although the official refused to talk
about this option.

After a report on the large-screen phone's explosion first came out last week, a
few similar cases were uploaded at the country's social networking service
sites.

Outside of the nation, an explosion appeared online last week in China - a
Galaxy Note 7 blew up while connected to a converter followed by identical
accidents in other countries.

Samsung refuses to confirm whether the chargers and converters at issue are the
firm's official adapters or third-party offerings, which is expected to affect
Samsung's decision.

If Samsung is forced to recall the models, it would weigh on the company's
bottom line as the Galaxy Note 7 is one of the tech giant's strategic devices
for 2016.

In March, Samsung introduced its Galaxy S7, which became a big hit across the
world. Its brisk sales buttressed the outfit's revenue for the first half.

As a result, the world's largest smartphone manufacturer saw its second-quarter
operating profit jump by more than 18 percent to 8.1 trillion won compared to
the same period in 2015.

Samsung expected that the Galaxy Note 7 would become a double cash cow together
with the Galaxy S7 because the former got off to a solid start with high
preorders.

In particular, it was hyped as an innovative model thanks to an embedded iris
scanner, which can work as a handy tool for verifying identity necessary for
such activities as financial transactions.

However, the explosion reports are feared to cast a chill on the handset's early
popularity as Samsung may be required to delay its global release in order to
troubleshoot the safety problem.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             985 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      October 14, 2016 Friday 9:53 AM GMT

Samsung warns of £4bn hit to profits from Galaxy Note 7 fallout;
Exploding phones take heavy toll on South Korean electronics firm, with safety
crisis expected to dent customer loyalty

BYLINE: Julia Kollewe

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 541 words


Samsung has issued its second profit warning this week after the withdrawal of
its Galaxy Note 7 phone, increasing the estimated cost of the recall to its
bottom line from £1.9bn to at least £4bn.

The South Korean electronics company said the crisis caused by the exploding
Note 7 smartphones would reduce profits by at least 3tn won (£2.2bn) in the six
months to the end of March. It hopes it can boost sales of its other flagship
handsets to cushion the impact.

The new profit warning comes just two days after the company slashed its
operating profit estimate for the third quarter by £1.9bn. It takes total losses
caused by the Note 7 fiasco to £4.1bn.

Related:  Samsung Galaxy Note 7 debacle blows £1.9bn hole in company profits

Analysts predict the Note 7 crisis could cost Samsung a lot more given the
damage to its brand, with estimates ranging from $10bn to $20bn.

Greg Roh, an analyst at HMC Investment Securities, said Samsung's latest
estimate "doesn't take into account the huge marketing costs for Samsung to win
back customer loyalty and to regain the trust of mobile carriers. It will have
to spend a lot of money to recover and much work has to be done."

The world's largest smartphone maker was forced to recall 2.5m Note 7 devices in
early September after users around the world reported flames and explosions
caused by overheating batteries.

It initially insisted that the replacement phones were safe, but after reports
that they were catching fire as well Samsung announced on Tuesday that it would
scrap the model entirely.

Samsung said: "Moving forward, Samsung Electronics plans to normalise its mobile
business by expanding sales of flagship models such as the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy
S7 edge." It also vowed to "focus on enhancing product safety for consumers by
making significant changes in its quality assurance processes".

The company blamed faulty batteries made by an unnamed supplier, widely believed
to be its sister company Samsung SDI. But experts believe the problem was caused
by the handset's underlying technology, and Samsung's decision to rush it out
before the latest iPhone launch.

The US recall and replacement programme for the Note 7 has begun after an
agreement was reached with the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC),
increasing the number of devices that could be returned to 1.9m.

Samsung claims only 96 handsets have been found to have caused damage or injury
owing to the faulty battery problem. Of those, 13 have caused injuries and burns
to people, and 47 have damaged property. There have also been accounts of the
smartphones smouldering and smoking during flights, including one in India and
one in the US.

All US Note 7 owners can exchange their devices for another Samsung smartphone
or receive a refund under the plan approved by the CPSC, the company and agency
said on Thursday. Customers who exchange the Note 7 for a Samsung device will
receive a $100 credit; those opting for an alternative brand will receive $25
credit.

The Note 7 was due to relaunch in the UK, costing £740 ($907), at the end of
October. Many customers have already bought models, however, through a pre-order
campaign. Samsung said 45,000 Note 7s had been sold in Europe, the majority in
the UK.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             986 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                             March 28, 2016 Monday

AIs 4g service

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 47 words


Advanced Info Service has launched its 4G VoLTE (Voice over LTE) service on its
4G network nationwide, giving customers high-definition voice and video calls.
VoLTE-compatible mobile-phone models include the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, the
Samsung Galaxy S7 and the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             987 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                             March 28, 2016 Monday

AIs 4g service

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 47 words


Advanced Info Service has launched its 4G VoLTE (Voice over LTE) service on its
4G network nationwide, giving customers high-definition voice and video calls.
VoLTE-compatible mobile-phone models include the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, the
Samsung Galaxy S7 and the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             988 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                             March 28, 2016 Monday

AIs 4g service

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 47 words


Advanced Info Service has launched its 4G VoLTE (Voice over LTE) service on its
4G network nationwide, giving customers high-definition voice and video calls.
VoLTE-compatible mobile-phone models include the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, the
Samsung Galaxy S7 and the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             989 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                             March 28, 2016 Monday

AIs 4g service

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 47 words


Advanced Info Service has launched its 4G VoLTE (Voice over LTE) service on its
4G network nationwide, giving customers high-definition voice and video calls.
VoLTE-compatible mobile-phone models include the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, the
Samsung Galaxy S7 and the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             990 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

@HD2 New Briefs head;Polaroid ModelSmart printer

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 408 words


@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;Polaroid has introduced the ModelSmart
250S 3D printer offering a self-calibrating extruder, and printing speeds from
20-100 millimetres per second. It will leverage the company's PLA filament that
prints in nine colours. A smart chip in the filament cartridges updates the user
on the amount of material remaining inside it. It also includes a Wi-Fi camera
to monitor the progress of the objects.

@HD2 New Briefs head;Samsung phones with advanced features

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;The 5.1-inch Samsung Galaxy S7 and
5.5-inch Galaxy S7 edge are smartphones that come with design and advanced
features, Waree resistance and external memory. The two models introduce the
first dual-pixel camera on a smartphone, delivering brighter and sharper images,
even in low light. They are constructed with 3D glass and metal.

Users can get the Samsung Pay mobile payment service that's secure, easy-to-use
and accepted almost anywhere. Protected by Samsung KNOX, fingerprint scanning
and advanced tokenisation, Samsung Pay works with near field communication,
magnetic secure transmission and barcode technology.

@HD2 New Briefs head;Garmin wristband tracker

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;Garmin's Vivofit 3 wristband smart
tracker comes with a backlit display, acts as an all-day activity tracker and is
waterproof up to 50 metres. It will now automatically track workouts like
running, biking, swimming and elliptical training, and has the ability to track
intensity levels during workouts.

@HD2 New Briefs head;Omate smartwatch for kids

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;Omate has launched the Wherecom K3, a
smartwatch designed for kids. It features a 1.54-inch 320 by 320 touchscreen, 1
gigahertz dual-core chip, 3G radio (1900 megahertz for the US or 2100MHz for
Europe), Micro SIM slot, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS and Android 5.1.

@HD2 New Briefs head;Ultra-compact PC stick

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;The MS-CH01F is an ultra-compact PC stick
equipped with a 1.44GHz Intel Atom x5-Z8300 "Cherry Trail" quad-core processor,
Intel HD Graphics, 2 gigabyte DDR3 RAM and a 32GB eMMC.

Running on 32-bit Windows 10 Home, the device has a microSD/SDHC/SDXC card slot,
USB 2.0 and 3.0 ports, micro-USB charging port, HDMI connection interface that
can be connected directly to an HDMI TV or display, and a built-in micro-cooling
fan. For connectivity, it provides Wi-Fi 802.11ac and Bluetooth 4.1.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             991 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

@HD2 New Briefs head;Polaroid ModelSmart printer

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 408 words


@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;Polaroid has introduced the ModelSmart
250S 3D printer offering a self-calibrating extruder, and printing speeds from
20-100 millimetres per second. It will leverage the company's PLA filament that
prints in nine colours. A smart chip in the filament cartridges updates the user
on the amount of material remaining inside it. It also includes a Wi-Fi camera
to monitor the progress of the objects.

@HD2 New Briefs head;Samsung phones with advanced features

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;The 5.1-inch Samsung Galaxy S7 and
5.5-inch Galaxy S7 edge are smartphones that come with design and advanced
features, Waree resistance and external memory. The two models introduce the
first dual-pixel camera on a smartphone, delivering brighter and sharper images,
even in low light. They are constructed with 3D glass and metal.

Users can get the Samsung Pay mobile payment service that's secure, easy-to-use
and accepted almost anywhere. Protected by Samsung KNOX, fingerprint scanning
and advanced tokenisation, Samsung Pay works with near field communication,
magnetic secure transmission and barcode technology.

@HD2 New Briefs head;Garmin wristband tracker

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;Garmin's Vivofit 3 wristband smart
tracker comes with a backlit display, acts as an all-day activity tracker and is
waterproof up to 50 metres. It will now automatically track workouts like
running, biking, swimming and elliptical training, and has the ability to track
intensity levels during workouts.

@HD2 New Briefs head;Omate smartwatch for kids

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;Omate has launched the Wherecom K3, a
smartwatch designed for kids. It features a 1.54-inch 320 by 320 touchscreen, 1
gigahertz dual-core chip, 3G radio (1900 megahertz for the US or 2100MHz for
Europe), Micro SIM slot, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS and Android 5.1.

@HD2 New Briefs head;Ultra-compact PC stick

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;The MS-CH01F is an ultra-compact PC stick
equipped with a 1.44GHz Intel Atom x5-Z8300 "Cherry Trail" quad-core processor,
Intel HD Graphics, 2 gigabyte DDR3 RAM and a 32GB eMMC.

Running on 32-bit Windows 10 Home, the device has a microSD/SDHC/SDXC card slot,
USB 2.0 and 3.0 ports, micro-USB charging port, HDMI connection interface that
can be connected directly to an HDMI TV or display, and a built-in micro-cooling
fan. For connectivity, it provides Wi-Fi 802.11ac and Bluetooth 4.1.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             992 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

@HD2 New Briefs head;Polaroid ModelSmart printer

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 408 words


@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;Polaroid has introduced the ModelSmart
250S 3D printer offering a self-calibrating extruder, and printing speeds from
20-100 millimetres per second. It will leverage the company's PLA filament that
prints in nine colours. A smart chip in the filament cartridges updates the user
on the amount of material remaining inside it. It also includes a Wi-Fi camera
to monitor the progress of the objects.

@HD2 New Briefs head;Samsung phones with advanced features

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;The 5.1-inch Samsung Galaxy S7 and
5.5-inch Galaxy S7 edge are smartphones that come with design and advanced
features, Waree resistance and external memory. The two models introduce the
first dual-pixel camera on a smartphone, delivering brighter and sharper images,
even in low light. They are constructed with 3D glass and metal.

Users can get the Samsung Pay mobile payment service that's secure, easy-to-use
and accepted almost anywhere. Protected by Samsung KNOX, fingerprint scanning
and advanced tokenisation, Samsung Pay works with near field communication,
magnetic secure transmission and barcode technology.

@HD2 New Briefs head;Garmin wristband tracker

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;Garmin's Vivofit 3 wristband smart
tracker comes with a backlit display, acts as an all-day activity tracker and is
waterproof up to 50 metres. It will now automatically track workouts like
running, biking, swimming and elliptical training, and has the ability to track
intensity levels during workouts.

@HD2 New Briefs head;Omate smartwatch for kids

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;Omate has launched the Wherecom K3, a
smartwatch designed for kids. It features a 1.54-inch 320 by 320 touchscreen, 1
gigahertz dual-core chip, 3G radio (1900 megahertz for the US or 2100MHz for
Europe), Micro SIM slot, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS and Android 5.1.

@HD2 New Briefs head;Ultra-compact PC stick

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;The MS-CH01F is an ultra-compact PC stick
equipped with a 1.44GHz Intel Atom x5-Z8300 "Cherry Trail" quad-core processor,
Intel HD Graphics, 2 gigabyte DDR3 RAM and a 32GB eMMC.

Running on 32-bit Windows 10 Home, the device has a microSD/SDHC/SDXC card slot,
USB 2.0 and 3.0 ports, micro-USB charging port, HDMI connection interface that
can be connected directly to an HDMI TV or display, and a built-in micro-cooling
fan. For connectivity, it provides Wi-Fi 802.11ac and Bluetooth 4.1.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             993 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

@HD2 New Briefs head;Polaroid ModelSmart printer

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 408 words


@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;Polaroid has introduced the ModelSmart
250S 3D printer offering a self-calibrating extruder, and printing speeds from
20-100 millimetres per second. It will leverage the company's PLA filament that
prints in nine colours. A smart chip in the filament cartridges updates the user
on the amount of material remaining inside it. It also includes a Wi-Fi camera
to monitor the progress of the objects.

@HD2 New Briefs head;Samsung phones with advanced features

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;The 5.1-inch Samsung Galaxy S7 and
5.5-inch Galaxy S7 edge are smartphones that come with design and advanced
features, Waree resistance and external memory. The two models introduce the
first dual-pixel camera on a smartphone, delivering brighter and sharper images,
even in low light. They are constructed with 3D glass and metal.

Users can get the Samsung Pay mobile payment service that's secure, easy-to-use
and accepted almost anywhere. Protected by Samsung KNOX, fingerprint scanning
and advanced tokenisation, Samsung Pay works with near field communication,
magnetic secure transmission and barcode technology.

@HD2 New Briefs head;Garmin wristband tracker

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;Garmin's Vivofit 3 wristband smart
tracker comes with a backlit display, acts as an all-day activity tracker and is
waterproof up to 50 metres. It will now automatically track workouts like
running, biking, swimming and elliptical training, and has the ability to track
intensity levels during workouts.

@HD2 New Briefs head;Omate smartwatch for kids

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;Omate has launched the Wherecom K3, a
smartwatch designed for kids. It features a 1.54-inch 320 by 320 touchscreen, 1
gigahertz dual-core chip, 3G radio (1900 megahertz for the US or 2100MHz for
Europe), Micro SIM slot, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS and Android 5.1.

@HD2 New Briefs head;Ultra-compact PC stick

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;The MS-CH01F is an ultra-compact PC stick
equipped with a 1.44GHz Intel Atom x5-Z8300 "Cherry Trail" quad-core processor,
Intel HD Graphics, 2 gigabyte DDR3 RAM and a 32GB eMMC.

Running on 32-bit Windows 10 Home, the device has a microSD/SDHC/SDXC card slot,
USB 2.0 and 3.0 ports, micro-USB charging port, HDMI connection interface that
can be connected directly to an HDMI TV or display, and a built-in micro-cooling
fan. For connectivity, it provides Wi-Fi 802.11ac and Bluetooth 4.1.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             994 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Daily Edition

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday
                                 First Edition

HOW NEW IPHONE RANKS AMONG ITS COMPETITORS;
From phones that shoot 4K-video to those with super storage, we round up 2016's
top picks so far

BYLINE: DAVID PHELAN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 959 words


How long have you had your phone? If your contract is due for an upgrade, then
you'll probably be eligible for something faster, smarter and more capable than
before.

What are your priorities? Longer battery life? Better camera? Bigger screen?
Smaller screen (because not everyone has massive hands)? Or a phone with a low
initial price? Prices quoted are upfront cost on contract and how much to buy it
without a contract at all.

1. Apple iPhone SE: from free on contract with EE, from £359 without contract
from Apple The newest iPhone, announced on Monday, looks like an improved iPhone
5s. Its four-inch screen means it feels much more suited to smaller hands - and
pockets. This is the lowestpriced iPhone ever, but it includes much of the tech
of the latest models, including a blazingfast processor and 12-megapixel camera
capable of shooting video at 4K resolution, impressive panoramic shots and more.

2. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge: from £9 on contract with Vodafone, £639.99 without
contract from Selfridges Easily the best Android smartphone on the market. It
has a dazzling design (the slopingedged screen looks great), fast processor,
super-fast 12-megapixel camera and strong battery life. The 5.5-inch screen is
as big as the iPhone 6s Plus, but this feels more manageable in the hand. And
it's waterproof, surviving for 30 minutes in 1.5 metres of water. Not cheap, but
the advantages are considerable - highly recommended.

3. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium: from free on contract with Vodafone, £599.99 without
contract from Carphone Warehouse If you want the highest-quality screen around,
this phone's for you. Many phones now shoot video in the super-high 4K
resolution, but only this one can play it back in full resolution, too. There's
a powerful 23-megapixel camera and the fingerprint sensor is discreetly mounted
in the edge, in the power button.

4. LG G5: from £9.99 on contract from EE, £529 without contract from Amazon Just
announced and available now on pre-order, the G5 is a beast that''s different to
anything else around: the base slides off so you can insert a new battery or
attach an optional camera grip for the 16-megapixel camera. It has an always-on
screen that shows the time even when the phone is sleeping (and uses barely any
battery). On EE, the first 2,000 pre-orders get B&O headphones and speaker, too.

5. Apple iPhone 6s Plus: from £39.99 on contract from Carphone Warehouse, from
£619 without contract from Apple This is the biggest-screened iPhone with a
gorgeous, high-resolution, 5.5-inch display and impeccable 12-megapixel camera.
The fingerprint sensor that unlocks the screen is very speedy - it also
activates Apple Pay so you can pay for thing as you would with a contactless
credit card. Other Apple benefits include a massive range of quality apps,
excellent voice recognition system Siri and 3D Touch, where you press harder on
the screen to activate extra functions.

6. Samsung Galaxy S7: from £9 on contract from Three, £606.55 without contract
from Amazon If you'd like the latest Galaxy but prefer a smaller screen, the S7
with its 5.1-inch display is a great alternative. It packs the same camera,
performance and battery life as the S7 edge in a more conventional, but still
spiffy, styling. Both phones will have access to Samsung Pay later in the year -
like Apple Pay but designed to work with pretty much any card reader, not just
contactless.

7. Microsoft Lumia 950: from free on contract from Tesco Mobile. £399.99 without
contract from John Lewis This is like having your full Windows computer on your
phone. It uses a version of the new Windows 10 software so will be familiar to
users (though very different from Android or Apple). You can even connect it to
a display, keyboard and mouse via an optional Display Dock so it works like a
full computer. There's a 20-megapixel camera and a decent 5.2-inch screen.

8. Nextbit Robin: £277.20 without contract from Nextbit This is a great phone if
you want a large amount of storage at an affordable price, but don't need
everything on your phone all the time. The Robin has 32GB built in, plus 100GB
of storage in the cloud. When the phone gets full, it automatically transfers
stuff to the cloud to free up space. The design is a refreshing change from
black slabs with curvy corners. There's a good 5.2-inch display and decent
13-megapixel camera. Only available direct from Nextbit.

9. HTC One A9: from free on contract from EE, £357.45 without contract from
Amazon If you like the chic design of an iPhone but prefer Google's Android
operating system, the A9 is a wise choice. It has a pristine five-inch display
and a tremendous 13-megapixel camera that's fast and satisfying to use. HTC's
customisation of Android has always been excellent, especially when it comes to
the well-designed app icons and wallpapers, for instance.

10. Honor 5X: free on contract from Three, £189.99 without contract from Three
This is a great-value phone. Slick aluminium build, excellent 5.5-inch display,
13-megapixel camera and even a second sim card slot so you can run two numbers
on it (one work, one personal, perhaps). It has a good battery life, nippy
processor and a fingerprint sensor on the back. But it's the price that makes it
stand out against the competition.

Verdict Smartphones are complicated, intricate machines which we use all day
long, so battery life is important. All the phones here will last a full day,
though the Honor, Samsung and Sony handsets stand out. The Samsung Galaxy S7
edge, Apple iPhone 6s Plus and new iPhone SE have the best design. If
photography is crucial to you, the Apple, Samsung and Sony snappers are
exceptional. But, all things considered, we have to give it to the iPhone SE,
which stands out as the best-value option.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IA


                      Copyright 2016 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             995 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 13, 2016 Thursday
                                 Delhi Edition

Samsung May Take Rs 420-cr Hit this Quarter

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: COMPANIES: PURSUIT OF PROFIT

LENGTH: 979 words


Samsung Electronics India will take a potential revenue hit of about '420 crore
this quarter because of its decision to kill its marquee Galaxy Note7 phone
after it failed to fix the manufacturing flaw that was causing the device to
catch fire.

The Korean company had estimated that it will sell around 70,000 units of Note 7
during the quarter, while it had plans to give a stretch target of a lakh units
to its India sales team to take on Apple's new iPhones, said two people aware of
the development.

The Indian team has calculated and updated the potential revenue loss to its
headquarters after taking stock of the demise of Note 7.

Samsung India may also revive its earlier Note series flagship, Galaxy Note 5,
later this quarter to salvage

some of the losses and not leave the field entirely open for Apple's iPhone7 or
even the Google Pixel which is due to be launched later this week.

Samsung had recently discontinued Note 5 model to focus on the Note 7, one of
the persons said. Additional focus will be also given on the Galaxy S7 and S7
Edge models.

When contacted, a Samsung India spokesperson declined to comment on the sales
target.

He said Samsung India has a robust range of mobile phones across categories and
the company is headed for record sales of handsets in India this year. Globally,
Samsung has cut its operating profit guidance by 33% ($2.3 billion) for the last
three months because of the Note7 fiasco.

Analysts say the decision to scrap the device could end up costing up to
$17billion.

Samsung India was all ready to start manufacturing Note 7 in India in its

Noida plant with the aim of launching the device just ahead of Diwali, almost 45
days later than the originally scheduled launch which had gotten pushed back due
to safety worries.The company is now planning to offer the Galaxy S7 Edge to the
approximate 20,000 Note 7 pre-booked customers in India, or an option to return
their money . It will also relaunch the Note 5 at an aggressive price point.

Since the next flagship will be launched only around March 2017, Samsung India
is going to revive the Note 5 to rebuild it premium portfolio, since at the
moment Apple has a complete free-run,\x93 one of the persons quoted earlier
said.

Meanwhile, Apple has ensured there is enough supplies of its latest iPhone7 and
7Plus in the Indian market unlike earlier years when it had to grapple with
supply issues.

Retailers said the maximum demand has been for the pricier iPhone

7 Plus model which sells upwards of '72,000 due to additional features such as
dual camera and availability in the jet black colour.

\x93Apple has ensured availability of sufficient stocks since it wants to make
the most of Note 7's absence. In fact, iPhone supplies are still not steady in
tier II and III cities, but Apple will now beef up stock there as well.Around
40% of the sales is that of iPhone 7 Plus compared with 15-20% earlier for the
pricier variant,\x93 said the CEO of a leading cellphone retail store. However,
retailers say the recall of Note 7 has not dented Samsung's other smartphone
model sales in India as yet. The company had worked around the issue by
launching a newer model every 10-12 days and also ensuring that there was no
discount on its models during the just finished online discount sales.

Samsung Electronics Co cut its third-quarter operating profit by $2.3 billion
after ending production of its fire-prone Galaxy Note 7 smartphones, the first
official indication of how much the crisis will cost South Korea's largest
company.

Profit is projected to be 5.2 trillion won ($4.63 billion) instead of 7.8
trillion won in the three months ended September, the company said in a
regulatory statement Wednesday.That effectively erases all the mobile business
profit that analysts had been projecting. Revenue will be 47 trillion won
instead of 49 trillion won.Samsung and Vice Chairman Jay Y Lee are struggling to
contain fallout from t he t roubled Note 7 phones, which were overheating and
catching fire even after a recall that was supposed to fix the problem. The
Suwon-based company said Tuesday it would kill this generation of the high-end
phone and then cut third-quarter guidance today, less than a week after it was
first issued.

\x93This is a huge cutback,\x93 said\xC2 Greg Roh, an analyst at H MC Investment
Securities Co. \x93It means Samsung has reflected not only the sales loss from
the shutdown but it also means it would bear the costs of the inventories of
Note 7s in the channel as well as the components they bought a few months
back.\x93

Wednesday's announcement is the first time the company has put a price on the
debacle, even if it is preliminary. Chung Chang Won, an analyst at Nomura
Holdings Inc,

estimated in a research note before the company's announcement the worst-case
scenario of Samsung terminating the Note 7 would cost the company about $5
billion in operating profit through 2017.

Samsung's shares have tanked this week as new fire reports emer g e d . T he s t
o ck h a s slumped 10 percent in the past three trading days, wiping $21 billion
from its market value.

\x93It's the biggest crisis for

Samsung Electronics,\x93 said Huh Nam Kwon, chief investment officer at
Shinyoung Asset Management, which held more than 300,000 shares in the company
according to filings compiled by Bloomberg. \x93It's not because of its physical
losses, but because the issue has been a blow to the brand. The company should
have been more cautious in responding to this case in the beginning.\x93

The debacle is testing Samsung's management and raising questions about whether
it needs stronger leadership. Lee Kun-hee, the family patriarch, remains
chairman even though he suffered a heart at tack more than two years ago and h a
sn't b e en back at the com

pany since. His son,

Jay Y., is heir apparent but he hasn't been able to take his father's title
because of Korean custom.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             996 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            March 12, 2016 Saturday

Samsung Gear VR review: Amazing but it will be a one-time watch for most

BYLINE: Debashis Sarkar

SECTION: REVIEWS

LENGTH: 747 words


Explaining virtual reality in writing to a layman may prove to be quite a task.
It is something best experienced and differentiated when someone actually puts
on a VR headset. Google was among the first to make the attempt to help VR
headsets reach masses through its Cardboard, couple of years back. But it
couldn't tickle consumer interests in India.

The cheap paper cardboard headset, priced under Rs 200, was just a step towards
virtual reality. While several improved versions of the original Google
Cardboard appeared, including the Lenovo ANT VR headset, Samsung's Gear VR
headset is the only real deal in the country.

The Lenovo K4 Note and ANT VR combo should not be considered as a cheaper
replacement for the Gear VR combo. It is nowhere close.

The Gear VR gives a mere glimpse of the myriad possibilities and makes a silent
statement that a proper VR headset is way more than just another Google
Cardboard rip-off.

Priced at Rs 8,200, the Gear VR is compatible only with flagship Samsung Galaxy
smartphones -- S6, S6 edge, S6 edge plus, S7, S7 edge and Note 5.

Getting a flagship Galaxy smartphone and Gear VR combo may appear as an
expensive option, but Samsung ensures you get the value for the money you pay.
After playing with the Gear VR for some time, here is our review.

Design

The Gear VR offers a perfect fit for all compatible Galaxy smartphones. The
build quality of the headset is good and is comfortable to wear. It can be also
worn with regular glasses. This VR headset is completely wireless and comes with
a built-in navigation touchpad, volume rockers and focus ring to adjust depth.

The lens are of good quality but given our hot and humid weather, expect it to
get misty and oily. The Gear VR alone is lightweight but the weight of the
smartphone attached to it adds up. However, the straps does a good job in
balancing the weight and keeping the headset stable with minimal wobble.

This headset is not something exactly portable for good reasons. It is always
better to experience virtual reality in the safety of one's room.

Setup

Setup is very easy. After installing Gear VR Oculus app, the smartphone needs to
be placed inside the Gear VR by connecting it to the charging port. Once
connected, the Oculus app starts automatically and its homepage greets the user.
The navigation touchpad along with the back button on the right side is all that
users have got to explore. Initially, if the view is unclear, the focus needs to
be adjusted by using the ring on top.

Content: Limited free

Oculus store has some quality-free VR content which will easily impress any
first-time user. For seamless experience, a high-speed Wi-Fi connection is a
must. However, if connectivity is a problem, users can also play regular videos
and movies (stored in their phones) to get an immersive experience and a feeling
of a personal theatre. It is difficult to watch a full movie using the VR and it
is not advisable either on a daily basis.

VR content is expensive. Once the free games and videos are already viewed,
there is very little motivation to pay to experience more. Also, most content
will be a one-time watch.

On the gaming front, the biggest surprise stored for first-time users is Temple
Run. Playing most popular Temple Run game on the Gear VR is a different story
altogether. The experience is extraordinary, however, within just 15 minutes, it
feels nauseating.

Overall, Gear VR is the only and best option currently. And it stands by the
promise of showing the future.

Performance and battery

The Gear VR feeds on the smartphone's battery. Users can also plug a charging
cable to the headset to avoid draining battery of the smartphone. A maximum of
15% to 20% battery drainage on the phone can be expected from 30 minutes of Gear
VR usage. Also, expect the smartphone to heat up badly.

Verdict

The Gear VR is a luxury for flagship Samsung smartphone users which they
shouldn't miss out. It truly brings out more value from these high-end phones.
If you already own a compatible phone or is planning to get one then definitely
buy the Gear VR. However, buying a Samsung flagship for the Gear VR alone
doesn't make sense.

While the Gear VR has everything to woo any user, the challenge here is that
they will get bored very easily. And for most, the headset will find its place
in some shelf, accumulating dust.

For those who do not intend to buy a Samsung flagship, the good old Google
Cardboard (and its rip-offs) is still the best bet.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             997 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Cairns Eye (Australia)

                             March 5, 2016 Saturday
                               CairnsEye Edition

MOBILE MOVES

BYLINE: words // Jennifer Dudley-Nicholson

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 404  words


Hot tech on show in Barcelona

1. XPERIA EAR SONY Not unlike the movie Her, this smart Sony device sits in your
ear and tells you important information. After connecting to a smartphone with
NFC and Bluetooth, the Ear can give you the weather forecast and read you news
stories, read out SMS, Facebook, or WhatsApp messages as they arrive, and can
even deliver street-by-street navigation so you don't have to look at a phone
screen. The Xperia Ear comes with a dock in which it charges, and its battery is
designed to last a full day with 31/2 hours of talk time. It also features
sensors, including an accelerometer and gyroscope.

price TBA / sony.com 2. GALAXZY S7 SAMSUNG Australians who bought a
water-resistant Galaxy S5 are likely to be impressed with Samsung's smartphone
update, just in time for their new contract. The Galaxy S7 brings back water
resistance and strengthens it, with a better IP68 rating, allowing users to dunk
this phone in water for up to 30 minutes without consequence. The 5.1-inch phone
is 14g heavier than before, but it also offers a faster octa-core chip, an extra
gigabyte of RAM, a significantly larger battery and a redesigned camera that,
while it shrinks to 12 megapixels, promises almost instant autofocus and uses a
wide f1.7 aperture to make the best out of low-light situations.

$1149/ samsung.com.au 3. MATEBOOK HUAWEI Hybrid computers are growing in
popularity and this slender model from Huawei offers plenty of options to make
it feel like a laptop. MateBook sports a 12-inch screen, a metal body and a
10-hour battery life. It powers through tasks with a 3.1GHz Intel chip and up to
8GB RAM, and runs Windows 10 software. Unlike its rivals, the 640g, 6.9mm-thick
computer also features a fingerprint scanner on its side and a USB-C port for
charging. Accessories include the MatePen, a keyboard case with PU leather and
the MateDock that offers extra ports.

$US699-$US1599 / consumer.huawei.com 4. 360 CAM LG Some virtual reality content
will be homemade this year, with cameras such as this model from LG behind the
push. The 360 Cam is a stick-shaped camera with two 13-megapixel cameras on
either side. It's simple to use: Just hold it in the air, snap a photo or 2K
video and view it on a connected smartphone. Photos can be shared as a large
flat image or added to Google's Street View or YouTube360 as an interactive
image that captures the entire room.price TBA / lg.com.au

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: Cairns Eye


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             998 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Birmingham Evening Mail

                            October 17, 2016 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Galaxy Note7 to cost Samsung £4.4bn

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 323 words


By RAVENDER SEMBY City Correspondent @birminghammail SAMSUNG has warned that the
total cost of pulling its Galaxy Note7 smartphones off the market will be at
least £4.4 billion.

The South Korean firm said last night that the discontinuation of its flagship
phone would cost the company about 3.5 trillion won (£2.5 billion) during the
current and forthcoming quarter.

Samsung had already cut its thirdquarter profit forecast by £1.9 billion earlier
this week, an amount that could wipe out its entire mobile business profit.

Last week, Samsung scrapped its flagship Galaxy Note7 smartphone, a day after
halting sales because of concerns over consumer safety, with faulty units
overheating and exploding due to a battery defect.

Last Wednesday Ireland's aviation chiefs urged plane passengers not to use the
Galaxy Note 7 smartphones on flights.

In a safety message travellers and holidaymakers were also warned not to leave
the fire-risk phones switched on while in the air or to stow them in checked-in
luggage.

The Irish Authority advises power down from charging devices. aircraft.

"The Irish Aviation Authority strongly advises passengers to power down and
refrain from charging these devices on board aircraft," it said.

But Samsung has enough cash to absorb the shock from the phone recall.

The company said it expects to generate 5.2 trillion won (£3.7 billion) in
operating profit during the third quarter after the recall cost.

Samsung added that it will make significant changes in its quality assurance
processes to enhance product safety for consumers.

Aviation strongly passengers to and refrain these board The company said it will
expand sales of two other smartphones released in spring - the Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 Edge - quashing rumours that it may try to release updated versions of
those devices.

The Irish Aviation Authority strongly advises passengers to power down and
refrain from charging these devices on board aircraft.  ;

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BMM


               Copyright 2016 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             999 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            March 24, 2016 Thursday

Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge: Android perfection

BYLINE: Nandagopal Rajan

LENGTH: 746  words


Let me confess. I was not really impressed by my first sighting of the Samsung
Galaxy S7 edge. I thought the new flagship looked a bit too much like the old
flagship, the S6 edge. But first impressions and hands-on reviews from launch
events are half-baked at best. I have now used the S7 edge for well over a week
and I have no doubts about this phone. Here are my impressions about the new
device.

I am using a 32 GB version of the S7 edge for the review. Yes, the phone is not
very different from its predecessor, except for the always-on screen which I
think is a good addition though not revolutionary in any way. The phone feels
good in your hands, and though it has not yet slipped from my hand that is a
constant fear at the back of my head. From the design point, the one noticeable
change is the fact that camera bump has been pushed into and is a much thinner
protrusion than before.

What is good

Like with most Samsung phones you don't have to wait for the screen to awe you.
No one does it better than this Korean company when it comes to screens, be them
small, be them big, be them curved. The S7 is not different and everything looks
unrealistically good on this screen, even your own selfies. The S7 phones also
have an always-on black lock screen which display a lot of basic information
like time, missed calls, new messages and the like. Thankfully, this feature
doesn't seem to be sapping the battery much, which is good.

The edge screen is not improved and more effective. It is almost like an extra
homescreen layer that you can access whatever you are doing on the phone. It
does add to productivity, if you can remember to use it. The S6 series had a
great camera, and I would have thought it was difficult to better that. But
Samsung seems to have done just that, especially when it comes to low-light
photography. I tried all kinds of stuff in the dark and the camera was really
impressive, in fact even a notch ahead of the Apple iPhone 6s Plus.

The regular stuff is great too and the phone offers amazing detail when the
light is great. And the focus adds an extra layer of fun and richness, making
pictures look as if they were shot with a DSLR. The camera app is also much
improved with some unique modes like Virtual Shot. But the Pro mode should be
enough to satisfy our creative needs.

The sheer performance of this phone is hard to match. You can try everything
from multitasking to gaming and ultra-high definition video, and this phone will
not break a sweat. It is among the coolest flagships I have seen and that is
saying a lot as high-end phones usually tend to be a bit hot under the collar.

Also, despite the performance the battery is dependable. I got 12 hours of life
with very heavy use and that too over a 4G network. Reduce the brightness of the
screen and you should be able to squeeze in a few more hours. In fact, I once
used the phone for an hour with just 5% battery left.

What is not that good

The fingerprint scanner on the phone is a pain and has a very low success rate.
You will eventually get in, but that might take some serious tiddling of the
thumbs. This is a quirk that Samsung will have to fix without delay. While I
love the low light photos that the S7 can click, you shouldn't really bother
zooming in on the photos too much. I noticed a lack of detail when you start
going deep into these photos. Not such an issue since no one blows up this
pictures that big.

Do you need the edge?

The edge is a great extra feature to have. But you will need serious presence of
mind to use it. Also, it is, at least for now, just another way to do some stuff
and there is nothing that can be done exclusively using the curved bit of the
screen. So decide whether you want to spent extra to get this real estate on the
sides. The S7 is a great device even without it.

Should you buy?

The S7 and S7 edge might not be really innovative, but what Samsung has done is
make the phones almost near perfect by making it bugless-if you can overlook the
fingerprint scanner. That is innovation in itself, if you ask me. If you ask me
there is no better phone to upgrade for Samsung fans who are now on S5 or under.
For them this phone takes the experience to a whole new level. For sheer
performance and camera, this is the best Android phone you can buy at the
moment.

However, make sure which phone you want-the S7 or the S7 edge. They are both
great, but you might just be happy with the S7, without the edge.

Estimated street price: Rs 56,900

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             1000 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            March 12, 2016 Saturday
                                Kolkata Edition

March 21Event May be iPhone SE Launch

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh & Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 640 words


Apple's invitations for a March 21event at its headquarters in Cupertino has set
off a huge buzz in India about launch of a new product, which many suggest to be
the new iPhone SE or special edition that may be meant for emerging markets,
priced lower than its typical flagships.

Apple is widely expected to introduce the 4-inch iPhone SE with features from
the iPhone 6 and 6s, such as a faster A9 processor, always-on Siri and Live
Photos, but packaged in an iPhone 5-sized casing. The device may have power
button on top like iPhone 5 and support WiFi, Bluetooth 4.2, and VoLTE.

"A new phone with the latest OS and attractive price point will excite people in
India," said Gartner's research director Anshul Gupta.

Apple headquarters has still not communicated the game plan for the new iPhone
to its India team, but trade partners expect the launch in the first phase in
India. Analysts expect three to four weeks' time gap in launch time for key
emerging countries, primarily India.

This, they say, is to gain on the hype in social media in India around the new
iPhone and also to take on Samsung's latest flagship, Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge,
sales of which will begin on March 18.

"It is expected that Apple will start shipping of the new iPhone to India in the
first phase.Next month, the fight between Apple and Samsung will gain further
with the new iPhone and an expected price drop on the current entry model,
iPhone 5s, which is expected to be sold at sub-Rs 20,000," said a senior trade
executive. Some say Apple will further drop prices of iPhone 6S and 6S Plus.

KGI Securities analyst MingChi Kuo, widely considered the most accurate
researcher on

Apple, previously said in a note that iPhone SE will be priced at $450 (Rs
30,000 approx), while the price for iPhone 5s may well be cut by half. The
mid-tier pricing will be extremely attractive in India, where Apple enjoys a
massive aspirational value and huge brand recall.

"Mid-price smartphones are well suited for emerging markets like India,
Indonesia, Bangladesh, Brazil, Argentina and Vietnam," said Gartner's Gupta.

Tarun Pathak, senior analyst

at Hong Kong-based Counterpoint Research, said the price bracket of $500-550 (Rs
34,000 to Rs 37,000) will generate wide interest in India, which is turning out
to be one of Apple's key markets.

The mid-price ($300-500) smartphone is still a small market segment in emerging
countries with 10-15% of overall smartphone market, but experiencing high growth
as smartphone install base has grown is these markets reaching over 200 million
in India.Given the high pace of growth in the Indian smartphone market, at a
time when developed markets face stagnation, Apple may want to make most of the
time here and improve its share in some local markets.

For instance, IDC data showed

Apple having a larger share than Xiaomi that sells entry-level to mid-level
priced phones in tier 2 and 3 cities in the October to December quarter. Apple
leads in the premium segment (Rs 30,000 upwards) in the quarter, but trails
Samsung for the full year ended December.

"As Apple is searching for growth outside mature markets, it understands that
most of the countries with high smartphone growth currently have skewed
smartphone price distribution towards entry to mid-range," Pathak added.

Timing of launch, away from the September flagship launches, has also peaked
interest among analysts and consumers alike. "I guess that there can be a
trimmed down version of flagship 6s, while a refreshed flagship phone will come
later during the year," Gupta added.

Samsung just launched its Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge at prices starting Rs
46,900, which analysts termed as competitive. The months following the launch
generate most of Samsung's sales in the premium segment, taking the cyclic trend
that is similar for Apple when it launches flagships in September.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved
