
                               1 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 27, 2014 Saturday

iPhone 6 goes on sale in China's Taiwan

LENGTH: 408  words


Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus went on sale on Friday in Taiwan.

A staff member displays new iPhone 6 smartphones at an Apple premium reseller's
shop in Taipei, Southeast China's Taiwan, early Sept 26, 2014. Apple's iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus went on sale on Friday in Taiwan. [Photo/Xinhua]

iPhone 6 smuggling bid busted
Passenger transport starts on Tibet's new railway

Jewelry stores try many stunts to promote gold

Mr.Chen (L), the first buying an iPhone 6 Plus, poses for photos at an iPhone
release event in Taipei, Southeast China's Taiwan, early Sept 26, 2014. Apple's
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus went on sale on Friday in Taiwan. [Photo/Xinhua]

iPhone 6 smuggling bid busted
Passenger transport starts on Tibet's new railway

Jewelry stores try many stunts to promote gold

Mr.Chen, the first buying an iPhone 6 Plus, poses for photos at an iPhone
release event in Taipei, Southeast China's Taiwan, early Sept 26, 2014. Apple's
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus went on sale on Friday in Taiwan. [Photo/Xinhua]

iPhone 6 smuggling bid busted
Passenger transport starts on Tibet's new railway

Jewelry stores try many stunts to promote gold

A tent is seen at an iPhone release event in Taipei, Southeast China's Taiwan,
late Sept 25, 2014. Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus went on sale on Friday in
Taiwan. [Photo/Xinhua]

iPhone 6 smuggling bid busted
Passenger transport starts on Tibet's new railway

Jewelry stores try many stunts to promote gold

People line up to buy new iPhone 6 smartphones at an iPhone release event in
Taipei, Southeast China's Taiwan, late Sept 25, 2014. Apple's iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus went on sale on Friday in Taiwan. [Photo/Xinhua]

iPhone 6 smuggling bid busted
Passenger transport starts on Tibet's new railway

Jewelry stores try many stunts to promote gold

People buy iPhone 6 smartphones at an iPhone release event in Taipei, Southeast
China's Taiwan, early Sept 26, 2014. Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus went on
sale on Friday in Taiwan. [Photo/Xinhua]

iPhone 6 smuggling bid busted
Passenger transport starts on Tibet's new railway

Jewelry stores try many stunts to promote gold

People line up to buy new iPhone 6 smartphones outside a store in Taipei,
Southeast China's Taiwan, early Sept 26, 2014. Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus went on sale on Friday in Taiwan. [Photo/Xinhua]

iPhone 6 smuggling bid busted
Passenger transport starts on Tibet's new railway

Jewelry stores try many stunts to promote gold

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                               2 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                               September 27, 2014

iPhone 6 goes on sale in China's Taiwan

LENGTH: 408  words


Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus went on sale on Friday in Taiwan.

A staff member displays new iPhone 6 smartphones at an Apple premium reseller's
shop in Taipei, Southeast China's Taiwan, early Sept 26, 2014. Apple's iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus went on sale on Friday in Taiwan. [Photo/Xinhua]

iPhone 6 smuggling bid busted
Passenger transport starts on Tibet's new railway

Jewelry stores try many stunts to promote gold

Mr.Chen (L), the first buying an iPhone 6 Plus, poses for photos at an iPhone
release event in Taipei, Southeast China's Taiwan, early Sept 26, 2014. Apple's
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus went on sale on Friday in Taiwan. [Photo/Xinhua]

iPhone 6 smuggling bid busted
Passenger transport starts on Tibet's new railway

Jewelry stores try many stunts to promote gold

Mr.Chen, the first buying an iPhone 6 Plus, poses for photos at an iPhone
release event in Taipei, Southeast China's Taiwan, early Sept 26, 2014. Apple's
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus went on sale on Friday in Taiwan. [Photo/Xinhua]

iPhone 6 smuggling bid busted
Passenger transport starts on Tibet's new railway

Jewelry stores try many stunts to promote gold

A tent is seen at an iPhone release event in Taipei, Southeast China's Taiwan,
late Sept 25, 2014. Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus went on sale on Friday in
Taiwan. [Photo/Xinhua]

iPhone 6 smuggling bid busted
Passenger transport starts on Tibet's new railway

Jewelry stores try many stunts to promote gold

People line up to buy new iPhone 6 smartphones at an iPhone release event in
Taipei, Southeast China's Taiwan, late Sept 25, 2014. Apple's iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus went on sale on Friday in Taiwan. [Photo/Xinhua]

iPhone 6 smuggling bid busted
Passenger transport starts on Tibet's new railway

Jewelry stores try many stunts to promote gold

People buy iPhone 6 smartphones at an iPhone release event in Taipei, Southeast
China's Taiwan, early Sept 26, 2014. Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus went on
sale on Friday in Taiwan. [Photo/Xinhua]

iPhone 6 smuggling bid busted
Passenger transport starts on Tibet's new railway

Jewelry stores try many stunts to promote gold

People line up to buy new iPhone 6 smartphones outside a store in Taipei,
Southeast China's Taiwan, early Sept 26, 2014. Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus went on sale on Friday in Taiwan. [Photo/Xinhua]

iPhone 6 smuggling bid busted
Passenger transport starts on Tibet's new railway

Jewelry stores try many stunts to promote gold

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            November 3, 2014 Monday

Choosing between iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus

LENGTH: 532  words


For two years in a row, Apple has announced two new iPhones at the launch event.
Last year it was the iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C giving a very clear upgrade path
for the power user but this year's line up was much more interesting and
exciting- and at the same time confusing for the [...]
The post Choosing between iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus appeared first on
tbreak.ae.

For two years in a row, Apple has announced two new iPhones at the launch event.
Last year it was the iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C giving a very clear upgrade path
for the power user but this year's line up was much more interesting and
exciting- and at the same time confusing for the power user. The iPhone 6 and
the iPhone 6 Plus are both incredible phones and deciding between them is not an
easy task.

Let's start with the size- the iPhone has always been easy to use with just one
hand. With the new models, you're now looking at two phones with much larger
screen sizes. The iPhone 6 has the screen sized bumped up from 4-inches to
4.7-inches which makes it just borderline usable for someone like me with one
hand. The iPhone 6 Plus on the other hand has a 5.5-inch screen, strictly making
it a two-handed device.

For many who prefer the portability of the iPhone 5, one would assume that the
4.7-inch model is the preferred one but I know quite a few people that have the
iPhone and an iPad and are looking to combine both devices into one so for them
the iPhone 6 Plus is more appealing with the bigger screen size.

Besides the larger screen the other advantage the iPhone 6 Plus brings is the
larger battery. On the iPhone 6, the battery size is 1810mAh which is slightly
larger than the iPhone 5S that had a capacity of 1560mAh. What that means is
that if couldn't go through an entire day of using your old iPhone without
charging it at some point, there's a good chance that the iPhone 6 won't change
that.

The iPhone 6 Plus on the other hand has a 2915 mAh battery which is rather
beefy. On paper, that's over 60% more capacity than the iPhone 6 so
theoretically speaking, if your iPhone 6 could get 10 hours, the iPhone 6 Plus
should get your 16 hours. While I haven't tested the iPhone 6 Plus, most reports
on it state that the battery does last a long time- surely a day and for some,
almost two days.

Besides size and battery, the last difference between the two devices, as far as
hardware is concerned, is the addition of Optical Image Stabilization on the
iPhone 6 Plus. OIS has been available on many phones and it helps against the
shaking hands when using the camera which results in less blurry shots.
Depending on the lighting condition, you could see some improvement with your
photos on the iPhone 6 Plus but it's not a deal-breaking feature because the
camera on the iPhone 6 is pretty impressive.

So there you have it when it comes to hardware differences between the two new
iPhones and hopefully you now have a clearer idea on which one to get. Both the
iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus are available through du and can be ordered
online with a special promotion of getting six months of free usage of one of
their awesome plans.

The post Choosing between iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus appeared first on
tbreak.ae.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2014 TBREAK MEDIA
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                    September 10, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus To Hit Indian Markets On 17 October (Update)

BYLINE: Sanchari Banerjee, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 350  words


Pricing details are not yet available for Indian markets for these "thinner than
ever before" iPhones.

Wednesday, September 10, 2014: Your wait for Apple iPhone 6 will be over soon.
Apple's latest launch, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones, will be available
in India from 17 October, as per Apple India' website. However, earlier it was
announced that, both variants of iPhone 6 will be available in the country from
26 September.

Pricing details are not yet available for Indian markets, though. But in the US
iPhone 6 will start at $649 (INR 39,500) and the iPhone 6 Plus will debut at the
price of $749 (INR 45,600). iPhone sports 11.94-cm (4.7-inch) screen and iPhone
6 Plus will have a 13.97-cm (5.5-inch) display. With iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
Apple has made the thinnest devices ever. As iPhone 6 is powered by the new A8
processor, it is expected to be 50 per cent more energy efficient which will
lead to higher sustained performance.

The two iPhone 6 models sport an 8MP iSight camera with phase detection feature.
iPhone 6 is also capable of capturing 43MP panorama photos. iPhone 6 and 6 Plus'
Power button is on the side and it features a barometer sensor that can measure
relative elevation. The battery life of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus is relatively better
than iPhone 5S. iPhone 6 will deliver 3G talk time of 14 hours and run 10 hours
if the user is browsing the internet on 3G and 4G networks. On the other hand,
iPhone 6 Plus, will offer 3G talk time of 24 hours and 12 hours of web browsing
on 3G and 4G. Apple's two new iPhones will also provide support to a new mobile
payment system called Apple Pay. Users will be able to pay their bills on retail
stores by simply tapping their smartphones on the payment terminals.

Now the October 17 launch date means the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be
available around the time of Diwali. While unveiling the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus, Apple chief Tim Cook said the company was launching "the biggest
advancement in the history of iPhones." Apple senior vice president Phil
Schiller spoke at the event, "These are the best phones ever made."

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                    September 25, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone 6 Plus: $100 Costlier For Consumers To Buy-Just $15.50 More Expensive For
Apple To Make

LENGTH: 947  words


Thursday, September 25, 2014: For consumers opting to buy Apple Inc.'s iPhone 6
Plus rather than the iPhone 6, the additional 0.8 inches of screen size will
cost $100 extra. However, for Apple, the iPhone 6 Plus costs only about $16 more
to produce, delivering to the company an even heftier margin than normal for its
wildly popular smartphone line.

The bill of materials (BOM) of the iPhone 6 equipped with 16 gigabytes (GByte)
of NAND flash memory amounts to $196.10, according to a preliminary estimate by
the Teardown Mobile Handsets Intelligence Service at IHS Technology (NYSE: IHS).
The cost of production rises to $200.10 when the $4.00 manufacturing expense is
added.

The BOM of the iPhone 6 Plus amounts to $211.10, and rises to $215.60 with the
additional $4.50 manufacturing cost added. This is only $15.50 higher than the
total for the iPhone 6.

"Apple has always been adept at offering higher-end iPhone models with enhanced,
desirable features-and then pricing those versions for maximum profitability,"
said Andrew Rassweiler, senior director, cost benchmarking services for IHS. "In
the past, the premium versions of iPhone offered higher memory configurations
for additional profit. While Apple continues this memory strategy, the company
is also taking a similar approach with the iPhone Plus, structuring its pricing
to add bottom-line profit on models that have a very desirable feature: a large
phablet-sized display."

With a contract from a wireless operator, the 16GByte version of the iPhone 6 is
priced at $200, while the Plus model amounts to $300. The unsubsidized pricing
for the two phones is $649 and $749, respectively.

The table attached presents the preliminary BOM and manufacturing cost estimate
of the Phone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Please note that these teardown assessments
are preliminary in nature, account only for hardware and manufacturing costs,
and do not include other expenses such as software, licensing, royalties or
R&D.;

These findings are available in the "Teardown - Apple iPhone 6" report, from
Materials & Cost Benchmarking solutions at IHS.

Phablet fees

The most obvious difference between the two new Apple smartphone models is the
display, with the iPhone 6 sporting a 4.7-inch screen, and the Plus coming in at
5.5 inches. However, while the larger screen is more expensive, it doesn't
account for the entire cost differential between the two phones; the Plus also
carries higher BOMs for its enhanced camera and battery subsystems.

For both the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models, the screens feature in-touch
in-plane switching (IPS) liquid crystal displays (LCD) supplied by two sources:
LG Display and Japan Display. The displays likely employ Corning's Gorilla 3
glass, compared to Gorilla 2 in the iPhone 5S and 5C.

Because of its larger size, the display/touch-screen subsystem in the iPhone 6
Plus carries a cost of $52.50, compared to $45.00 for the iPhone 6.

Both displays are also more expensive than for the smaller, 4-inch display/touch
subsystem used in the iPhone 5S model, at $41.00, based on pricing from October
2013.

Battery boost

The larger form factor of the iPhone 6 Plus allows it to employ a bigger,
higher-capacity battery. The iPhone 6 Plus battery has a capacity of 11.1
watt-hours (Wh), compared to 6.91 Wh for the iPhone 6. Because of this, the
battery subsystem in the Plus is $1.00 more expensive than in the iPhone 6.

Also owing to their larger sizes, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus both have more
capacity than the 5S, which came in at just 5.92 Wh.

Furthermore, the camera of the Plus is $1.50 more expensive than in the iPhone
6.

Samsung and TSMC

In a major departure in component supplier selection from previous models, the
critical applications processor chip used in both the new iPhones is not
supplied entirely by Samsung.

The new models use the Apple-designed A8 processor, replacing the A7 employed in
the iPhone 5S. The A8 exhibits new markings that are not consistent with
previous A-series processors. IHS believes that Apple now is splitting its
orders for the A8 processor between semiconductor foundry Taiwan Semiconductor
Manufacturing Co. Ltd. (TSMC) and Samsung.

The A8 integrates twice the number of transistors as in the previous-generation
A7 processor used in the iPhone 5S, but the part is still smaller than the A7
due to the use of more advanced semiconductor manufacturing technology. With its
more advanced design and manufacturing, the A8 in the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
models costs $20.00, compared to $17.00 for the A7 in the iPhone 5S.

Sensor shift

The new-model iPhones also feature some key changes to the sensor/microphone
subsystem.

In the individual iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models analyzed, IHS identified a 6
-axis sensor supplied by InvenSense. Previous iPhones torn down by IHS used
accelerometers from Bosch Sensortec and Gyroscopes supplied by ST
Microelectronics. The new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus feature an accelerometer from
Bosch Sensortec and the 6-axis sensor from InvenSense. It may be possible that
these parts are multisourced, even though the small number of samples analyzed
by IHS does not reveal this.

The new iPhones also add a barometric sensor, marking the first time Apple has
employed this type of sensor in its smartphone line.

Despite some reports to the contrary, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus contain the
same AKM electronic compass used in previous models.

NFC champion

To support the new Apple Pay feature, the new iPhones add a near-field
communication (NFC) chip, another first for Apple's smartphones. The latest
phones include the PN65V NFC controller from NXP Semiconductors, as well as a
previously unseen NFC-booster integrated circuit from AMS.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               6 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Chennai Online

                         September 19, 2014 6:30 AM EST

You can now pre-order your iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus at Grabmore.in

LENGTH: 415  words


You can now pre-order your iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus at Grabmore.in

~ iPhone 6 (16GB) is priced Rs. 54,999 and iPhone 6 Plus (16GB) at Rs. 59,999 ~

Chennai, September 18, 2014: One of the fastest growing USA and Europe products
selling e-commerce portal Grabmore.in recently announced that reducing further
more price for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus and is now available on the portal for
the customers. While iPhone 6 (16GB) is priced Rs. 54,999, iPhone 6 Plus (16GB)
is priced at Rs. 59,999. The website also offers 'free shipping' along with
'Grabmore One-year global warranty' which covers replacement and refund for
these products. A free Discount Gift Voucher worth Rs.500/- is also available on
the purchase of iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus from the e-commerce site.

Cost of iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus on Grabmore.in -


             16 GB     64 GB     128 GB
iPhone 6     Rs.       Rs.       Rs.
             54,999    59,999    64,999
iPhone 6     Rs.       Rs.       Rs.
Plus         59,999    64,999    70,999

Speaking on Grabmore Executive Director Mr. Satish Das said, "Last year, when
the iPhone 5s was launched, customers were very eager to own it immediately.
Realising the high demand for iPhones in the country, this year too we are
bringing the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus for our customers. Interestingly, we
will be shipping these products from the US itself as we want our customers to
feel highly satisfied with their shopping experience with us."

There are several easy payment options available to enable customers grab the
latest iPhone such as payment through 'Credit/Debit card/ Online transfer/ Bank
Deposit/ DD or Cheque'.  The portal also offers payment through EMI for certain
banks.

iPhone 6 will be launched in the US and elsewhere on September 19 and in India
on November. The products purchased through Grabmore.in are expected to be
delivered between November 01, 2014 and November 13, 2014.

To grab your latest iPhone, please visit -

http://www.grabmore.in/apple-iphone-6.html

About Grabmore

Grabmore.in is one of the first to offer USA & Europe products in India at
feasible price points. The website's outstanding features include highly
automated supply chain system and globally managed market place.  Simply put,
buyers get access to shop excitng products that are available from other parts
of the world.

It's key categories include Electronics, Home Appliances, Kitchenware,
Computers, ebook readers, tablet PCs, laptops, Health And Beauty, Baby Clothing
And Accessories, Jewelery, Music and mp3 players, mobile phones and accessories,
Office Products, Watches, Etc.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


 Copyright 2014 Chennai Interactive Business Services (P) Ltd., distributed by
                                  Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Size does matter, after all;
Apple has made a U-turn on its stand on small screens with the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus. TREVOR TAN finds out if bigger is really better

SECTION: DIGITAL LIFE; Apple

LENGTH: 1151 words


iOS 8

Both iPhones come with iOS 8, which has many news features.

One of these upgrades is the built-in predictive QuickType Keyboard. It was
quite good in predicting what I wanted to type, making it faster for me to write
text or e-mail messages.

You can also install third-party predictive keyboards such as SwiftKey (free) or
Swype ($1.28). Once you download the keyboards, go to Settings >General
>Keyboard >Keyboards. At Add Keyboard function, you will find SwiftKey or Swype
available.

Android users who are reading this are probably laughing now as they have had
this feature for a long time. But better late than never. I found Swype to be
really superb, as it allows me to slide my finger across the virtual keyboard
instead of typing letter by letter. And it almost always got me the word I
wanted and predicted the next one intelligently.

You can now record and send audio or video messages within iMessages. You can
set these audio and video clips to expire after two minutes. Listening to the
audio clips is particularly cool, as you can just put the headset to your ear to
hear the message instead of tapping a play button.

For iPhone 6 Plus, the icons in the Home screen will rotate to match the
orientation of the display in landscape mode. In this mode, iPhone 6 Plus apps
such as iMessages and Mail will show two panels: one, a list of messages; and
the other, the selected message.

The Health app, which relies considerably on third-party apps for information,
is hampered by delays till the end of the month because of a bug in the
HealthKit framework.

Certain features, such as Continuity, will come in handy only when the new OS X
Yosemite launches. Continuity lets you continue typing an e-mail message or
viewing a website when you switch from iPhone to Mac, for example.

Display

The iPhone 6 features a 4.7-inch Retina HD display with a screen resolution of
1,334 x 750 pixels and a pixel density of 326 pixels per inch (ppi).

The iPhone 6 Plus has the same display as its sibling. However, it is
substantially bigger at 5.5 inches and has a resolution of 1,920 x 1,080 pixels.
This gives it a pixel density of 401ppi, the highest ever in an iPhone.

Its rivals the Samsung Galaxy S5 and the upcoming Samsung Galaxy Note 4 have
432ppi and 550ppi respectively.

Apple said the Retina HD displays are made of ion-strengthened glass, which is
more resistant to scratching and shattering.

Both displays use the same technology that is supposed to give you a better
viewing experience, with deeper blacks and sharper text.

Dual-domain pixels ensure colour accuracy from corner to corner for a wider
viewing angle, while an improved built-in polariser lets you see the screen more
clearly when you are outdoors in sunlight.

Both displays looked sharp. I saw very little colour or brightness shift when
viewing both displays from the side. Even when you are outdoors, you will be
able to see what is displayed clearly.

Because the iPhone 6 Plus has a bigger screen, its display looks brighter and
sharper even though it has the same brightness level and its pixel density is
only marginally higher than that of the iPhone 6. Photos and videos all look
much better on this display than on the smaller iPhone.

I think the bigger screen of the iPhone 6 Plus accentuates the whole viewing
experience. In addition, the extra real estate provides ample space for virtual
buttons while leaving enough to display the main action.

Design

The flat sides and chamfered edges of the iPhone 5/5s are things of the past. In
the new iPhones, the front glass panel curves around the edges for a smooth and
seamless meeting with the rounded edges of the anodised aluminium shell, a
perfect union of glass and metal.

The rear sheds the two-tone look of its predecessors for a more uniform colour.
Only the antenna band is slightly different in colour.

The Sleep/Wake button has migrated from the top to the right side of the device,
for easier access with your right thumb.

The volume buttons, which were round in the iPhone 5s, are now elongated like
those found on the iPad Air. Rounded edges make it comfortable to hold either of
the new iPhones in your hand.

However, the iPhone 6 is much better for one-hand operation for most people.
Being smaller, it lets you access the buttons more easily.

While it may not be as easy to use the iPhone 6 Plus with one hand, a feature
that Apple terms Readability lets you move the screen down by double tapping the
Home button for better one-hand operation.

Some of my colleagues who handled the iPhone 6 Plus had trouble reaching the
Home button to activate this feature. I think most people may end up using the
iPhone 6 Plus with both hands.

Speed

With an upgraded 64-bit A8 chip, both new iPhones operate much more speedily
than earlier models when you open apps, browse the Internet or view photos and
videos.

In the Geekbench 3 benchmark tests, the iPhone 6 scored 1,625 (single-core) and
2,921 (multi-core) while the iPhone 6 Plus scored 1,621 (single-core) and 2,914
(multi-core). So it is a tie in terms of performance. Where it took 20sec to
load Infinity Blade III on the iPhone 5s, both the new iPhones loaded the game
in about 9sec.

Camera

Both the new iPhones have the same 8-megapixel f/2.2 rear camera and can shoot
slow-motion video at 240 frames per second (fps), instead of the iPhone 5s
camera's 120fps.

Pictures and videos shot by both new iPhones were sharp with crisp details, even
in the darker areas of the image.

The iPhone 6 Plus has an optical image stabiliser which reduces the effect of
camera shake. This is more effective than the digital image stabiliser of the
iPhone 6. As a result, action videos shot with the iPhone 6 Plus look more
stable and less jerky than those shot with the iPhone 6.

I found the autofocusing to be faster in the iPhone 6 Plus than the iPhone 6.
This was especially so when shooting in dim conditions.

Battery life

Apple has not specified the capacity of the battery. But iPhone 6 Plus is
supposed to provide 24 hours of 3G talk time (16 days on standby), while the
iPhone 6 is supposed to have 14 hours of 3G talk time (10 days on standby).

In my tests, which included viewing Facebook and Twitter updates, e-mail
messages and sending WhatsApp messages, I found that you would probably need to
charge your iPhone 6 by the time you get home from work, whereas you should only
need to charge your iPhone 6 Plus when you go to bed.

In our intensive battery life test in which a 720p video is looped at full
brightness and full volume with Wi-Fi on, the iPhone 6 lasted 6hr 55min, while
the iPhone 6 Plus lasted 7hr 35min. In the same test, the iPhone 5s clocked 6hr
45min.

If your hands are of average size, the iPhone 6 should suffice. But if you
prefer a larger display and a longer battery life, the iPhone 6 Plus is a must.
If you are undecided, go and handle both iPhones at a shop before you make your
choice.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

IPhone Sales Beat Opening Weekend,But Near Flat Vs. '14; Analysts Mixed; Stock
Falls; Apple says 13 million units sold in first 3 days, but China included this
year

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: INTERNET & TECHNOLOGY; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 819 words


For Apple, iPhone 6 S sounds like success.

The Cupertino, Calif.-based company Monday announced that it sold more than 13
million iPhone 6 S and 6 S Plus models in their first three days of retail
availability starting Friday. That beats the previous record of 10 million
units, set last year during the opening weekend of iPhone 6 sales.

"Sales for iPhone 6 S and iPhone 6 S Plus have been phenomenal, blowing past any
previous first weekend sales results in Apple's history," Apple CEO Tim Cook
said in a statement. "Customers' feedback is incredible and they are loving 3 D
Touch and Live Photos, and we can't wait to bring iPhone 6 S and iPhone 6 S Plus
to customers in even more countries on Oct. 9."

Apple beat Wall Street's target of 12 million iPhone 6 S unit sales for the
opening weekend, FBR analyst Daniel Ives said in a research report Monday. Ives
rates Apple stock outperform.

"We view 13 million as a "bull case' number from the weekend as bears were
saying 10.5 million to 11 million was possible, and this was up significantly
from the 10 million units sold in the iPhone 6 first launch weekend," Ives said.

The comparison to last year's  iPhone sales, however, is not apples-to-apples,
Ives pointed out. China alone likely added 2 million to 2.5 million units to the
launch total this year, he said.

Apple launched the iPhone 6 S on Friday in 12 countries, compared with 10 for
the iPhone 6. The big addition this year was China. The other launch countries
were Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto
Rico, Singapore, the U.K. and the U.S.

Investors weren't unimpressed with Apple's iPhone 6 S sales. Apple stock fell 2%
Monday to 112.44, but on a day when the major indexes all fell more than 1.9%.

40 More Countries Soon

On Oct. 9 and 10, Apple will roll out the new iPhones to more than 40 additional
countries and territories, including Italy, Mexico, Russia and Spain. It will
add India, Malaysia and Turkey on Oct. 16, bringing its total to 57 markets.

Apple expects to be selling the  iPhone 6 S series in over 130 counties by
year-end.

The iPhone 6 S series phones feature a pressure-sensitive display, a faster
processor, improved cameras and the Live Photos feature, which adds motion to
still pictures. The phones come in four colors (silver, gold, space gray and
rose gold) and three data-storage configurations (16 gigabytes, 64 GB and 128
GB).

The iPhone 6 S and 6 S Plus start at $649 and $749, respectively, when paid in
full. Apple and wireless carriers also are offering monthly installment billing
plans.

Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster said early iPhone 6 S sales are promising.

"We see opening weekend results, coupled with our read on sell-through, as a
sign that the iPhone 6 S cycle is off to a good start and continue to be
comfortable with our 3% iPhone 6 S cycle unit growth compared to the Street at
flat," Munster said in a note Monday.

The 4.7-inch iPhone 6 S appears to be generally available, while the 5.5-inch
iPhone 6 S Plus is on back-order, Munster said.

Munster rates Apple stock overweight, with a price target of 172.

The iPhone 6 S appears to be off to a "healthy start," though the inclusion of
China this year clouds the comparisons to last year's  iPhone 6 launch, Nomura
analyst Jeffrey Kvaal said in a note Monday. He rates Apple stock a buy, with a
price target of 145.

BMO Capital Markets analyst Keith Bachman said iPhone 6 S sales also benefited
from a longer period of pre-orders. Days from pre-orders to availability for the
iPhone 6 S were 13 days, compared with seven days for the prior three iPhone
launches, he said in a note Monday.

Faster Distribution Schedule

Bachman rates Apple stock as outperform, with a price target of 145.

Mizuho Securities analyst Abhey Lamba was unmoved by Apple's first-weekend
iPhone sales number.

The sales figure "does not seem overwhelmingly positive" when you factor out
China sales, he said in a note Monday.

Lamba reiterated his neutral rating on Apple stock and price target of 125.

Apple looks to fight difficult comparisons to last year's wildly successful
iPhone 6 launch by expanding distribution more rapidly this year, Lamba said.

Apple intends to ship the new phones to over 130 countries by year's end vs. 115
by the end of 2014 for the iPhone 6, he said.

Cowen analyst Timothy Arcuri concurred, saying iPhone 6 S unit sales are flat to
up slightly year-over-year on a pro-forma basis.

He rates Apple stock as market perform with a price target of 130.

A teardown analysis of a midrange iPhone 6 S by TechInsights revealed the
components cost $245, up 7% over the iPhone 6.

Apple's move to 2 gigabytes of memory for the iPhone 6 S, from 1 GB for the
iPhone 6, is one example of higher component costs.

The addition of a pressure-sensitive touchscreen, branded 3 D Touch; better
cameras; and a redesigned 7000 series aluminum case also boosted the cost of the
device, TechInsights said.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

IPhone Sales Beat Opening Weekend,But Near Flat Vs. '14 Analysts Mixed; Stock
Falls Apple says 13 million units sold in first 3 days, but China included this
year

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ . "Customers' feedback is incredible and they are loving
3D Touch and Live Photos, and we can't wait to bring iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S
Plus to customers in even more countries on Oct. 9." Apple beat Wall Street's +
target of 12 million iPhone 6S unit sales for the opening weekend, FBR analyst
Daniel Ives said in a research report Monday. Ives rates Apple stock outperform.
We view 13 million as a "bull case' number from the weekend as bears were saying
10.5 million+ to 11 million w

SECTION: A; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 617 words


For Apple, iPhone 6 S sounds like success.

The Cupertino, Calif.-based company Monday announced that it sold more than 13
million iPhone 6 S and 6 S Plus models in their first three days of retail
availability starting Friday. That beats the previous record of 10 million
units, set last year during the opening weekend of iPhone 6 sales.

"Sales for iPhone 6 S and iPhone 6 S Plus have been phenomenal, blowing past any
previous first weekend sales results in Apple's history," Apple CEO Tim Cook
said in a statementlaunched the iPhone 6 S40 More Countries Soon

On Oct. 9 and 10, Apple will roll out the new iPhones to more than 40 additional
countries and territories, including Italy, Mexico, Russia and Spain. It will
add India, Malaysia and Turkey on Oct. 16, bringing its total to 57 markets.

Apple expects to be selling the  iPhone 6 S series in over 130 counties by
year-end.

The iPhone 6 S series phones feature a pressure-sensitive display, a faster
processor, improved cameras and the Live Photos feature, which adds motion to
still pictures. The phones come in four colors (silver, gold, space gray and
rose gold) and three data-storage configurations (16 gigabytes, 64 GB and 128
GB).

The iPhone 6 S and 6 S Plus start at $649 and $749, respectively, when paid in
full. Apple and wireless carriers also are offering monthly installment billing
plans.

Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster said early iPhone 6 S sales are promising.

"We see opening weekend results, coupled with our read on sell-through, as a
sign that the iPhone 6 S cycle is off to a good start and continue to be
comfortable with our 3% iPhone 6 S cycle unit growth compared to the Street at
flat," Munster said in a note Monday.

The 4.7-inch iPhone 6 S appears to be generally available, while the 5.5-inch
iPhone 6 S Plus is on back-order, Munster said.

Munster rates Apple stock overweight, with a price target of 172.

The iPhone 6 S appears to be off to a "healthy start," though the inclusion of
China this year clouds the comparisons to last year's  iPhone 6 launch, Nomura
analyst Jeffrey Kvaal said in a note Monday. He rates Apple stock a buy, with a
price target of 145.

BMO Capital Markets analyst Keith Bachman said iPhone 6 S sales also benefited
from a longer period of pre-orders. Days from pre-orders to availability for the
iPhone 6 S were 13 days, compared with seven days for the prior three iPhone
launches, he said in a note Monday.

Faster Distribution Schedule

Bachman rates Apple stock as outperform, with a price target of 145.

Mizuho Securities analyst Abhey Lamba was unmoved by Apple's first-weekend
iPhone sales number.

The sales figure "does not seem overwhelmingly positive" when you factor out
China sales, he said in a note Monday.

Lamba reiterated his neutral rating on Apple stock and price target of 125.

Apple looks to fight difficult comparisons to last year's wildly successful
iPhone 6 launch by expanding distribution more rapidly this year, Lamba said.

Apple intends to ship the new phones to over 130 countries by year's end vs. 115
by the end of 2014 for the iPhone 6, he said.

Cowen analyst Timothy Arcuri concurred, saying iPhone 6 S unit sales are flat to
up slightly year-over-year on a pro-forma basis.

He rates Apple stock as market perform with a price target of 130.

A teardown analysis of a midrange iPhone 6 S by TechInsights revealed the
components cost $245, up 7% over the iPhone 6.

Apple's move to 2 gigabytes of memory for the iPhone 6 S, from 1 GB for the
iPhone 6, is one example of higher component costs.

The addition of a pressure-sensitive touchscreen, branded 3 D Touch; better
cameras; and a redesigned 7000 series aluminum case also boosted the cost of the
device, TechInsights said.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday
                                  EAST EDITION

IPhone Sales Beat Opening Weekend,But Near Flat Vs. '14 Analysts Mixed; Stock
Falls Apple says 13 million units sold in first 3 days, but China included this
year

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ . "Customers' feedback is incredible and they are loving
3D Touch and Live Photos, and we can't wait to bring iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S
Plus to customers in even more countries on Oct. 9." Apple beat Wall Street's +
target of 12 million iPhone 6S unit sales for the opening weekend, FBR analyst
Daniel Ives said in a research report Monday. Ives rates Apple stock outperform.
We view 13 million as a "bull case' number from the weekend as bears were saying
10.5 million+ to 11 million w

SECTION: A; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 617 words


For Apple, iPhone 6 S sounds like success.

The Cupertino, Calif.-based company Monday announced that it sold more than 13
million iPhone 6 S and 6 S Plus models in their first three days of retail
availability starting Friday. That beats the previous record of 10 million
units, set last year during the opening weekend of iPhone 6 sales.

"Sales for iPhone 6 S and iPhone 6 S Plus have been phenomenal, blowing past any
previous first weekend sales results in Apple's history," Apple CEO Tim Cook
said in a statementlaunched the iPhone 6 S40 More Countries Soon

On Oct. 9 and 10, Apple will roll out the new iPhones to more than 40 additional
countries and territories, including Italy, Mexico, Russia and Spain. It will
add India, Malaysia and Turkey on Oct. 16, bringing its total to 57 markets.

Apple expects to be selling the  iPhone 6 S series in over 130 counties by
year-end.

The iPhone 6 S series phones feature a pressure-sensitive display, a faster
processor, improved cameras and the Live Photos feature, which adds motion to
still pictures. The phones come in four colors (silver, gold, space gray and
rose gold) and three data-storage configurations (16 gigabytes, 64 GB and 128
GB).

The iPhone 6 S and 6 S Plus start at $649 and $749, respectively, when paid in
full. Apple and wireless carriers also are offering monthly installment billing
plans.

Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster said early iPhone 6 S sales are promising.

"We see opening weekend results, coupled with our read on sell-through, as a
sign that the iPhone 6 S cycle is off to a good start and continue to be
comfortable with our 3% iPhone 6 S cycle unit growth compared to the Street at
flat," Munster said in a note Monday.

The 4.7-inch iPhone 6 S appears to be generally available, while the 5.5-inch
iPhone 6 S Plus is on back-order, Munster said.

Munster rates Apple stock overweight, with a price target of 172.

The iPhone 6 S appears to be off to a "healthy start," though the inclusion of
China this year clouds the comparisons to last year's  iPhone 6 launch, Nomura
analyst Jeffrey Kvaal said in a note Monday. He rates Apple stock a buy, with a
price target of 145.

BMO Capital Markets analyst Keith Bachman said iPhone 6 S sales also benefited
from a longer period of pre-orders. Days from pre-orders to availability for the
iPhone 6 S were 13 days, compared with seven days for the prior three iPhone
launches, he said in a note Monday.

Faster Distribution Schedule

Bachman rates Apple stock as outperform, with a price target of 145.

Mizuho Securities analyst Abhey Lamba was unmoved by Apple's first-weekend
iPhone sales number.

The sales figure "does not seem overwhelmingly positive" when you factor out
China sales, he said in a note Monday.

Lamba reiterated his neutral rating on Apple stock and price target of 125.

Apple looks to fight difficult comparisons to last year's wildly successful
iPhone 6 launch by expanding distribution more rapidly this year, Lamba said.

Apple intends to ship the new phones to over 130 countries by year's end vs. 115
by the end of 2014 for the iPhone 6, he said.

Cowen analyst Timothy Arcuri concurred, saying iPhone 6 S unit sales are flat to
up slightly year-over-year on a pro-forma basis.

He rates Apple stock as market perform with a price target of 130.

A teardown analysis of a midrange iPhone 6 S by TechInsights revealed the
components cost $245, up 7% over the iPhone 6.

Apple's move to 2 gigabytes of memory for the iPhone 6 S, from 1 GB for the
iPhone 6, is one example of higher component costs.

The addition of a pressure-sensitive touchscreen, branded 3 D Touch; better
cameras; and a redesigned 7000 series aluminum case also boosted the cost of the
device, TechInsights said.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           November 1, 2014 Saturday

Three leading operators launch iPhone 6 and 6 Plus after pre-ordering on Oct 24

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 710 words


Asina Pornwasin

The Nation

The country's three leading mobile operators yesterday officially launched the
much-awaited iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smart-phone models in Thailand.

The companies had allowed people to pre-order the devices on their websites on
October 24.

Pakorn Pannachet, senior vice president, Market Division, at Total Access
Communication (DTAC), said the company was offering six promotions â[#x20ac]"
together dubbed the "Six Pack" â[#x20ac]" for customers who buy an iPhone 6 or
iPhone 6 Plus.

DTAC's highlight package is called the "Up Package", which allows customer who
buy one of the newly available iPhones on 12-month packages of Bt890, Bt1,499 or
Bt1,999 per month to receive huge discounts of between Bt19,000 and Bt28,500
when they exchange their device to buy a new smart phone after the period
expires.

"Customers can trade in for a new smart phone, either a new iPhone or another
brand, with DTAC," said Pakorn.

The iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus that they want to trade in in the future has to be
in good condition and complete with accessories, otherwise the discount will be
reduced.

"During two days, October 31 to November 1, some 1,700 customers will receive
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus from us â[#x20ac]" 1,200 people in Bangkok and about 100
each at our five centres in the provinces," he said yesterday.

More people have placed orders for the iPhone 6 due to its 64-gigabyte size,
with the 128GB and 16GB being the next most popular models.

The "Up Package" is expected to help raise DTAC's post-paid average revenue per
user from the current level of Bt600, with the positive impact being felt in the
next six to nine months," the executive added.

DTAC now has 3.5 million post-paid customers, of which 80 per cent use wireless
data service.

By the end of the year, he said, the company aimed to have sold the iPhone 6 and
6 Plus in the hundreds of thousands. "We got more than 20,000 pre orders in just
two hours on October 24," said Pakorn.

First and best 4G LTE service

True Move H, meanwhile, arranged an event for its official launch of the iPhone
6 and 6 Plus after midnight on Thursday.

Papon Ratanachaikanont, group executive director and executive assistant to the
CEO at True Corp, said TrueMove H was excited about bringing the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus to its customers, and enabling them to enjoy the best devices with
Thailand's "first and best 4G LTE service" in Bangkok and 14 major cities.

"With the unique combination of 4G LTE, the largest nationwide 3G and Wi-Fi
networks, exclusive apps and content for our subscribers, TrueMove H is ready to
offer users an unparalleled and optimum mobile Internet experience on the iPhone
6 and iPhone 6 Plus," he said.

In addition, the iPhone 5s will be available starting at Bt20,700, and the
iPhone 5c from Bt14,900.

True Move H unveiled its prices for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus â[#x20ac]"
device only, without package â[#x20ac]" as starting from Bt25,550 for the former
with 16GB, and Bt37,300 for the latter with 128GB.

The prices are a little higher than those available for the same models on
Apple's online store, which offers starting prices of Bt24,900 and Bt36,900.

Meanwhile, the same models from True Move H are Bt300 and Bt600 lower,
respectively, than Apple's online prices.

Advanced Info Service (AIS) yesterday also announced its promotions with the
official launch of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

The iPhone 6 is now available at AIS shops and authorised Telewiz outlets
nationwide at the starting price of Bt2,480 per month for the 16GB model, while
the iPhone 6 Plus will be available from Bt2,865 monthly for the 16GB model
â[#x20ac]" both on 10-month instalment packages.

Customers can pre-order both models now at www.ais.co.th/iphone6.

AIS customers will be able to connect the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus to its
reliable 3G network, said Titipong Khiewpaisal, senior vice president for
marketing.

AIS is pleased to bring the world-class iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus to Apple fans
all over Thailand, he said, adding that the new iPhones, combined with AIS's
high-quality network, customer service and valuable packages, will meet the
digital lifestyles and shifting demands of today's customers.

In addition, the iPhone 5s will be available starting at Bt2,010 per month, also
on a 10-month instalment basis.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                            October 7, 2014 Tuesday

Everything you need to know about iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus pre-orders

BYLINE: Tech Desk

LENGTH: 325  words


It's already official that you can now get the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus before
Diwali. Apple will start selling in India from Friday, October 17. However, the
buyers will have to pre-order to get it on the launch date. From Tuesday,
interested buyers can pre-order the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus at any authorised
Apple shop.

The Apple iPhone 6 16GB is priced Rs. 53,500, the 64GB at Rs. 62,500 and 128GB
at Rs. 71,500. The Apple iPhone 6 Plus 16 GB is priced Rs. 62,500, 64GB at Rs.
71,500 and 128GB at Rs. 80,500.

To pre-order, buyers will have to visit any authorised Apple shop and book the
desired iPhone version by specifying the model, colour and storage version. The
pre-booking will be confirmed with a token, which will given to the buyer.
Officially, the entire pre-booking process is free. Customers are not required
to pay any sort of booking or confirmation amount.

Once pre-booked, buyers can walk into the store any time on October 17 and buy
the booked iPhone model by paying the total price. Pre-booking assures launch
day delivery.

If you wish to buy online, then Infibeam.com is the only legit choice. Infibeam
is the only Internet reseller in India which is authorised by Apple to sell
iPhones online. Infibeam is assuring launch day deliver across major cities in
India on pre-booking.

Apple partner Ingram Micro has announced that it will offer iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus at leading modern trade stores and retail outlets across India beginning
from 12:01am on October 17. Several other stores have also decided to start the
iPhone 6 sales from midnight of the launch day.

Click here to get a quick look at the new features of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

All stories related to iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

Prices:


                   16 GB     64 GB     128 GB
Apple iphone 6     Rs.       Rs.       Rs.
                   53,500    62,500    71,500
Apple iPhone 6     Rs.       Rs.       Rs.
Plus               62,500    71,500    80,500

So, which one do you prefer to buy- iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus? Share your views
at the comment section below.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                     PalFX

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Etisalat to Offer iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus in UAE on September 27

LENGTH: 403 words


ABU DHABI--September 25, 2014--Etisalat today announced it will offer iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus, the biggest advancements in iPhone history, Starting
Saturday, September 27 in UAE. iPhone 6 will be available starting at AED 0
upfront for the 16GB model and iPhone 6 Plus will be available starting at AED 0
upfront for the 16GB model.  Etisalat will allow iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
customers to connect to UAE's widest LTE network.
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are the biggest advancements in iPhone history,
featuring two new models with stunning 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch Retina HD displays,
and packed with innovative technologies in an all-new dramatically thin and
seamless design that is still comfortable to hold and easy to use. Both models
are better in every way and include: the Apple-designed A8 chip with second
generation 64-bit desktop-class architecture for blazing fast performance and
power efficiency; advanced iSight and FaceTime HD cameras; and ultrafast
wireless technologies.

The new iPhones include iOS 8, the biggest release since the App Store,
featuring a simpler, faster and more intuitive user experience with new Messages
and Photos features, predictive typing for Apple's QuickType keyboard and Family
Sharing. iOS 8 also includes the new Health app, giving you a clear overview of
your health and fitness data and iCloud Drive, so you can store files and access
them from anywhere.
"We know that our customers in the UAE can't wait to get their hands on iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus, which set the standard for innovation and style," said Khaled
ElKhouly, Chief Marketing Officer at Etisalat. "At Etisalat, we are equally
excited to offer our customers smartphone plans designed to give them the
ultimate experience on iPhone and at a great value."
Pricing and details for iPhone:


Plan               Plan 1                Plan 2
Voice (minutes)    50 - Flexible*        1,000 - Local50 -
                                         Flexible*
SMS                0                     0
Data (MB)          1,000                 10,000
Contract Length    24 months             18 months
iPhone 6 16GB      AED 200/mo. for 24    AED 450/mo. for 18 mo.
                   mo.
iPhone 6 64GB      AED 225/mo. for 24    AED 475/mo. for 18 mo.
                   mo.
iPhone 6 128GB     AED 250/mo. for 24    AED 500/mo. for 18 mo.
                   mo.
iPhone 6 Plus 16GB AED 225/mo. for 24    AED 475/mo. for 18 mo.
                   mo.
iPhone 6 Plus 64GB AED 250/mo. for 24    AED 500/mo. for 18 mo.
                   mo.
iPhone 6 Plus      AED 275/mo. for 24    AED 525/mo. for 18 mo.
128GB              mo.

*Flexible minutes can be used for local or international calls.
For more information on iPhone, please visit: www.apple.com/iphone.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 1230


                Copyright 2014 PalFX Information Services FZ LLZ
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

Bigger is better when it comes to the new iPhones

BYLINE: Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla, Calgary Herald

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. C9

LENGTH: 446 words


The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which started selling in Canada last Friday,
feature an all-new seamless unibody design, second generation 64-bit Apple A8
processors, a new camera sensor, a Near Field Communications (NFC) chip for
payments, as well as the most LTE bands (20) on any smartphones in the market.

The most noticeable features are the larger screens. For the iPhone 6, the
4.7-Retina HD display is a big move up from the iPhone 5s and its 4-inch
display. Despite a larger size, iPhone 6 retains a thin and light profile at 6.9
millimetres.

The iPhone 6 Plus, which has an even larger 5.5-inch display, is Apple's largest
smartphone yet and seems to be the more popular model, selling out in stores
within minutes. The carrier-unlocked versions of the iPhone 6 aren't cheap,
starting at $749 for the 16GB version, while the iPhone 6

Plus begins at $859. Here is what the new iPhones have to offer.

iPhone 6

The iPhone 6, at 4.7-inches, now goes head-to-head with many flagship devices
running on An droid and Windows Phone in terms of display size, but is still
thinner and lighter than many of its competitors.

The 4.7-inch new generation Retina HD Display features a 1133 x 750 pixel
resolution with the same 326 pixel per inch pixel density from the iPhone 5s.
This gives a larger canvas for apps and content. It has 38 per cent more viewing
area than the iPhone 5/5s while only being 13 per cent larger in volume.

Even the protective glass on the screen tapers to give the new iPhone 6 a
continuous flow and feel. The iPhone 6 looks and performs like a flagship
smartphone and will be a worthy upgrade to anyone coming from a smaller iPhone
or rival smartphone.

Improved camera quality as well as the potential for future mobile payments
using Apple Pay system plus the built-in Touch ID fingerprint scanner, sets the
iPhone 6 apart.

iPhone 6 Plus

The larger iPhone 6 presents the biggest departure in size for Apple's flagship
phone.

It shares nearly all the specs and features of the iPhone 6, with a 5.5-inch
display. This has a 1920-by-1080 resolution, providing 88 per cent more viewing
area and nearly three times the pixels of iPhone 5s, with 55 per cent larger
volume. Larger screens are better for videos, photos, reading websites and
eBooks.

Ideal for users looking for a 'tweener device between large smartphones and
small tablets, the iPhone 6 Plus excels at battery life giving up to a day and a
half use on a single charge.

Making use of the larger screen, apps automatically reorient themselves when in
horizontal mode and show more information and control options. iPhone 6 Plus
also has an optical image stabilization feature for shake free photos and
videos.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: For The Calgary Herald; By offering iPhones with bigger screens, Apple
hopes to entice users of larger devices from its rivals.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Calgary Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

iPhone 6 priced at AED 2599, iPhone 6 Plus at AED 2999

LENGTH: 181  words


Earlier today, Etisalat posted that the iPhone 6 will be available in the UAE
from September 26. Apple's UAE store has September 27th set as the day when you
can order from the website which is one day later than Etisalat but pricing for
all models of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are posted [...]
The post iPhone 6 priced at AED 2599, iPhone 6 Plus at AED 2999 appeared first
on tbreak.ae.

Earlier today, Etisalat posted that the iPhone 6 will be available in the UAE
from September 26. Apple's UAE store has September 27th set as the day when you
can order from the website which is one day later than Etisalat but pricing for
all models of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are posted which are as follows


Model        16GB    64GB    128GB
iPhone 6     AED     AED     AED
             2599    2999    3399
iPhone 6     AED     AED     AED
Plus         2999    3399    3799

The new iPhone 6 features a 4.7-inch screen while the iPhone 6 Plus has a
5.5-inch screen. Both the new iPhones come with Apple's latest A8 and M8
processors as well as enhanced cameras and NFC technology.

The post iPhone 6 priced at AED 2599, iPhone 6 Plus at AED 2999 appeared first
on tbreak.ae.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2014 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                   September 17, 2014 Wednesday 10:51 AM GMT

iPhone 6: UK release date, pre-orders, price and features of Apple's
next-generation smartphone;
Apple has already seen a record number of iPhone 6 pre-orders. With just days to
go until the new device hits shelves, here's everything you need to know

BYLINE: By Mikey Smith

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1111 words


Apple iPhone 6: Pricing and release date confirmed for Apple's all new smart
phone

With just two days to go until the iPhone 6 hits shelves across the world, Apple
has reported pre-orders in record numbers.

In the first weekend alone, 4m eager fans placed orders for the new big-screen
iPhone 6 and bigger-screen 6 plus. And with launch day drawing nearer, the
mobile networks are unveiling their price plans - with some even offering the
Phone with no up-front cost.

Don't buy an iPhone without checking our price plan guide

Both versions of iPhone 6 will come with iOS 8, Apple's latest mobile operating
system, which is due for release today.

Here's all the information we have about the new iPhones, including when and how
you'll be able to get your hands on one!iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus

Apple unveiled two models of iPhone last night. The 4.7" iPhone 6 is their
standard model, and is the direct descendant of the iPhone 5S.

The iPhone 6 Plus, while containing most of the same innards as the 6, is a
different beast in many ways. Designed to hit the part of the smartphone market
dominated by big-screen phones like Samsung's Galaxy Note, it has a huge 5.5"
screen - the biggest an iPhone has ever had by far.

There are also differences to battery life and performance, and a slightly
upgraded camera - but in all other respects the devices are the same.Price

If you're looking to buy the iPhone 6 outright, here's how much it'll cost you
directly from Apple.

iPhone 6 pricing

iPhone 6 Plus pricing

The networks have begun to outline their subsidised iPhone 6 costs.

Our guide to the best iPhone 6 mobile network price plan options

Three offers three plans - all of which are on 24 month contracts and carry a
£99 upfront cost for a 16GB iPhone 6. Monthly costs vary based on data
allowance, and start at £38 a month.

EE's 'recommended' deal carries an upfront cost of £99.99 and a monthly cost of
£40.99, including 2GB of data on a 24 month contract. Their cheapest monthly
price plan is £14.99, with 500MB of data and £449.99 up front.

Vodafone's 2 year deals start with a free phone on a £53.50 monthly cost, and
includes 6 months of netflix, and 2 years of either Spotify Premium or Sky
Sports Mobile. They have various options based on data allowance and up front
cost, but their monthly costs don't go below £43.50. They also offer the iPhone
on a 12 month contract, with upfront costs starting at £249 on a £53.50 monthly
cost.

Tesco Mobile have come out with an interesting range of deals - all of which
include a free iPhone 6 or 6 plus and at least 3GB of data, and which start at
£41 per month. Their deals compare very favourably to the bigger networks.

Finally, O2 will give you a free phone for 2 years of £53 a month, with 20GB of
data and free insurance for 6 months. Their other tariffs vary wildly based on
upfront cost and inclusive data.Release date

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will both be available in stores from 8am on September
19th.

Pre-orders began on Friday, and the iPhone 6 Plus sold out almost instantly.
It's currently showing a 3-4 week delivery estimate - but the 4.7" iPhone 6 is
still available with delivery in 7-10 working days.Options

As with the iPhone 5s, the 6 and 6 Plus will both be available in Silver, Space
Grey, and gold. All three colours will be available at launch.

The storage options have been upgraded for the 6 and 6 Plus. The base storage
remains at 16GB, but above that it jumps to 64GB. A new 128GB option has been
introduced, and the 32GB option has been removed.

The iPhone 5S is still available in 16GB and 32GB, and the 5C is still available
with 8GB.Screen

The new screens aren't just bigger, Apple says they're better too.

The iPhone 6 has a 4.7" screen with the same 326 pixels-per-inch (ppi)
resolution as the 5S - but a vastly improved contrast ratio and wider viewing
angle.

The iPhone 6 Plus, though, is a different beast entirely. It has a huge 5.5"
screen with an increased 401ppi resolution, which will result in sharper images.

If you're thinking the screen might be too big for your thumb to reach the top,
worry not. A quick double touch on the phone's home button will temporarily
slide everything down the display to put it within the reach of your
digits.Camera

The improvements to the iPhone's camera are always among the highlights of Apple
events, and this time was no exception.

The new range hold a respectable 8MP sensor, with 'focus pixels' to allow
quicker auto-focus - a feature you'd expect to find on higher end cameras.

It'll do 43 megapixel panorama shots, too and the optical image stabiliser in
the 6 Plus will allow for much sharper photos in low light,

But the most impressive feature of all is the slow motion function. It goes
beyond the solid, day-to-day functions of the camera - to something that seems
almost magical. It was the feature you wanted to show off to your friends when
it was introduced in iOS 7, and it's even better now it'll take more
frames-per-second.

Apple iPhone 6: Slo-mo video revealed at 240 fps  Battery life

Apple says they've improved the iPhone 6 battery in "every metric" compared to
the iPhone 5S.

The two new models  will have equal or better battery life than the previous
handset in every category, Apple's Phil Schiller said.

The iPhone 6 will be able to support 50 hours of audio playback - up from 40
hours on the iPhone 5s; 11 hours of video, up from 10 hours with the previous
model; and 11 hours of WiFi browsing, also up from 10 hours.

The larger iPhone 6 Plus will support 80 hours of music listening, 14 hours of
video, and 12 hours of WiFi browsing.

The full first-hands on reviews have started to come in, with one reviewer
claiming to have seen a full two days of charge from the iPhone 6 plus battery.
If that's the case, it's a huge improvement.Digital payments

Apple Pay is only out in the States for now, but the tech giant are hoping it
leads to them revolutionising the payments industry in the same way they did the
music industry.

A lofty goal, but with shares in Paypal dipping sharply after it was announced,
it's clear people think Apple can pull it off.

Apple Pay lets you tie your credit or debit card to your iPhone and/or Apple
Watch, so you can make payments with a single tap.

Apple says the system is secure. Each transaction is made directly between you
and the merchant, so Apple never see how much you've spent and what on.

Also, if you leave your phone somewhere, you can just suspend Apple Pay using
Find My iPhone, without having to go through the hassle of cancelling your
credit card.

Now we just have to wait for Mastercard, Visa and American Express to adopt it
in this country...and for retailers over here to follow suit.

Buy iphone 6

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                   September 10, 2014 Wednesday 11:47 AM GMT

iPhone 6 release date, price, specs and features revealed;
Apple confirmed the price and release date of iPhone 6 last night at a huge
launch event in California. Here's everything you need to know about the new
devices

BYLINE: By Mikey Smith

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 850 words


Apple iPhone 6: Pricing and release date confirmed for Apple's all new smart
phone

Apple finally revealed the iPhone 6 last night in a packed launch event in
California.

As expected, the tech giant unveiled two models of the new device - the iPhone 6
and the larger iPhone 6 Plus - which has an improved camera, bigger screen and
better battery life.

Rabid Apple fans have already started camping outside the company's flagship
stores in London and around the world, eager to be among the first to own the
new devices.

Here's all the information we have about the new iPhones, including when and how
you'll be able to get your hands on one!iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus

Apple unveiled two models of iPhone last night. The 4.7" iPhone 6 is their
standard model, and is the direct descendant of the iPhone 5S.

The iPhone 6 Plus, while containing most of the same innards as the 6, is a
different beast in many ways. Designed to hit the part of the smartphone market
dominated by big-screen phones like Samsung's Galaxy Note, it has a huge 5.5"
screen - the biggest an iPhone has ever had by far.

There are also differences to battery life and performance, and a slightly
upgraded camera - but in all other respects the devices are the same.Release
date

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will both be available in stores from 8am on September
19th.

Most mobile networks will be taking pre-orders from 8am on September
12th.Options

As with the iPhone 5s, the 6 and 6 Plus will both be available in Silver, Space
Grey, and gold. All three colours will be available at launch.

The storage options have been upgraded for the 6 and 6 Plus. The base storage
remains at 16GB, but above that it jumps to 64GB. A new 128GB option has been
introduced, and the 32GB option has been removed.

The iPhone 5S is still available in 16GB and 32GB, and the 5C is still available
with 8GB.Price

The networks haven't begun announcing their subsidised prices yet, but here's
how much an unlocked 6 or 6 Plus will set you back if you buy it direct from
Apple.

iPhone 6 pricing

iPhone 6 Plus pricing

To give an idea of how much the subsidy is likely to be, here's what it'll cost
in the States to buy one on a two year contract. $199 is about £123.40.

iPhone 6 US pricing

iPhone 6 Plus US pricing  Screen

The new screens aren't just bigger, Apple say they're better too.

The iPhone 6 has a 4.7" screen with the same 326 pixels-per-inch (ppi)
resolution as the 5S - but a vastly improved contrast ratio and wider viewing
angle.

The iPhone 6 Plus, though, is a different beast entirely. It has a huge 5.5"
screen with an increased 401ppi resolution, which will result in sharper images.

If you're thinking the screen might be too big for your thumb to reach the top,
worry not. A quick double touch on the phone's home button will temporarily
slide everything down the display to put it within the reach of your
digits.Camera

The improvements to the iPhone's camera are always among the highlights of Apple
events, and this time was no exception.

The new range hold a respectable 8MP sensor, with 'focus pixels' to allow
quicker auto-focus - a feature you'd expect to find on higher end cameras.

It'll do 43 megapixel panorama shots, too and the optical image stabiliser in
the 6 Plus will allow for much sharper photos in low light,

But the most impressive feature of all is the slow motion function. It goes
beyond the solid, day-to-day functions of the camera - to something that seems
almost magical. It was the feature you wanted to show off to your friends when
it was introduced in iOS 7, and it's even better now it'll take more
frames-per-second.

Apple iPhone 6: Slo-mo video revealed at 240 fps  Battery life

Apple say they've improved the iPhone 6 battery in "every metric" compared to
the iPhone 5S.

The two new models  will have equal or better battery life than the previous
handset in every category, Apple's Phil Schiller said.

The iPhone 6 will be able to support 50 hours of audio playback - up from 40
hours on the iPhone 5s; 11 hours of video, up from 10 hours with the previous
model; and 11 hours of WiFi browsing, also up from 10 hours.

The larger iPhone 6 Plus will support 80 hours of music listening, 14 hours of
video, and 12 hours of WiFi browsing.Digital payments

Apple Pay is only out in the States for now, but the tech giant are hoping it
leads to them revolutionising the payments industry in the same way they did the
music industry.

A lofty goal, but with shares in Paypal dipping sharply after it was announced,
it's clear people think Apple can pull it off.

Apple Pay lets you tie your credit or debit card to your iPhone and/or Apple
Watch, so you can make payments with a single tap.

Apple say the system is secure. Each transaction is made directly between you
and the merchant, so Apple never see how much you've spent and what on.

Also, if you leave your phone somewhere, you can just suspend Apple Pay using
Find My iPhone, without having to go through the hassle of cancelling your
credit card.

Now we just have to wait for Mastercard, Visa and American Express to adopt it
in this country...and for retailers over here to follow suit.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                    September 10, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Latest leaks: Apple iPhone 6 compared with iPhone 5S and iPhone 5 in leaked
photo

LENGTH: 554  words


Here is yet another leak around Iphone 6, which has surfaced just about a couple
of hours ahead of the Iphone 6 launch. A Weibo user in China has posted a photo
which shows iphone 6 placed alongside the iPhone 5S and iPhone 5 to give an idea
about the difference between these devices. This leakster had eralier also
posted a 7-minute first ever iPhone 6 review.

Just to recap, Apple has pulled down its online store to put it offline till it
launches the new Iphone 6 and other new products. The company has taken the
store down in order to update it with new products that it would be launching
today at its event.

Earlier today,  the Iphone 6 benchmark were leaked online by GForGames, who
claims to have put the Iphone 6 on the Geekbench app. The leaked data reveal
that the iPhone 4.7-inch will come with 1GB of RAM, instead of the rumored 2GB
RAM on board.

It also says that the phone will run on an A8 ARM processor ticking at 1.4GHz.
The report also highlights 2GB of RAM on the 5.5-inch Iphone 6. The New Iphone
scored 1633 for single-core, and 2,920 for multi-core.

Apple is all set to finally take the wraps off its much anticipated Iphone 6
variants and much awaited iWatch at its event which will Kick off in a few
hours. Though the company has been dicreet about its products, plenty of
information in terms of specifications and other features has alreay leaked
online to give us a fair idea of what the Iphone 6 could bring on table for us.

The company is expected to unveil two iPhones variants rumored to be named as
the Iphone 6 Air with a 4.7 inch display, and the Iphone 6 Pro with a 5.5 inch
display. The company is also likley to roll out its next software update, which
is iOS 8, for iPhone. The year, rumors are rife that the company will debut its
iWatch wearable to put it forth against the likes of Samsung Gear series, Sony
smart watches and LG smart watch among others.

And if that is not enough, it might as well introduce the next generation iPad
model which will succeed the iPad Air.

We are getting you the latest from launch ground today. Do tune into Bhaskar
Live Blog today. Live Blog: In 5 hours Apple to launch iPhone 6 & iWatch

Here is the earlier leaked information about these device:

One of the major telecom operator China Telecom has posted specs details of the
iPhone 4.7-inch model, confirming that the phone will be powered by an Apple A8
SoC with quad-core chipset and flaunt an 8-megapixel rear camera. The phone is
expected to come in four memory variants: 16/32/64/128GB. It will support a
screen resolution of 750x1134 pixels, and come with sapphire glass.

Alleged screenshots leaked about Iphone 6 5.5-inch model also suggested the
phone will allow apps to runs in landscape mode with dual-pane interface like we
have seen on Apple's iPads.

One day prior to the Apple launch event and its debut in stores (for
pre-orders), two of its new iPhones were spotted selling online. You can read
more about it on our post.

A couple of days back, four videos surfaced online to explain the features of
the upcoming iPhone 6 models

As far as rumors around iWatch are concerned, leaked information about the
iWtach hinted towards two iWatch models in the making.

To read all the leaked information about the iPhone 6 at one place, go through
our story on everything we know so far about the Iphone 6.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                           September 15, 2014 Monday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Big Waits For Big iPhone As Pre-Orders Get Hot Start; 3- Or 4-Week Waits
Indicated

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: INTERNET & TECHNOLOGY; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 523 words


Apple began taking pre-orders for its new smartphones on Friday, and the larger,
more expensive iPhone 6 Plus sold out quickly. Many buyers will have to wait
weeks to get the 5.5-inch screen model.

Apple likely gets higher profit margins from the larger-screen handset. Apple
stock is up more than 3% since its product unveiling Tuesday that besides the
iPhone 6 included the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and the Apple Watch.

The new iPhones will be available on Sept. 19 in the U.S. and nine other
regions. But consumers trying to pre-order the new handsets were quickly met
with delays. The iPhone 6 Plus appears especially supply constrained, analysts
say.

Cantor Fitzgerald analyst Brian White said Apple's website began taking orders
for the new phones at 4 a.m. Eastern time Friday, an hour later than past
pre-order start times. Expected delivery times for the iPhone 6 Plus soon
lengthened, even more so at websites for carriers AT&T,Verizon and Sprint, he
said in a note Friday.

On Friday afternoon, Apple was showing shipping times of seven to 10 days for
some models of the iPhone 6, and three to four weeks for all models of the
iPhone 6 Plus. AT&T's online store showed shipping times of 21 to 35 business
days for some models of the iPhone 6.

AT&T said iPhone 6 Plus handsets ordered Friday afternoon wouldn't ship until
between Nov.2 and 27.

Still, both Apple and AT&T listed certain colors and data storage configurations
of the iPhone 6 as available on launch day.

The scarcity of the iPhone 6 Plus could be as much to do with shortages from
manufacturing issues as with consumer demand, Wells Fargo Securities analyst
Maynard Umsaid in a note Friday.

If the preference toward the iPhone 6 Plus holds, it could provide a boost to
Apple's profits, Um said. The iPhone 6 Plus costs $100 more than the iPhone 6,
but the additional bill of materials for the device couldbe less than $100, he
said.

Um, however, expects a shift later to lower-cost models.

"Early adopters seem to have a tendency to buy 'up,' "he said. Global Equities
Research analyst Trip Chowdhry surveyed 150-plus attendees at three tech
conferences in San Francisco this week to gauge interest in the iPhone 6.

Demand for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus "will likely be extremely strong," at least
among the technorati, he said.

Based on the survey, Chowdhry expects the majority of the iPhone users to
upgrade to the iPhone 6 lineup. And 30% of Google Android phone users surveyed
said they might switch to the iPhone 6, he said.

Survey respondents said the addition of the Apple Pay service to iPhone 6 is a
key reason to move to the new handset, Chowdhry said. Apple Pay lets users make
retail purchases with a wave of their phone instead of swiping a plastic credit
card.

Also, interested iPhone 6 buyers said they are most likely to get handsets with
64 gigabytes of data storage rather than the base models that come with 16 GB.
Apple gets more profit from phones with higher amounts of flash memory.

"The price difference between a 16 GB iPhone 6 and a 64 GB iPhone 6 is $100. Our
research indicates that the bill of materials probably increases only by about
$10 to $15," Chowdhry said.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           October 15, 2015 Thursday

Apple iPhone 6 is available for Rs 24,999 on Flipkart app: Here's how

BYLINE: Tech Desk

LENGTH: 303  words


Apple's iPhone 6 is now available for lowest price of Rs 24,999 from Flipkart
app under exchange

Apple's latest iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus go on sale tonight. Both the devices
come with few hardware upgrades and 3D Touch display which offers an all new
Peek and Pop gestures. Apple's latest iPhone 6s starts at Rs 62,000 for the 16GB
version while the top-end 128GB iPhone 6s Plus will cost Rs 92,000.

While Apple has priced its latest iPhones on the far higher side of price
spectrum, most online retailers have already started offering attractive
discounts on iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

Can't afford an iPhone 6s? Well here are the top deals on Apple iPhone 6:

You can get an Apple iPhone 6 for as low as Rs 24,999 from Flipkart app under
exchange. Flipkart is offering a minimum discount of Rs 500 and maximum discount
is Rs 15,000 after exchange. You can avail up to Rs 15,000 discount on exchange
of Google (http://indianexpress.com/tag/google/) Nexus 6, Motorola Turbo, Galaxy
Note 4 which brings the effective price on 16GB iPhone 6 down to Rs 24,999 on
the app.

Amazon India is offering the biggest discount on Apple iPhone 6
(http://www.amazon.in/Apple-iPhone-6
-Gold-16GB/dp/B00O4WTN9E/ref=sr_1_1?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1444911622&sr=1-1&
keywords=iPhone+6) without exchange. The 16GB iPhone 6 is now available for Rs
36,999 but HDFC bank users can avail extra 15 percent cashback from the app and
10 percent from the site. The discount is available only for the Gold version of
Apple iPhone 6.

Amazon is offering iPhone 6 64GB and 128GB models at Rs 45,989 and Rs 61,814
respectively.

Like Amazon, Snapdeal is also offering 16GB iPhone 6 for Rs 36,999 but only Gold
version is available. Snapdeal lists both Space Grey and Silver models as
discontinued. Also Snapdeal is not offering the 128GB model of iPhone 6.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

iPhone 6 KSA launch set at Sep 26 from Mobily

LENGTH: 298  words


Mobily announced the launch of the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in the
Kingdom's markets on Friday 26th September 2014, in a move that reflects the
company's leadership in bringing the latest and best smartphones to its
subscribers. The new generation of the iPhone is the slimmest ever introduced,
as the thickness of iPhone [...]
The post iPhone 6 KSA launch set at Sep 26 from Mobily appeared first on
tbreak.ae.

Mobily announced the launch of the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in the
Kingdom's markets on Friday 26th September 2014, in a move that reflects the
company's leadership in bringing the latest and best smartphones to its
subscribers.

The new generation of the iPhone is the slimmest ever introduced, as the
thickness of iPhone 6 is 6.9 mm, whereas the iPhone 6 Plus thickness is 7.1 mm
only. Apple Company has developed also the screen size of the new iPhone
generation, a size of 4.7 inch with 1334 × 750 pixels accuracy for iPhone 6 and
5.5 inch HD with 1920 × 1080 pixels accuracy for iPhone 6 Plus and both screens
enjoy the feature Retina HD.

Apple was also keen to strengthen their iPhones with a new generation of A8
processors which are faster than the previous one in addition to a new operating
system IOS 8. The battery performance was improved to operate for a longer
period with no need to recharge.

Mobily will provide iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in all colors as announced by the
company: Silver, Gold and grey and as per the smartphones packages.

It is noteworthy that Mobily has a broad experience in launching the iPhone
smartphones in the domestic market, as it was the first company in the Kingdom
that managed to launch the first Apple iPhone and smart devices in early 2009.

The post iPhone 6 KSA launch set at Sep 26 from Mobily appeared first on
tbreak.ae.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2014 TBREAK MEDIA
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

Apple Announces iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus

LENGTH: 1055  words


Apple today announced iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, the biggest advancements in
iPhone history, featuring two new models with stunning 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch
Retina HD displays, and packed with innovative technologies in an all-new
dramatically thin and seamless design. The new iPhones feature a precision
unibody enclosure of anodized aluminum that conforms seamlessly with [...]
The post Apple Announces iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus appeared first on tbreak.ae.

Apple today announced iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, the biggest advancements in
iPhone history, featuring two new models with stunning 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch
Retina HD displays, and packed with innovative technologies in an all-new
dramatically thin and seamless design. The new iPhones feature a precision
unibody enclosure of anodized aluminum that conforms seamlessly with the shaped
glass of the display, resulting in a completely smooth and continuous surface.
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are engineered to be the thinnest ever, delivering a
bigger display in a design that is still comfortable to hold and easy to use.

Packed with innovative new technologies, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus include: the
Apple-designed A8 chip with second generation 64-bit desktop-class architecture
for blazing fast performance and power efficiency; advanced iSight® and
FaceTime® HD cameras; ultrafast wireless technologies; and Apple Pay[TM], an
easier way to simply and securely make payments with just the touch of a
finger.¹ Both models include iOS 8, the latest version of the world's most
advanced mobile operating system, featuring a simpler, faster and more intuitive
user experience with new Messages and Photos features, QuickType[TM] keyboard, a
new Health app, Family Sharing and iCloud Drive[#x2120].

"iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are the biggest advancements in iPhone history,"
said Tim Cook, Apple's CEO. "The iPhone is the most loved smartphone in the
world with the highest customer satisfaction in the industry and we are making
it much better in every way. Only Apple can combine the best hardware, software
and services at this unprecedented level and we think customers are going to
love it."

For the first time iPhone is available in two new sizes: iPhone 6 features a
stunning 4.7-inch Retina® HD display with 1334 x 750 resolution, providing 38
percent more viewing area than iPhone 5s, while iPhone 6 Plus features an even
bigger 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 1920 x 1080 resolution, providing 88
percent more viewing area and nearly three times the pixels than iPhone 5s. The
Retina HD displays offer advanced technologies including higher contrast for
deeper blacks and dual-domain pixels for more accurate colors at wider viewing
angles.

With second generation 64-bit desktop-class architecture, the all-new A8 chip
offers faster performance and is more energy efficient, delivering higher
sustained performance with great battery life. With Metal[TM], a new graphics
technology in iOS 8, developers can take performance of the A8 chip even further
to bring console-class 3D games to iPhone. The A8 chip also includes a new,
powerful Apple-designed image signal processor that enables advanced camera and
video features.
Both models include the M8 motion coprocessor that gathers motion data from the
accelerometer, gyroscope, compass and the new barometer, which senses air
pressure to provide relative elevation. The M8 motion coprocessor can
continuously measure your motion data, even when the device is asleep, saving
battery life for fitness apps that use the sensors all day. With iOS 8, motion
data from M8 appears in the Health app so you can see how many flights of stairs
you've climbed, or how far you've walked or run. Developers can use CoreMotion
APIs that take advantage of M8 and HealthKit to create apps that help you take
better care of your health and fitness.

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus introduce Apple Pay, an easy way to securely pay for
physical goods and services in stores or apps with just the touch of a finger.
Users can pay securely and conveniently in stores by simply holding the phone
near the contactless reader while keeping a finger on Touch ID[TM]; there is no
need to unlock your iPhone or launch an app. With Apple Pay, you can also make
one-touch purchases within apps, without having to enter credit card or shipping
information. All payment information is kept private, encrypted and stored
securely in the Secure Element, a chip inside the new iPhones.



The iSight camera gets even better with a new sensor featuring Focus Pixels for
faster autofocus, making it easier to quickly capture any moment. iPhone 6 Plus
users will also benefit from optical image stabilization technology that
compensates for hand shake in low light and works with iOS 8 to reduce subject
motion. High-definition video on iPhone improves with faster frame rates up to
60fps for 1080p video and 240fps for slo-mo, as well as continuous autofocus,
cinematic video stabilization and time-lapse video. The FaceTime HD camera now
captures over 80 percent more light with a new sensor, larger f/2.2 aperture and
advanced new features including burst mode and HDR video.

With faster LTE download speeds of up to 150 Mbps, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
users can browse, download and stream content faster. The new iPhones also
support high-quality voice calls over LTE (VoLTE) as well as Wi-Fi calling.²
With support for up to 20 LTE wireless bands--more than any other smartphone in
the world--the new models make it easier to experience high-speed networks
around the world. Both iPhones also include 802.11ac Wi-Fi with speeds up to 433
Mbps and Bluetooth 4.0.³

The new iPhones come with iOS 8, the biggest release since the launch of the App
Store[#x2120], delivering a simpler, faster and more intuitive user experience
and new features including QuickType keyboard, a new Health app, Family Sharing
and iCloud Drive. With more than 4,000 new APIs, iOS 8 allows developers to
further customize the user experience with major extensibility features and
robust frameworks such as HealthKit and HomeKit. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
users also have access to the revolutionary App Store, which offers more than
1.3 million apps to iPhone, iPad® and iPod touch® users in 155 countries around
the world.

The post Apple Announces iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus appeared first on tbreak.ae.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2014 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Examiner Newspaper

                             October 5, 2014 Sunday
                         Examiner First Edition Edition

FOR the first time, iPhone sho...

SECTION: FEATURE; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 396 words


FOR the first time, iPhone shoppers are faced with a choice: do you go large
with the iPhone 6 or extra large with the iPhone 6 Plus?

In response to growing competition, Apple has released two versions of its
latest phone: the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and hefty 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus. The iPhone
can now stand toe-to-toe with giant Android rivals.

While big phones are old news for Android lovers, the iPhone 6 might come as a
shock to Apple fans because it's taller and wider than its predecessor. To
compensate, Apple has moved the power button to the right-hand side so it's
easier to reach. The iPhone 6's extra girth grows on you and more screen real
estate certainly comes in handy.

The next step up to the iPhone 6 Plus is more confronting and it might be
difficult to grip for people with small hands. It's more of an in-between device
if you don't want to carry around a phone and a tablet.

iPHONE 6 FROM $869

It's thinner than the iPhone 5 and only a fraction lighter, so it doesn't feel
like more of a burden in your hand or your pocket. The curved edges are easier
to grip and look more elegant. Both new iPhone models have more grunt than the 5
and take slightly better photos (the same number of megapixels, but improved
lenses).

iPHONE 6 PLUS FROM $999

It's thicker and heavier than the iPhone 6, but still thinner than the 5. The
screen is larger than the 6 and sharper at 1920x1080 to match a Full HD
television. You get longer battery life, and optical image stabilisation to
remove shake from videos. It also borrows tricks from the iPad, like extra
buttons on the keyboard and split-screen mode in some apps like Mail.

THE VERDICT It depends on what you feel comfortable holding, as the iPhone 6
Plus is bulky and demands two hands to perform some tasks. If you're jealous of
the expanses of screen real estate available on giant Android phablets such as
Samsung's Galaxy Note, then the iPhone 6 Plus is for you. If in doubt, stick
with the iPhone 6 because it will still feel like a major step up from an older
iPhone.

Check this out

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus can act as tap-and-go credit or debit cards, thanks to
the built-in near-field communications chip, but there's no launch date for
"Apple Pay" in Australia. When it does launch, iPhone 5 and 5s owners will also
be able to swipe their phone to pay at the counter if they're also wearing the
Apple Watch, due next year.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Big, and bigger . . . the new iPhone 6 comes in two sizes.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Apple: iPhone 6 sparks record 4 million pre-orders

BYLINE: By Julia Love jmlove@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; News; Business

LENGTH: 424 words


CUPERTINO -- More than 4 million pre-orders for the new iPhones were placed on
the first day, shattering sales records for Apple and prolonging wait times for
its enthusiastic fan base.

In a statement issued Monday, Apple detailed the debut of the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus, which went up for advanced sale online in the wee hours of Friday
morning. Although some customers will receive their devices this Friday, Apple
acknowledged that many will have to wait until October for the coveted packages
to arrive. In the meantime, the new phones, which feature larger screens, will
hit the shelves of local retail stores Friday morning.

"iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are better in every way, and we are thrilled
customers love them as much as we do," Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a statement.
"Pre-orders for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus set a new record for Apple, and we
can't wait to get our best iPhones yet into the hands of customers starting this
Friday."

Apple received 2 million pre-orders for the iPhone 5, the last model for which
it disclosed statistics on advance sales. The next yardstick for the new
iPhones' success will come opening weekend. Apple sold 9 million gadgets last
year during the first weekend of sales for the iPhone 5S and 5C.

Apple unveiled the iPhone 6, which measures 4.7 inches diagonally, and the
5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus last Tuesday at a star-studded event at the Flint Center
for the Performing Arts in Cupertino, along with a long-awaited smartwatch. An
Apple spokeswoman declined to breakdown the early sales figures between the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. The iPhone 6 Plus appeared to sell out first on
carriers' websites, but that may be because supplies of the larger device are
more limited, said Ken Dulaney, an analyst at research firm Gartner.

Analysts predicted that consumers would flood stores when Apple finally matched
its peers with larger screens. Although the sales records make for good press,
consumers are easily frustrated by long waits, Dulaney said.

"That seems like a little bit of poor planning," he said. "When you announce the
device, you want to ship it."

Consumers have shown a willingness not only to wait for the new iPhones, but to
fork over more money for them. The iPhone 6 costs $199 with a two-year contract,
but the iPhone 6 Plus starts at $299 -- $100 more than the flagship device
fetched last year. It's favorable math for the Cupertino-based company, Dulaney
noted.

"These are good times for Apple," he said.

Contact Julia Love at 408-920-5536;follow her at Twitter.com/byJuliaLove .

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FILE - In this Tuesday, Sept. 9, 2014, file photo, the iPhone 6, at
left, and iPhone 6 plus are shown next to each other during a new product
release in Cupertino, Calif. Apple had more than 4 million advance orders of its
new iPhones in the first 24 hours, exceeding its initial supply, the company
said Monday, Sept. 15, 2014. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                       June 25, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone6sforsale.net Announces Wholesale iPhone 6, 6 Plus Deals for Worldwide
Customers

LENGTH: 353  words


June 25 -- Apple keeps releasing new iPhone versions with updated features to
offer a wide range of adorable possibilities to the modern users. With millions
of iPhone devices sold worldwide, the popularity of the iPhone has skyrocketed
in the recent years. But people who still have not purchased an iPhone,
iPhone6sforsale.net brings cheap priced iPhone for sale for those discerning
customers. The web store is offering discount deals on the latest iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus devices.

Besides offering cheap prices, the web store is offering unlocked devices, and
hence one can choose a service provider or a data carrier that offers the most
beneficial plans to the users. This brings consumers the dual benefit of
choosing an affordable data plan along with a cheaply priced iPhone 6 or iPhone
6 Plus device. The online store's iPhone 6 for sale brings different iPhone 6
devices with various configurations. The spokesperson of the store maintains
that one can easily find an iPhone 6 at a budget price with a low-end
configuration. "No matter what the configuration it has, one will enjoy the
pleasure of owning an iPhone 6," he states.

Customers can choose from a 16 GB, 64 GB or 128 GB iPhone 6 as per their
requirement and the budget. Each unlocked iPhone device comes with the complete
set of accessories, such as the 16 GB Apple earpods, remote and Mic lighting and
USB cable and USB power adapter. iPhone 6 is often considered as a powerful
device to enjoy a host of advanced features that a handheld gadget can offer to
the modern consumer.

iPhone6sforsale.net also brings iPhone 6 plus for sale for people to grab this
latest Apple device at a discount price and enjoy its great features. An iPhone
6 Plus device with a 4G network connectivity can allow a user to browse the
internet at a significant speed while on the go. Besides, the device allows
people to enjoy a great multimedia experience to enjoy music, videos etc in
their free times.

People willing to take advantage of these discount deals on Apple iPhone and
iPhone 6 can visit the website http://www.iphone6sforsale.net.

Source: iPhone6sforsale.net

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                      December 26, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Apple to launch 3 iPhone 6S in 2015, one of these could be iPhone 6S mini

BYLINE: Dailybhaskar.com

LENGTH: 376  words


Apple sure ditched the 4-inch display screen size in favor of bigger display
screens of 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches with the Iphone 6 and 6 Plus launched in
September 2014. But the company could soon launch a new 'MINI' iPhone with 4
inch display, latest rumors indicate.

In year 2014, Apple introduced two bigger handsets in the market, Iphone 6
launched this year started at INR 53,500 and iPhone 6 Plus started selling at
INR 62,500. The iPhone 5S launched in 2013 too was introduced at a price of INR
53,500 in India but the prices. But Apple did introduce easy installment
schemes, easy buy offers in association with network service providers like
Reliance and Airtel. With these, the Cupertino giant also reduced the prices of
the older handsets, and it also reduced the price of iPhone 4S 8GB model below
INR 25K to gain a foothold in budget markets, like India.

This time however it could alter its plans and could actually bring back the
4-inch iPhone as a new device in 2015. According to a news report in PCmag Cowen
and Company analyst Timothy Arcuri, in a note to investors this week has said
that "Apple may be working on three versions of the iPhone for 2015." These
could be a  successor of the 4.7 inch iPhone 6 (could be called iPhone 6S), a
successor of the 5.5 inch iPhone 6 Plus (could be called iPhone 6S Plus) and a
new 4 incher model in line with the new iPhone 6 design profile (could be called
iPhone 6S mini).

The specs could be similar to the iPhone 5S, says this report, but with similar
looks like the iPhone 6. Note that the iPhone 5S has sharp corners, but with the
iPhone 6 Apple used rounded corners and edges on the new iPhones.

What is also interesting is that Apple in year 2013 launches an iPhone 5S and
iPhone 5C (colourful iPhones). While the iPhone 5S were a huge success, the
iPhone 5C lagged behind its brother. The weak sales prompted Apple to reduce the
orders for iPhone 5C, according to a report in AppleInsider.

This iPhone did not get an upgrade this year. By November, this year media
reports said Apple would stop the production of iPhone 5C in year 2015. This
news also gives strength to the rumours that Apple could bring in the 4 inch
display as a cheaper option in a new handset, that could replace iPhone 5C.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                   Arab Times

                           October 29, 2014 Wednesday

Ooredoo to offer iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in Kuwait

LENGTH: 315 words


KUWAIT CITY, Oct 29: Ooredoo Kuwait announced that it will offer iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus, the biggest advancements in iPhone history, beginning today,
Thursday October 30. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available starting at KD
30. Ooredoo will allow iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus users to connect using the
most reliable LTE network in Kuwait. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are the biggest
releases in the iPhone history, featuring two new models with stunning 4.7-inch
and 5.5-inch Retina HD displays, and packed with innovative technologies in an
all-new dramatically thin and seamless designthat is still comfortable to hold
and easy to use. Both models are better in every way and include: the
Apple-designed A8 chip with second generation 64-bit desktop-class architecture
for blazingfast performance and power efficiency; advanced iSight and Face Time
HD cameras; ultra-fast wireless technologies.

Commenting on the introduction of the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus, Sheikh
Mohammed Bin Abdullah Al Thani, General Manager and CEO of Ooredoo Kuwait said:
"We are excited to bring to our customers one of the most long-awaited devices
in the world of technology today. We hope that the plans we designed and coupled
with these devices suit the different needs of our wide range of customers." The
new iPhones include iOS 8, the biggest release since the App Store, featuring a
simpler, faster and more intuitive user experience with new Messages and Photos
features, predictive typing for Apple's QuickType keyboard and Family Sharing.
iOS 8 also includes the new Health app, giving you a clear overview of your
health and fitness data and iCloud Drive, so you can store files and access them
from anywhere. In addition, iPhone 5s will be available starting at KD 18/month
and iPhone 5c will be available at KD 15/month. This iPhone 6 is also available
with 12 months commitment plans.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1143


                 Copyright 2014 Arab Times Kuwait English Daily
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

Retailers look to woo Apple lovers, who line up for newest iPhone

BYLINE: Denise Allabaugh, The Citizens' Voice, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 607 words


Sept. 20--WILKES-BARRE TWP. -- A long line of people awaiting the launch of the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus stretched outside the Verizon Wireless store on
Schechter Drive early Friday.

"They started camping out last night. The earliest person got here as the store
closed last night," said Chris Blasi, advanced solutions architect for Verizon
Wireless. "It's been very busy."

In the past, customers paid about the same price for their iPhone and were
presented with the same options no matter where they went.

Now, providers like Verizon Wireless and retailers like Best Buy, Target, Radio
Shack and Wal-Mart offer discounts and other perks like trade-in and sign-on
bonuses and gift cards to try to win more customers.

"That makes good sense because they got the crowds out there and they
(retailers) all want to get a piece of the action," said Anthony Liuzzo, Ph.D.,
director of business programs for Wilkes University.

Verizon Wireless provided customers a $200 gift card when they traded in an
iPhone 4, iPhone 4S, iPhone 5 or iPhone 5c and purchased a new iPhone 6 or
iPhone 6 Plus. Owners of the iPhone 5S received a $300 Verizon gift card.
Verizon Wireless also accelerated upgrades on Friday, Mr. Blasi said.

While the launch of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus drew lines, crowds and
retailer promotions, Dr. Liuzzo said it did not elevate to the level of an event
like Black Friday since tech enthusiasts who want the latest phones were only
purchasing a specific item.

"I don't think anybody really needs it, but people want it. It's a specialty
good," he said. "It's kind of a status symbol among some people."

Kingston resident Ian Mondelice, 26, traded in his iPhone 5S for the iPhone 6
Friday and got a $300 gift card at Verizon Wireless.

"I'm only paying about $50 for the phone so that's a good deal," Mr. Mondelice
said.

Mr. Mondelice arrived as Verizon Wireless opened at 8 a.m. and solutions
specialist Ainsley Maiers set up his new iPhone at about 10 a.m. amid a crowded
store.

"Usually, you wait hours," he said. "I like the bigger screen, the faster
processor, the better camera and more features like Apple Pay."

According to Apple, pre-orders for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus topped 4
million during the first 24 hours, a new record for the tech giant.

Kris Jones, founder of ReferLocal.com and KBJ Capital and co-Founder of the
French Girls app, bought an iPhone 6 from the Verizon website on the morning it
went on sale and said he couldn't wait to get it Friday.

"Honestly, I was worried about Apple post-Steve Jobs, but with the release of
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus as well as Apple Pay and Apple Watch, I think Apple is cool
again," Mr. Jones said.

Mr. Jones likes the iPhone 6's improved resolution for FaceTime and its bigger
screen, which he said makes for a better experience viewing pictures, launching
apps and navigating the phone.

The iPhone 6 screen is 4.7 inches and the iPhone 6 Plus screen is 5.5 inches,
said Connor Scalleat, founder of Krate, a website and mobile application
development company in Forty Fort. The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have Apple's new A8
processor, which is 50 percent faster than the iPhone 5S, he said.

Mr. Scalleat said his favorite addition to the iPhone 6 is Apple Pay, an easy
way to make payments with the touch of a finger.

"In addition, Apple is boasting loads of added security features such as remote
deactivation, no card numbers displayed, and they do not track your purchases,"
he said.

Contact the writer:

dallabaugh@citizensvoice.com

___ (c)2014 The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Citizens' Voice
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at citizensvoice.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140920-YC-Retailers-look-to-woo-Apple-lovers-who-line-up-for-newest-
iPhone-0920-20140920

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YC


                       Copyright 2014 The Citizens' Voice


                              29 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                      December 26, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Apple could launch an iPhone 6S 'MINI' in 2015 with a 4-inch display

BYLINE: Dailybhaskar.com

LENGTH: 376  words


Apple sure ditched the 4-inch display screen size in favor of bigger display
screens of 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches with the Iphone 6 and 6 Plus launched in
September 2014. But the company could soon launch a new 'MINI' iPhone with 4
inch display, latest rumors indicate.

In year 2014, Apple introduced two bigger handsets in the market, Iphone 6
launched this year started at INR 53,500 and iPhone 6 Plus started selling at
INR 62,500. The iPhone 5S launched in 2013 too was introduced at a price of INR
53,500 in India but the prices. But Apple did introduce easy installment
schemes, easy buy offers in association with network service providers like
Reliance and Airtel. With these, the Cupertino giant also reduced the prices of
the older handsets, and it also reduced the price of iPhone 4S 8GB model below
INR 25K to gain a foothold in budget markets, like India.

This time however it could alter its plans and could actually bring back the
4-inch iPhone as a new device in 2015. According to a news report in PCmag Cowen
and Company analyst Timothy Arcuri, in a note to investors this week has said
that "Apple may be working on three versions of the iPhone for 2015." These
could be a  successor of the 4.7 inch iPhone 6 (could be called iPhone 6S), a
successor of the 5.5 inch iPhone 6 Plus (could be called iPhone 6S Plus) and a
new 4 incher model in line with the new iPhone 6 design profile (could be called
iPhone 6S mini).

The specs could be similar to the iPhone 5S, says this report, but with similar
looks like the iPhone 6. Note that the iPhone 5S has sharp corners, but with the
iPhone 6 Apple used rounded corners and edges on the new iPhones.

What is also interesting is that Apple in year 2013 launches an iPhone 5S and
iPhone 5C (colourful iPhones). While the iPhone 5S were a huge success, the
iPhone 5C lagged behind its brother. The weak sales prompted Apple to reduce the
orders for iPhone 5C, according to a report in AppleInsider.

This iPhone did not get an upgrade this year. By November, this year media
reports said Apple would stop the production of iPhone 5C in year 2015. This
news also gives strength to the rumours that Apple could bring in the 4 inch
display as a cheaper option in a new handset, that could replace iPhone 5C.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                            November 3, 2014 Monday

All geared for iPhone6 launch

BYLINE: Edwin Kee

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 791 words


IT goes without saying that the right kind of marketing, backed up with quality
hardware and service, is a winning formula not to be trifled with. However,
Apple has lost some of its sheen in recent times where the advancement of the
smartphone industry is concerned; other manufacturers such as Samsung, HTC,
Nokia and LG have taken the phablet route sometime back to resounding success.

Basically, a larger display is always welcome by consumers, since they can see
more and do more with their handset compared to Apple's reluctance to go beyond
the 4-inch display boundary.

Well, all of that has been put to bed now with Apple on the verge of rolling out
its iPhone 6 and larger - sized sibling, the iPhone 6 Plus, in Malaysia via
three of the major mobile carriers, Celcom, Maxis and DiGi.

Pre-orders have kicked off on the respective carriers' websites on Oct 3, and as
expected, the websites did experience heavy traffic, so much so that online
forums were awash with the frustrations of those who actually sacrificed part of
their sleep in order to snag an iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus. If you happen to be
one of the lucky few who managed to sneak in your pre-order, then you can
certainly look forward to showing off your spanking new iPhone 6 come Nov 6.

First of all, let us have a closer look at the hardware specifications of each
of the iPhones, so that you more or less know what you will be getting for your
hard earned money.

The iPhone 6 will feature a 4.7 inch Retina HD display while the iPhone 6 Plus
will sport a larger 5.5 inch display. Shared hardware specifications include an
8.0MP iSight camera that boasts faster autofocus, full HD video recording
capability, and slow motion video at 240fps, Touch ID support for a greater
level of personal security on your device without having to rely too much on
passwords and PINs. Selfie lovers will most probably wish that the front-facing
camera pack in more megapixels than just 1.2MP though.

Underneath the hood, there will be the all new A8 chip touted to be faster than
its predecessor, the A7, not to mention being more energy efficient, alongside
1GB RAM and a non-removable lithium ion battery. Throw in a new M8 motion
co-processor, and you will be able to use the spanking new iPhone 6 to track
various aspects of your life, including travelling speed, distance and
elevation, among others. In order to keep up with the rest of the competition,
both iPhone 6 models sport NFC support - a staple in the Android powered
flagships for quite some time. It will be interesting to see just how Malaysian
business entities incorporate Apple Pay in the future.

Now might also be the time to jump aboard the 4G LTE bandwagon since you will be
able to take advantage of theoretical speeds of 150Mbps in the ideal
environment, not to mention having the standard WiFi connectivity thrown into
the mix. Last but not least, both models run on iOS 8 - the most advanced mobile
operating system in the world.

The iPhone 6 will be the lighter of the two, tipping the scales at 129g as
opposed to the iPhone 6 Plus' 172g. Of course, due to the difference in their
respective screen sizes, the iPhone 6 has a pixel density of 326 ppi, while the
5.5 inch iPhone 6 Plus sports a 401 ppi pixel density.

As for which model to select, it really depends on your needs as well as amount
of usage. While getting a larger capacity iPhone 6 is always better if you can
afford it since there is a lack of expandable memory, perhaps coming to a
compromise by picking it up on contract instead of an unlocked model might be
well worth a tradeoff.

There have been concerns about the possibility of the iPhone 6 Plus actually
bending when placed at a certain angle in the pocket either in front or at the
back. There are also reported instances that blue denims discolour the plastic
strip of the iPhone 6 Plus. However, neither of these are expected to turn the
masses away.

Basically, you can choose between 16GB, 64GB and 128GB capacities for the iPhone
6 and iPhone 6 Plus. While there is no detailed information on the breakdown of
how much an unlocked iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will cost, estimates point to
RM2,400 onwards for the 16GB iPhone 6 and all the way to RM3,200 for a 128GB
iPhone 6. The iPhone 6 Plus will probably start from RM2,750 for the 16GB model
and a whopping RM3,500 for the largest capacity model at 128GB, and all of these
come with a contract.

Certainly, it might be a solid piece of hardware with a proven mobile operating
system and app ecosystem, but is it really worth all that money for a
smartphone? I suppose the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus continue to push the idea
that the iPhone - more than just a smartphone - is a fashion statement in the
world of mobile technology.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

New iPhones spark record-breaking 4 million pre-orders

BYLINE: By Julia Love jmlove@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Business

LENGTH: 424 words


CUPERTINO -- More than 4 million pre-orders for the new iPhones were placed on
the first day, shattering sales records for Apple and prolonging wait times for
its enthusiastic fan base.

In a statement issued Monday, Apple detailed the debut of the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus, which went up for advanced sale online in the wee hours of Friday
morning. Although some customers will receive their devices this Friday, Apple
acknowledged that many will have to wait until October for the coveted packages
to arrive. In the meantime, the new phones, which feature larger screens, will
hit the shelves of local retail stores Friday morning.

"iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are better in every way, and we are thrilled
customers love them as much as we do," Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a statement.
"Pre-orders for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus set a new record for Apple, and we
can't wait to get our best iPhones yet into the hands of customers starting this
Friday."

Apple received 2 million pre-orders for the iPhone 5, the last model for which
it disclosed statistics on advance sales. The next yardstick for the new
iPhones' success will come opening weekend. Apple sold 9 million gadgets last
year during the first weekend of sales for the iPhone 5S and 5C.

Apple unveiled the iPhone 6, which measures 4.7 inches diagonally, and the
5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus last Tuesday at a star-studded event at the Flint Center
for the Performing Arts in Cupertino, along with a long-awaited smartwatch. An
Apple spokeswoman declined to breakdown the early sales figures between the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. The iPhone 6 Plus appeared to sell out first on
carriers' websites, but that may be because supplies of the larger device are
more limited, said Ken Dulaney, an analyst at research firm Gartner.

Analysts predicted that consumers would flood stores when Apple finally matched
its peers with larger screens. Although the sales records make for good press,
consumers are easily frustrated by long waits, Dulaney said.

"That seems like a little bit of poor planning," he said. "When you announce the
device, you want to ship it."

Consumers have shown a willingness not only to wait for the new iPhones, but to
fork over more money for them. The iPhone 6 costs $199 with a two-year contract,
but the iPhone 6 Plus starts at $299 -- $100 more than the flagship device
fetched last year. It's favorable math for the Cupertino-based company, Dulaney
noted.

"These are good times for Apple," he said.

Contact Julia Love at 408-920-5536;follow her at Twitter.com/byJuliaLove .

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FILE - In this Tuesday, Sept. 9, 2014, file photo, the iPhone 6, at
left, and iPhone 6 plus are shown next to each other during a new product
release in Cupertino, Calif. Apple had more than 4 million advance orders of its
new iPhones in the first 24 hours, exceeding its initial supply, the company
said Monday, Sept. 15, 2014. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                            November 9, 2014 Sunday
                              Natal Metro Edition

Battery and camera give iPhone 6 Plus the edge

BYLINE: Deon Govender

SECTION: SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 432  words


Gadget Guy. . Battery and camera give iPhone 6 Plus the edge

DEON GOVENDER finds that bigger can be better in the world of the Apple addict

FRIDAY October 24 was like Christmas for many Apple fans in South Africa when
the new iPhone became available.

Two years ago, during the Christmas period, I was one of many who queued in the
iStore, waiting for the iPhone 5.

At that time it was the coolest and best phone available.

Blackberry was out, leaving the cellphone war to be waged between Apple and
Samsung.

I will admit, Samsung has very cool phones and the S5 is the most sought-after
phone this year.

But all that may change.

The people at Apple were smart when they designed the iPhone 6.

They needed to make a phone that targets Samsung or LG users, and by that I mean
a phone with a bigger screen display.

That brings us to the two versions of the Apple phones - the iPhone 6 and the
iPhone 6 Plus.

What is the difference?

I was lucky to test both phones before I bought one.

First, size is the difference:

iPhone 6: Curved aluminium, gold or light/dark silver, 6.9mm thick, 129g.

iPhone 6 Plus: Curved aluminium, gold or light/dark silver, 7.1mm thick, 172g.

The screens are also different. The iPhone 6 looks like the Mini-Me of the
iPhone 6 Plus; it's like the equivalent of the Samsung S5 and the S5 mini. Some
say the iPhone 6 Plus is a smaller version of the iPad mini.

Both phones are slim.

Most people will go for the iPhone 6 because it is a comfortable size, but
before you do, I have to share a few other points to ponder.

The iPhone 5's weak point was the poor battery life and you needed a car charger
to make it last through the day. The iPhone 6 is slightly better, but I can
vouch for the iPhone 6 Plus. It lasted a whole day with frequent use, including
social media and e-mails.

If you have settled on an iPhone 6, don't read any further because the details
might depress you.

This is how they differ:

iPhone 6: 4.7-inch 1334 x 750, Retina HD LCD.

iPhone 6 Plus: 5.5-inch 1920 x 1080 LCD, optimisation in landscape.

So the iPhone 6 Plus comes with a much bigger screen.

The 6 Plus also has a better display, but you have to look hard to notice.

E-mails and social media look amazing.

Both phones come with an 8 megapixel camera, but there is an important
difference between them.

The iPhone 6 Plus comes with optical image stabilisation - no more shaking or
blurry pictures.

The storage space for both phones range from 16 to 128 gig.

Both are available in the colours mentioned above.

Choose a phone you need. If it's for business, I suggest you go for the 6Plus.
But the iPhone 6 will never disappoint.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                             April 12, 2013, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending April 12;
Searching for 6, tune that name, divination and job postings, pink rantings

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 2717 words


Not content with merely repeating unsubstantiated iPhone 6 rumors, the iOSphere
this week turned to original researchand to reading entrails, otherwise known as
job postings. The results were, uh, mixed.

Google data showed that regular folks are more interested in "iPhone 6" than in
"iPhone 5S." What's up with that? And what about those names anyway? Doesn't
Apple realize what "S" actually says to buyers?

Also this week: flexible displays and fingerprint sensors, both of which miss
the point and probably Apple's priorities; ranting on T-Mobile for delaying the
Next iPhone, but what can you expect from a carrier that glorifies the color
pink?

You read it here second.

__________ "Looking at a new Apple job posting, there's a very good chance that
the "iPhone 5S", Apple's 2013 flagship, may be a very, very incremental upgrade
over the iPhone 5."

~ Brian Fulcher, GadgetInsider, insightfully drawing the Obvious Conclusion
after seeing Apple's job posting for a software engineer to write "low level
code to configure and control hardware" and use LabTool and FA software to test
fingerprint sensors."

__________ iPhone 6 has higher interest among consumers than iPhone 5S And we
know this because of some first-rate, original research by GottaBeMobile, as
reported in a blog post by Josh Smith.  "According to the search trends,
consumer interest in the iPhone 6 overshadows the iPhone 5S, even though this
[meaning iPhone 5S] is likely the iPhone that will arrive on store shelves later
this year," Smith declares.

Overshadows by a lot. "Consumers are nearly twice as interested in the iPhone 6
as in the iPhone 5S, and for the last year the iPhone 6 also claims dramatically
more interest," he explains, in a sentence that should have begun his post.

Smith points out, helpfully, that "Apple is known for following an iPhone naming
system that adds an S to the end of the name for the model after a major
re-design."

Apple has done this exactly two times, out of six iPhone models: iPhone 3GS, and
iPhone 4S. Doing it twice makes you "known" for a "system." Just like the system
for naming iPads: iPad, iPad 2 and...uh, iPad.

"The iPhone 5S is expected this summer with iPhone 5 looks and a few new
features, but consumers are clearly focused on the iPhone 6," Smith writes. He
knows their focus because he made use of online research tools, and the riches
of Google, in this case Google Trends, which shows how often a specific
search-term is entered. Smith provides proof with a chart that shows this
dramatic, twice-as-much, overshadowing gap in consumer interest and focus.

"While Apple's naming system could always change by the time the next iPhone
arrives, many believe it will carry the iPhone 5S name, and that consumers will
need to wait until 2014 for the iPhone 6." By "many believe," Smith means "those
of who write for websites like GottaBeMobile."

But still. This dramatic disparity has to mean something, right? Why are these
people so interested in a phone they won't see for 12 to 18 months when the
other phone is probably just months, if not weeks, away? What's going on?

Finally, Jones asks the Big Question. "Why Is the iPhone 6 More Popular?"

"There are a number of reasons the iPhone 6 is more popular than that iPhone 5S,
but perhaps the most obvious is that even with two generations of S models, many
iPhone users think the iPhone that comes after the iPhone 5 will be the iPhone
6."

Those ... fools! These are probably the same people who like sheep just do
whatever they're instructed by Apple's advertising campaigns. Don't they realize
that Apple has a damn Naming System? Don't they follow obsessively every single
rumor about plastic vs. metal casings or flexible display technology, or every
compulsively detailed analysis of temporary Apple price cuts or of 4.5-inch
display shipment variances? Don't they read sites like GottaBeMobile?
Apparently, incredibly, not.

So what GottaBeMobile really discovered was that most of the people searching
the web for information about the Next iPhone search for "iPhone 6" instead of "
iPhone 5S" because they think that the Next iPhone - the iPhone to be announced
in 2013 -- actually will be called "iPhone 6."

Imagine that.

iPhone 6 will be the Next iPhone even if the Next iPhone is actually the iPhone
5S And speaking of iPhone naming systems, though the preferred term is "naming
conventions," Erica Ogg at Gigaom is clearly impressed with the analysis of
Apple's naming conventions, and the judgment of their failure, by "former Apple
ad man Ken Segall."

"Former Apple ad man Ken Segall has done some thinking about the tendency to
assume that the next iPhone will be called the iPhone 5S -- and he thinks it's a
pretty bad idea," she shares in a blog post. "He argued in a blog post Thursday
why Apple should call the next smartphone it releases next the iPhone 6, no
matter what. It's true...."

One of the most widely quoted statements from Segall's own blog post expands on
why the "S" spells "deathtrap" for Apple: "[T]acking an S onto the existing
model number sends a rather weak message. It says that this is our 'off-year'
product, with only modest improvements. If holding off on the big number change
achieved some great result, I might think otherwise. But look what happened with
iPhone 5."

Let's look. According to Segall, even though the iPhone 5 had all kinds of
"major changes" -- bigger screen, better camera, etc., etc. - [y]et its
improvements were still dismissed by many as 'incremental.'" This indeed is
terrible. Who would waste their money on some once-innovative product now ruined
by incremental changes? Who, that is, apart from the record 47.8 million people
who did buy one in Apple's fiscal first quarter, outstripping the iPhone 4S's
sales a year earlier in the same quarter of 37 million, which was also a record
up to that point. Quarterly breakdown of iPhone sales is here; the quarterly
total includes all iPhone models bought during that period.

We're having some trouble following the "thinking" here. Segall's argument first
is that the "S" weakens the brand, making people less likely to buy it. So his
"solution" is to use only a number, which presumably will strengthen the
perception that the phone is innovative or at least more innovative than an "S"
model. But he himself has already shown that the iPhone 5 was especially
denounced by the cognoscenti for not being innovative, suggesting the "5"
actually didn't help. Except, of course, in record sales...just like the 4S had
record sales.

"And I agree with his take: why lower expectations for a device from the outset
by telegraphing to buyers that this year's device isn't as new or "innovative"
as the one coming in the next year?" Ogg says.

But in buying a personal electronic device, it's a bit unclear to Rollup what
the significance is of "lower expectations" before the device is announced. Or
for that matter, if most buyers-who-don't-write-for-tech-blogs actually have
lower expectations regarding a future iPhone. Surely what matters isn't your low
expectations of what Apple will announce in the Next iPhone, but rather your
decisions based on what Apple actually does announce in the Next iPhone.

For both iPhone 4S and 5, record numbers of consumers were happy to buy it. So
how is this "unwise" naming convention a "bad idea?"

iPhone 6 will have flexible display because Apple is hiring a flexible display
guy For the iOSphere, Apple job postings, like Apple patents, are the 21st
century version of Etruscan and Roman haruspicy, or "the inspection of the
entrails of sacrificed animals." KnowYourMobile's Paul Briden doesn't shrink
from getting his hands bloody.

"A new job posting at Apple shows that the company is interested in developing
flexible displays, a technology which could see use on the rumoured iWatch or
the future iPhone 6," writes Briden, in a post at KnowYourMobile.  Briden's link
to the specific job posting, for a "sr. optical engineer," doesn't work: Apple
apparently deleted it, according to 9to5Mac, which helpfully provided a screen
capture of the original.  The original's general description is: "Apple Inc. is
looking for a Display Specialist to lead the investigation on emerging display
technologies such as high optical efficiency LCD, AMOLED and flexible display to
improve overall display optical performance."

Briden, 9to5Mac's Jordan Kahn, and almost everyone else who posted about this
focused on the words "flexible display," the idea being that ... flexible
displays are the Next Big Thing. Kahn mentions the speculation: "Flexible
display rumors have picked up steam even more since rumors of an iWatch from
Apple, and just today we came across two new Apple patent applications detailing
flexible devices that could change states as a user bends or twists the device."

Twistable iPhones. Not to mention the mythical iWatch. The excitement of it all
makes us a bit twistable, too.

"Today's job listing is definitely the first bit of solid proof directly from
Apple that it is looking into developing devices with flexible displays," Kahn
concludes.

Not exactly.

Flexible displays may be the Next Big Thing for the display industry as a whole
in a few years, but probably not for smartphones.

That's because there's a limit to the useable additional surface area that a
curved display can create in something the size of a smartphone. If you're
holding it in one hand, and manipulating the screen with that hand's thumb,
having the screen curve around the sides or around the back isn't going to do
much for you, because you won't be able to reach it or see it.

Neither Kahn or Briden, or many of the other bloggers, refer to the other
technologies and requirements mentioned in the Apple job posting. The most
significant one is the mention of OLED (and AMOLED), or organic light-emitting
diodes( and active-matrix OLED). Flexible displays are made possible by OLED,
which uses an organic "emissive electroluminescent layer" or film between two
electrodes.

Apple currently relies on LCD technology, or liquid crystal displays: a layer of
liquid crystal sandwiched between sheets of glass and other stuff. And Apple is
really good at LCD screens. AnandTech's Chris Heinonen, after a highly detailed
analysis if the iPhone 5 display performance concludes: "Wrapping up, the iPhone
5 display is a quantum leap better than the display on the iPhone 4. Contrast
levels and light output have both been increased, and color performance is
astonishing. The full sRGB gamut is present here, and color errors are
remarkably low even for a high end desktop display. While many were hoping for a
move to OLED or some other screen innovation, this really is a huge step up that
is very easy to quantify."

That move to OLED undoubtedly is coming, because the technology offers a number
of advantages over LCD: lower power demand, faster refresh, better contrast,
greater brightness, wider viewing angles, high durability, and light weight.
(For more details and background on OLED, check out OLED-Info.com.) And in
February, it was widely noted that Apple had hired Dr. Jeung Jil Lee, reportedly
an OLED research fellow at LG Display, one of Apple's display panel suppliers.

But relatively higher cost and other technical issues have made OLED a
non-starter for Apple so far. This post by a Forbes contributor has some of the
OLED critiques offered in the past by Apple's Tim Cook and the late Steve Jobs.

Whether OLED displays, even flat ones, appear in the 2013 iPhone or even the
2014 iPhone is anyone's guess at this point.

iPhone 6 will have a fingerprint sensor because Apple is hiring a fingerprint
sensor test guy More from the Entrails Dept., courtesy of GadgetInsider's Brian
Fulcher.

"Long thought of to be one of the iPhone 5S' new and unique features,
fingerprint sensor technology (possibly located underneath the next iPhone's
home button) may actually debut on the iPhone 6, which is what most sources call
Apple's 2014 flagship handset," he reveals.  The Rollup loves that "long thought
to be" an iPhone 5S feature. That actually means "ever since the announcement of
the iPhone 5," because until the iPhone 5 was announced it was long thought that
a fingerprint sensor would be one of its new and unique features.

By "looking at a new Apple job posting," Fulcher discerns that not only is it
unlikely that iPhone 5S will have a fingerprint sensor but that "there's a very
good chance that the 'iPhone 5S'...may be a very, very incremental upgrade over
the iPhone 5."

"The job opening is for a software engineer at Florida's Melbourne Design
Center, and would require the successful candidate to write 'low level code to
configure and control hardware' and use LabTool and FA software to test
fingerprint sensors."

He has a link to the job posting, but here, too, Apple seems to have deleted it.

This is interesting, says Fulcher.

"This is interesting because Melbourne is where Authentec is headquartered,
Authentec being the maker of fingerprint technology solutions Apple had acquired
last year," he notes, significantly. "As this is a late-cycle posting, this
suggests that the iPhone 5S won't come with fingerprint technology after all;
that feature may turn up on the iPhone 6 instead."

The trained, experience haruspex can see truths beyond the abilities of others
like us.

The Rollup covered the Authentec rumors in August 2012, when people were
predicting that the iPhone 5 would incorporate the company's sensor. As
TheNextWeb's Matt Brian confidently wrote then "Will we see fingerprint
technology in the new iPhone (or iPad)? It seems almost certain....we could see
it in just a matter of weeks." We know how that turned out.

Authentec's fingerprint sensor is only one part of the technology bundle for
which Apple paid $356 million: it also offers a range of smart sensors, identity
management (including PC/laptop fingerprint sensors), and embedded security
products, all of which may be of interest to Apple in creating, for example, a
viable, trusted mobile commerce service that would go far beyond using a
fingerprint sensor to unlock your iPhone.

iPhone 6, 5S delayed and you can blame T-Mobile This rumor, notable even in the
iOSphere for its lack of foundation, appeared in a post at International
Business Times by the indefatigable Kristin Dian Mariano.

"The release iPhone 6 and iPhone 5S is rumoured to be postponed due to US
carrier T-Mobile's delayed availability of the current iPhone," she posted.
"With the delayed availability of the handset in T-Mobile, Apple may not release
the successors of the handset yet. Rumours claimed that Apple is set to unleash
iPhone 6 and iPhone 5S in June."

There is not one source cited for this; not even hinted at. For this assertion
to have even a vague semblance of plausibility you have to first believe the
rumors of a June announcement for one or two or even three new iPhones (don't
forget the Cheap iPhone). Then, you have to believe that T-Mobile's decision to
start selling iPhone 5 in April creates a problem for Apple's plan to announce
iPhone 6 in June. Then, you have to believe Apple couldn't have figured this out
ahead of time. Finally, you have to believe that a flummoxed Apple abruptly
decided to "postpone" the Next iPhone announcement to accommodate T-Mobile.

One person who apparently believes all this is SidhTech's Chris Toberlake. He
grants that a June announcement "is of course a little sooner than expected
given that the last iPhone (iPhone 5) only launched in October of last year."
Just a little sooner.

But.

"Even if this does prove true, it has to be the most asinine thing I've heard,"
he rants. "Imagine delaying the iPhone 6, Apple's flagship smartphone that is
set to release all over the globe, because one little carrier in the US was late
to jump on the Apple bandwagon!"

"I would understand if IBT Australia suggested that a T-Mobile iPhone 6 would be
delayed but for the rest of globe to be left waiting for the iPhone 6 because of
the pink carrier is nonsense."

This is a frothing-at-the-mouth level of outrage...over an unannounced product
and its unannounced product schedule, without a nanoshred of evidence to support
IBT's assertions.

Maybe it was a slow rumor day.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network World.

Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnww Email: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   Mail Today

                            October 18, 2015 Sunday

The iPhone 6 is better than Apple's latest 6s

BYLINE: TECH JAVED ANWER TALK

LENGTH: 325  words


APPLE'S latest and greatest iPhone - the iPhone 6s - is now available in India.
But just like all shiny Apple products, this iPhone too comes with a hefty price
tag of Rs.62,000. In fact, it is the most expensive iPhone the company has
launched in India so far.

Those who love to splurge on all things Apple will not be deterred. For many
buying something made by Apple is more an act of faith rather than a necessity.
For them no price is high enough. For lesser mortals, who just want a great
phone and seek that greatness in the iPhone, the price sure is a concern.

The solution, however, also comes from Apple. And that is called the iPhone 6,
the device that was launched last year. The iPhone 6s is the latest phone and
hence marginally better than the previous iPhone but the highprice means it is
not the best value. The iPhone 6, which was launched at a price of above
Rs.50,000, is now selling for around Rs.37,000. This makes it an incredible
value.

The interesting bit about the iPhone 6 is that if you opt for it, you don't
really give up much in comparison to the iPhone 6s. The design, size and the
screen of both the devices are same.

Features too are same and with the iPhone 6 you get the same software that you
get with the iPhone 6s. Also, it is sure that you will continue to get the same
features and software with the iPhone 6 that will you get with the iPhone 6s for
at least two years.

The difference, on paper, between the two phones is the core hardware, including
camera. But the iPhone 6 is already a very fast phone so you won't notice any
meaningful difference between it and the iPhone 6s. On the camera part too, same
is true. So far from what we have seen there is very little difference between
the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6s camera performance.

By going with the iPhone 6, you can save almost Rs.25,000. This is a big saving.

More significantly, the iPhone 6 is already so good that it is almost identical
to the iPhone 6s.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Mail Today, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                             August 3, 2015 Monday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Apple Analyst: New iPhone 6S Looks Strong; Says Sales Will Top Estimates

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: INTERNET & TECHNOLOGY; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 373 words


Wall Street analysts underestimate the sales potential of Apple's upcoming
iPhone 6 S series handsets, Nomura Securities analyst Jeffrey Kvaal said in a
research report.

Kvaal initiated coverage of Apple stock on Thursday with a buy rating and a
price target of 145. Apple closed Friday at 121.30.

After the big success of Apple's bigger-screen iPhone 6 and 6 Plus handsets, few
expect much from this year's model, the iPhone 6 S, to be released in September.

The consensus view for iPhone unit volumes in fiscal 2016, which starts Sept.
27, "is that growth will be close to nil," Kvaal said.

Consensus estimates are modeling for 233 million iPhone units in fiscal 2016 vs.
230 million in the current fiscal year, he said.

"We believe the iPhone 6 S cycle will be stronger than expected," he added.

By the time Apple launches the iPhone 6 S, the iPhone 6 will have penetrated 35%
to 40% of the iPhone user base, Kvaal said. That leaves a lot of room for growth
not only for the iPhone 6 S but also for lower-priced iPhone 6 models, he said.

Apple traditionally cuts the prices for its older-model handsets when it
releases a new model.

Nomura is modeling iPhone unit sales growth of nearly 8% to 250 million units in
fiscal 2016.

Kvaal sees particular strength in China and emerging markets, and among people
switching from Google Android-based phones.

Apple also might try selling a lower-priced model iPhone next spring called the
iPhone 6 C, Kvaal said.

Apple's previous attempt at a lower-priced iPhone, the iPhone 5 C, sold poorly
because the price gap between it and the iPhone 5 S was not wide enough, he
said.

The iPhone 6 C is likely to have a greater price gap with the standard 6 S
models, he said. It probably will have a plastic case like the iPhone 5 C and
may return to the classic smaller 4-inch screen size, he said.

Meanwhile, BuzzFeed reported Thursday that Apple will come out with a new
version of its set-top box in September.

The new Apple TV set-top box will use Apple's A8 system-on-a-chip and feature a
new remote control with a touchpad input, Siri voice controls and more onboard
data storage, BuzzFeed said.

Apple's long-rumored Internet television service is not likely to launch with
the next-generation Apple TV box, however.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                             August 3, 2015 Monday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Apple Analyst: New iPhone 6S Looks Strong Says Sales Will Top Estimates

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ that Apple will come out with a new version of its set-top
box in September. The new Apple TV set-top box will use Apple's A8
system-on-a-chip and feature a new remote control with a touchpad input, Siri
voice + controls and more onboard data storage, BuzzFeed said. Apple's
long-rumored Internet television service is not likely to launch with the
next-generation Apple TV box, however.

SECTION: A; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 309 words


Wall Street analysts underestimate the sales potential of Apple's upcoming
iPhone 6 S series handsets, Nomura Securities analyst Jeffrey Kvaal said in a
research report.

Kvaal initiated coverage of Apple stock on Thursday with a buy rating and a
price target of 145. Apple closed Friday at 121.30.

After the big success of Apple's bigger-screen iPhone 6 and 6 Plus handsets, few
expect much from this year's model, the iPhone 6 S, to be released in September.

The consensus view for iPhone unit volumes in fiscal 2016, which starts Sept.
27, "is that growth will be close to nil," Kvaal said.

Consensus estimates are modeling for 233 million iPhone units in fiscal 2016 vs.
230 million in the current fiscal year, he said.

"We believe the iPhone 6 S cycle will be stronger than expected," he added.

By the time Apple launches the iPhone 6 S, the iPhone 6 will have penetrated 35%
to 40% of the iPhone user base, Kvaal said. That leaves a lot of room for growth
not only for the iPhone 6 S but also for lower-priced iPhone 6 models, he said.

Apple traditionally cuts the prices for its older-model handsets when it
releases a new model.

Nomura is modeling iPhone unit sales growth of nearly 8% to 250 million units in
fiscal 2016.

Kvaal sees particular strength in China and emerging markets, and among people
switching from Google Android-based phones.

Apple also might try selling a lower-priced model iPhone next spring called the
iPhone 6 C, Kvaal said.

Apple's previous attempt at a lower-priced iPhone, the iPhone 5 C, sold poorly
because the price gap between it and the iPhone 5 S was not wide enough, he
said.

The iPhone 6 C is likely to have a greater price gap with the standard 6 S
models, he said. It probably will have a plastic case like the iPhone 5 C and
may return to the classic smaller 4-inch screen size, he said.

Meanwhile, BuzzFeed reported Thursday

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday

First look: Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus;
TREVOR TAN offers his initial impressions of the new iPhones, which he saw in
Cupertino, California, after they were presented by Apple

SECTION: DIGITAL LIFE; Apple

LENGTH: 610 words


As had been widely rumoured, Apple launched two iPhones this year; one bigger
than the other, and both bigger than the iPhone 5/5s.

The iPhone 6 has a 4.7-inch display, while the iPhone 6 Plus features a 5.5-inch
display.

Both models use the same new 64-bit A8 processor that is supposed to deliver
20-per-cent faster performance and 50-per-cent faster graphics than the iPhone
5s.

The new iPhones also have the new M8 motion co-processor that can measure both
distance and elevation, and a built-in barometer that reckons elevation by
measuring differences in air pressure.

In a first for the iPhone, Near Field Communication or NFC, is built in, as is
Wi-Fi 802.11ac and a Touch ID home button.

The colours - space grey, silver and gold - are the same as for the iPhone 5s.
Storage options are 16GB, 64GB and 128GB.

Design

Other than having different screen sizes, the newest iPhones share the same
design elements. Gone are the chamfered edges of the iPhone 5/5s. The newcomers
have slim aluminium chassis with rounded edges.

The front glass panel is also curved around the edges and seamlessly joins the
rounded edges of the aluminium shell.

The rear of both iPhones sheds the duo-tone look of the iPhone 5 series and has
a more uniform colour. Only the antenna band is slightly different in colour.

Both new iPhones are thinner than the iPhone 5/5s, which were 7.6mm thick. The
iPhone 6 is only 6.9mm thick, while the iPhone 6 Plus is 0.2mm thicker at 7.1mm.

However, both new iPhones are heavier than the iPhone 5s, which weighed 112g.
The iPhone 6 weighs 129g; the Plus tips the scales at 172g.

Display

Apple describes the display of both new iPhones as having "Retina HD" quality.
Certainly, both are better than what is usually described as high-definition
(HD) quality - that is, 1,280 x 720 pixels.

The 4.7-inch display of the iPhone 6 has a screen resolution of 1,334 × 750
pixels to give it a pixel density of 364 pixels per inch (ppi).

The 5.5-inch display of the iPhone 6 Plus has a screen resolution of 1,920 ×
1,080 pixels, with a pixel density of 401 ppi. So you can watch a full-HD video
in its full glory on an iPhone.

They are supposed to have a better colour gamut, more accurate white balance and
higher contrast. The iPhone 6 has a 1,400:1 contrast ratio to the Plus
(1,300:1).

Text, websites and videos look clear and sharp, and colour shift is negligible
when the display is viewed from the side.

Camera

The 8-megapixel f/2.2 rear camera did not get an improved megapixel count or
pixel size. But it got a very important autofocusing upgrade.

The image sensor now has Focus Pixels, Apple's fancy term for phase detection
autofocus which is usually found in DSLR cameras. So autofocusing should be much
faster whether for still or moving images.

The camera allows for slow-motion videos at 240 frames per second (fps), an
improvement from the iPhone 5s' 120fps.

With the new iOS 8, time-lapse photography is also built into the camera
software.

The iPhone 6 Plus has an optical image stabiliser that works with the A8 chip,
gyroscope and M8 motion co-processor to measure motion data and provides lens
movement to compensate for camera shake.

Handling

The rounded edges, unlike those of the iPhone 5/5s, make the new iPhones really
easy to hold.

The Sleep/Wake button that had been sited on top of iPhone for the longest time
is now sited on the right edge of both new models, within easy reach of your
thumb.

Being smaller, the iPhone 6 does feel easier to use with one hand. Two hands
would probably do better for the Plus.

For a full review of both models, keep a lookout today at Digital Life Online
(www.straitstimes.com/digital-life).

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                           September 15, 2015 Tuesday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Apple Mum On Orders, Upbeat On Early Sales; China Is Included This Time; Apple
usually releases initial iPhone preorders; 6S Plus demand strong

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: FRONT PAGE NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 529 words


Apple on Monday balked at giving first-day pre-order numbers for the iPhone 6 S,
despite doing so for most other models.

Instead, Apple said that its iPhone 6 S smartphones were "on pace" to beat the
first-weekend sales record (10 million units) set by iPhone 6 handsets last
year.

The iPhone 6 S was available for pre-order starting Saturday in 12 countries vs.
10 for the iPhone 6. The additional two countries this year are China and New
Zealand.

Last year, Apple announced 4 million pre-orders of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus
handsets, compared with 2 million for the iPhone 5 in 2012. It didn't make
2013's iPhone 5 S available for pre-order.

The iPhone 6 S and iPhone 6 S Plus handsets will be sold in stores starting
Friday, Sept. 25.

"Customer response to iPhone 6 S and iPhone 6 S Plus has been extremely positive
and preorders this weekend were very strong around the world," Apple said. "We
are on pace to beat last year's 10 million unit first-weekend record when the
new iPhones go on sale September 25."

Apple said it is struggling to keep up with "exceptionally strong" demand for
the larger-screen iPhone 6 S.

"We are working to catch up as quickly as we can, and we will have iPhone 6 S
Plus as well as  iPhone 6 S units available at Apple retail stores when they
open next Friday," the company said.

Bernstein analyst Toni Sacconaghi saw the news as "mixed."

"Typically Apple provides an update on the number of orders it receives during
its first 24 hours," he said in a Monday note. "Apple did not provide this
figure today, raising the question of whether it might be lower than last year's
total of 4 million."

Given that China accounts for more than 20% of iPhone unit sales, initial iPhone
6 S pre-orders should have been larger than last year's, Sacconaghi said.

Apple did signal that first-weekend sales, including two weeks of pre-orders,
will top last year's iPhone 6 launch. But this largely reflects its ability to
supply handsets, he said. Pre-orders are a better gauge of consumer demand.

Sacconaghi rates Apple stock as outperform with a 135 price target. Shares rose
1% to 115.30.

Apple is likely to announce first-weekend iPhone 6 S sales on Monday Sept. 28,
Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster said in a note Monday. He expects sales of 12
million to 13 million units, vs. 10 million a year earlier.

"The iPhone 6 S cycle seems to be off to a 10%-20% better start than the iPhone
6," Munster said, but "excluding China, the numbers likely suggest 0%-10%."

He added: "We are modeling 3% year-over-year growth for the 6 S cycle." Because
Wall Street had seen only flat unit sales, "we view today's update as a solid
start to the 6 S cycle."

Munster reiterated his overweight rating on Apple stock and price target of 172.

The initial Phone 6 S Plus handset shortage could suggest a mix shift towards
the more expensive models, boosting average selling prices, Wells Fargo
Securities analyst Maynard Um said. The Plus models also are believed to carry
higher profit margins.

Um rates Apple stock as outperform with a fair value of 125 to 135.

The iPhone 6 S handsets feature a pressure-sensitive display, a faster processor
and improved front- and rear-facing cameras.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Apple unveils iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus with bigger screens

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 543 words


NEW DELHI: Amidst much fanfare and anticipation, Apple on Tuesday unveiled two
new versions of its flagship smartphone, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Both
smartphones will run on Apple's latest operating software, the iOS 8.

The iPhone 6 will be available at a starting price of $199 for the 16 GB
version. The price goes up to $399 for the 128 GB version. The iPhone 6 plus
starts at $299 for 16GB, $399 for 64 GB and $499 for 128GB.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available in stores from September 19.
The pre-orders will begin from September 12. Apple plans to make the new
smartphones available in 115 countries by the end of this year.

While Apple CEO Time Cook introduced the new iPhones, Phil Schiller took to the
stage to go through the finer details of the products. Both smartphones come
with 'Retina HD' displays and ion- strengthened glass. While the iPhone 6 sports
a 4.7 inch screen, the iPhone 6 Plus will come with a larger 5.5 inch display.

The iPhone 6 is 6.8mm thin and the iPhone 6 Plus is 7.1mm thin. Both smartphones
boast of a new gesture for called 'reachability. This feature allows you to
double touch the home button and results in the whole display sliding down. This
is meant to allow the user to reach the top buttons.

Both iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will run on Apple's A8 64 bit chip. The new chip
is 13% smaller than the A7. According to Schiller, this translates into 20%
faster CPU and 50% faster graphics.

The new iPhones have the power button on the side. Apple has made 1.3 million
apps available on their new smartphones.

While Apple claims that iPhone 6 Plus has 24 hours of 3G talk time, the iPhone 6
is said to have 14 hours of 3G talk time.

Both phones have an 8MP camera with 'True-tone flash',. 1.5 micron pixels. The
cameras have an iSight sensor."

\xA0

With these new cameras, panoramas can be up to 43 megapixels. Schiller said that
face detection and blink/smile detection is better too. The iPhone 6 has
'digital' image stabilization, whereas the iPhone 6 Plus has optical image
stabilization.

The iPhone 6 Plus has a different User Interface. It also boasts of new keyboard
keys for cut copy and paste.

Apple CEO Tim Cook began the keynote address by stating, "It is great to be back
in the Flint Center." Flint Centre is the place where Apple first introduced the
Macintosh. "Today we are launching the biggest advancement in the history of
iPhone," he declared.

Ahead of the event, Tim Cook tweeted, "Looking forward to a great day in
Cupertino! Join us at 10am Pacific."

Analysts have said that the new iPhones are likely to help Apple to gain market
share against mobiles running Google Inc's Android platform by offering
something that Apple previously lacked - larger screens.

Apple has invited top fashion editors and bloggers in unprecedented numbers to
its launch gala as it tries to forge closer ties to the fashion world that may
prove crucial to the success of a wearable device.

Earlier this year Apple had given a glimpse of its latest operating software the
iOS 8. The iOS 8 offers 'HomeKit' options. HomeKit aims to set up a system that
lets an iPhone or iPad serve as the remote control of an entire household
outfitted with an assortment of digital appliances.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sunday Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           September 28, 2014 Sunday
                                 First Edition

Apple makes the big call;
TECH KNOW

BYLINE: Adam Turner

SECTION: M; homestyle; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 396 words


For the first time, iPhone shoppers are faced with a choice: do you go large
with the iPhone 6 or extra large with the iPhone 6 Plus?

In response to growing competition, Apple has released two versions of its
latest phone: the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and hefty 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus. The iPhone
can now stand toe-to-toe with giant Android rivals.

While big phones are old news for Android lovers, the iPhone 6 might come as a
shock to Apple fans because it's taller and wider than its predecessor. To
compensate, Apple has moved the power button to the right-hand side so it's
easier to reach. The iPhone 6's extra girth grows on you and more screen real
estate certainly comes in handy.

The next step up to the iPhone 6 Plus is more confronting and it might be
difficult to grip for people with small hands. It's more of an in-between device
if you don't want to carry around a phone and a tablet.

THE VERDICT It depends on what you feel comfortable holding, as the iPhone 6
Plus is bulky and demands two hands to perform some tasks. If you're jealous of
the expanses of screen real estate available on giant Android phablets such as
Samsung's Galaxy Note, then the iPhone 6 Plus is for you. If in doubt, stick
with the iPhone 6 because it will still feel like a major step up from an older
iPhone.

CHECK THIS OUT

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus can act as tap-and-go credit or debit cards, thanks to
the built-in near-field communications chip, but there's no launch date for
"Apple Pay" in Australia. When it does launch, iPhone 5 and 5s owners will also
be able to swipe their phone to pay at the counter if they're also wearing the
Apple Watch, due next year.

iPHONE 6 FROM $869

It's thinner than the iPhone 5 and only a fraction lighter, so it doesn't feel
like more of a burden in your hand or your pocket. The curved edges are easier
to grip and look more elegant. Both new iPhone models have more grunt than the 5
and take slightly better photos (the same number of megapixels, but improved
lenses).

iPHONE 6 PLUS FROM $999

It's thicker and heavier than the iPhone 6, but still thinner than the 5. The
screen is larger than the 6 and sharper at 1920x1080 to match a Full HD
television. You get longer battery life, and optical image stabilisation to
remove shake from videos. It also borrows tricks from the iPad, like extra
buttons on the keyboard and split-screen mode in some apps like Mail.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                           September 15, 2015 Tuesday
                                  EAST EDITION

Apple Mum On Orders, Upbeat On Early Sales China Is Included This Time Apple
usually releases initial iPhone preorders; 6S Plus demand strong

SECTION: A; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 536 words


BY PATRICK SEITZ

INVESTOR'S BUSINESS DAILY

Apple on Monday balked at giving first-day pre-order numbers for the iPhone 6 S,
despite doing so for most other models.

Instead, Apple said that its iPhone 6 S smartphones were "on pace" to beat the
first-weekend sales record (10 million units) set by iPhone 6 handsets last
year.

The iPhone 6 S was available for pre-order starting Saturday in 12 countries vs.
10 for the iPhone 6. The additional two countries this year are China and New
Zealand.

Last year, Apple announced 4 million pre-orders of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus
handsets, compared with 2 million for the iPhone 5 in 2012. It didn't make
2013's iPhone 5 S available for pre-order.

The iPhone 6 S and iPhone 6 S Plus handsets will be sold in stores starting
Friday, Sept. 25.

"Customer response to iPhone 6 S and iPhone 6 S Plus has been extremely positive
and preorders this weekend were very strong around the world," Apple said. "We
are on pace to beat last year's 10 million unit first-weekend record when the
new iPhones go on sale September 25."

Apple said it is struggling to keep up with "exceptionally strong" demand for
the larger-screen iPhone 6 S.

"We are working to catch up as quickly as we can, and we will have iPhone 6 S
Plus as well as  iPhone 6 S units available at Apple retail stores when they
open next Friday," the company said.

Bernstein analyst Toni Sacconaghi saw the news as "mixed."

"Typically Apple provides an update on the number of orders it receives during
its first 24 hours," he said in a Monday note. "Apple did not provide this
figure today, raising the question of whether it might be lower than last year's
total of 4 million."

Given that China accounts for more than 20% of iPhone unit sales, initial iPhone
6 S pre-orders should have been larger than last year's, Sacconaghi said.

Apple did signal that first-weekend sales, including two weeks of pre-orders,
will top last year's iPhone 6 launch. But this largely reflects its ability to
supply handsets, he said. Pre-orders are a better gauge of consumer demand.

Sacconaghi rates Apple stock as outperform with a 135 price target. Shares rose
1% to 115.30.

Apple is likely to announce first-weekend iPhone 6 S sales on Monday Sept. 28,
Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster said in a note Monday. He expects sales of 12
million to 13 million units, vs. 10 million a year earlier.

"The iPhone 6 S cycle seems to be off to a 10%-20% better start than the iPhone
6," Munster said, but "excluding China, the numbers likely suggest 0%-10%."

He added: "We are modeling 3% year-over-year growth for the 6 S cycle." Because
Wall Street had seen only flat unit sales, "we view today's update as a solid
start to the 6 S cycle."

Munster reiterated his overweight rating on Apple stock and price target of 172.

The initial Phone 6 S Plus handset shortage could suggest a mix shift towards
the more expensive models, boosting average selling prices, Wells Fargo
Securities analyst Maynard Um said. The Plus models also are believed to carry
higher profit margins.

Um rates Apple stock as outperform with a fair value of 125 to 135.

The iPhone 6 S handsets feature a pressure-sensitive display, a faster processor
and improved front- and rear-facing cameras.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Apple Call Is On Line With New iPhone 6s; Gluten Free' But Bland? Smartphone
debut event and Apple TV, iPad Pro fail to impress investors

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: FRONT PAGE NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 523 words


Apple unwrapped its ninth-generation iPhone on Wednesday, but investors were
unimpressed.

Apple stock fell 1.9% to 110.15 on the day, which also saw the unveiling of a
fourth-generation Apple TV set-top box and a large-screen iPad Pro tablet.

Wall Street is concerned that iPhone unit sales could fall year over year for
the first time ever with the new iPhone 6 S and 6 S Plus handsets. Apple's
latest smartphones face tough comparisons to last year's huge iPhone 6 launch,
which satisfied pent-up demand for big-screen smartphones.

The iPhone is by far Apple's largest business, accounting for 63% of its June
quarter revenue.

Going For The Rose Gold

This year's handsets look the same as last year's, except for the added new rose
gold color model. The iPhone 6 S and 6 S Plus have the same screen sizes (4.7
and 5.5 inches, respectively) and pricing as their predecessors. But they sport
better components, such as a pressure-sensitive 3 D Touch display, improved
front- and rear-facing cameras, a faster processor and a sturdier aluminum case.

"By the way, iPhone 6 S is gluten free," quipped One Direction singer Ryan
Tedder, who was the musical guest at Apple's event.

The new phones will be available for pre-order starting Saturday and will be in
stores Sept. 25.

Apple touted the new iPhones as its most advanced yet, but the sales pitch did
little to ease concerns that the growth days for the iPhone are behind it.

"We view positively iPhone enhancements, but are wary of comparables given the
success of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus," said S&P Capital IQ analyst Angelo
Zino. He rates Apple stock a hold.

The new features and technologies in the iPhone 6 S should be enough for Apple
to continue to gain market share at the high-end of the smartphone market, Piper
Jaffray analyst Gene Munster said. Lower prices for the existing iPhone 6 models
also should help draw customers, he said. Munster rates Apple stock as
overweight with a price target of 172.

"We are expecting 4% year-over-year iPhone unit growth vs. the Street at flat in
2016," he said.

An Incremental iPhone?

Apple CEO Tim Cook addressed how to follow the phenomenal success of iPhone 6.

"How do you follow a success like this? I've gotten that question a few times,"
Cook said. "While (the iPhone 6 S phones) may look familiar, we have changed
everything about these new iPhones."

The first TV commercial for the iPhone 6 S starts with a narrator saying, "This
is the iPhone 6 S. Not much has changed." Then she says "except" and lists the
many new features.

The pressure-sensitive display can tell a soft press from a hard one, creating
new ways to interact with apps and content. With 3 D Touch, users can get
previews of content and find app shortcuts.

The iPhone 6 S has a 12-megapixel rear camera, vs. 8 megapixels for the old
model. It shoots 4 K ultra high-definition video, new for the iPhone. The phone
has a 5 megapixel FaceTime camera that uses the Retina display as a flash for
taking better selfies.

The iPhone 6 S uses Apple's A9 processor, its third-generation 64-bit chip. It
provides a 70% faster CPU and 90% faster graphics processor speed vs. the A8
chip.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                RedEye, Chicago

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 3, 2015 Wednesday

BRIEF: Carry Toews and Kane in your pocket

BYLINE: Sara Amato, RedEye, Chicago

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 117 words


June 03--Listen, we know how much you love the Blackhawks. And we want to help
you love them even more. So RedEye put together four different iPhone wallpapers
so you can carry your love for the Blackhawks around with you wherever you go.

iPhone 4/4s: Download

iPhone 5/5s/5c: Download

iPhone 6: Download

iPhone 6 plus: Download

iPhone 4/4s: Download

iPhone 5/5s/5c: Download

iPhone 6: Download

iPhone 6 plus: Download

iPhone 4/4s: Download

iPhone 5/5s/5c: Download

iPhone 6: Download

iPhone 6 plus: Download

iPhone 4/4s: Download

iPhone 5/5s/5c: Download

iPhone 6: Download

iPhone 6 plus: Download

___ (c)2015 RedEye (Chicago) Visit RedEye (Chicago) at www.redeyechicago.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150603-1RC-BRF-Carry-Toews-and-Kane-in-your-pocket-0603-20150603

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1RC


                                 Copyright 2015


                              44 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                   Arab News

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Mobily set to launch iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus on Sept. 26

LENGTH: 236 words


Phil Schiller, senior vice president at Apple Inc., speaks about the iPhone 6
(C) and the iPhone 6 Plus (R) during an Apple event at the Flint Center in
Cupertino, California, on Tuesday. On the leftmost side is the Apple iPhone 5S.
(Reuters/Stephen Lam)

JEDDAH: ARAB NEWS

Mobily on Wednesday said it will launch the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in
Saudi Arabia on September 26, 2014 in a move to bring the latest and best
smartphones to its subscribers.
The new generation of the iPhone is the slimmest ever introduced: the iPhone 6
is on 6.9 mm thick and the iPhone 6 Plus is 7.1 mm thick.
Apple Company has increased the screen size of the new iPhone generation, a size
of 4.7 inch with 1334 × 750 pixels accuracy for iPhone 6 and 5.5 inch HD with
1920 × 1080 pixels accuracy for iPhone 6 Plus. In addition, both screens enjoy
the feature Retina HD.
Apple strengthened its iPhones with a new generation of A8 processors, which are
faster than the previous one, in addition to a new operating system, IOS 8. The
battery performance was improved to operate for a longer period.
Mobily will provide iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in all colors as announced by the
company: silver, gold and gray and as per the smartphones packages.
Mobily has a broad experience in launching the iPhone smartphones in the
domestic market. It was the first company in the Kingdom to launch the first
Apple iPhone and smart devices in early 2009.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 9


           Copyright 2014 Arab News - Saudi Research & Publishing Co.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                            October 18, 2013, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending Oct. 18;
Facts, warnings, gut feelings, and solid reasons

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1390 words


Nine million new iPhone buyers can't be right. They should have waited until
January or June or September 2014 for thebig-screened iPhone 6.

The Big Screen has achieved Facthood, according to some in the iOSphere. It's
just a question of when iPhone 6 will introduce it. Rumors, rather unhelpfully,
suggest anywhere from January to September 2014.

It can't come too soon, according to everyone from rumormongering bloggers to
Donald Trump, all of them warning of Doom, if Apple delays. Pay no attention to
those 9 million new iPhone owners.

You read it here second.

iPhone 6 will have a larger display and that's a fact Much of the rumoring this
week was simply rehashing last week's rumors about the screen size for iPhone 6.

Claire Hopping at KnowYourMobile created a grab bag of rumors by linking to
weeks-old speculative blog posts.

"Much of what we're hearing at the moment is conjecture," she begins, modestly
enough. Alas, the modesty doesn't endure. "But the next iPhone update is likely
to be a very significant one - it's a solid number update, and that means big
changes...."

How big? Well ... big.

"The iPhone 6 will be the handset that sees Apple implement larger displays and
that isn't conjecture - it's fact," she declares.

This fact is based, apparently, on speculation by stock analyst Brian White, of
Cantor Fitzgerald, who has been cranking out Notes To Investors since returning
from a tour of component manufacturers in Asia.

"Our meeting with a tech supply chain vendor during our China/Taiwan Tech Tour
today highlighted a bigger iPhone is in the works, and our contact expects a
launch in the 2Q:14/3Q:14 time frame," White claims, according to Teresa Rivas'
account in Barrons' TechTradeDaily blog.  "We are confident a larger iPhone will
be launched in 2014," White says.

Hopping also links to the oft-linked Sept. 5 Wall Street Journal story that
repeated what most people already knew: that Apple does a lot of prototype
product testing.

"The electronics giant has begun evaluating a plan to offer iPhones with screens
ranging from 4.8 inches to as high as 6 inches, people familiar with the matter
say...," according to the Journal. "Component suppliers say Apple already began
testing larger screens for iPhones in recent months. Apple has been particularly
interested in recent tests for a 4.8-inch screen, these people say."

Arguments will be raging until whenever in 2014 the Next iPhone or the next
iPhone model is released about how big the screen will be, or should be, or must
be. This week, Donald Trump added his two cents, by tweeting "As an addition,
Apple must go to a larger screen now--asap! They're losing their standing in the
market!"

They are so losing their standing in the market that Verizon's just-announced Q3
results revealed that only 51 percent of all phone activations were for iPhones
(up from 43 percent in Q2); that unit iPhone sales were about the same as for
Q2; and that year over year, iPhone unit sales were up 26 percent.

Please release a bigger iPhone, Tim Cook, before it's too late!

iPhone 6 will create problems for IT groups because of its big screen This rumor
arrives courtesy of IBM, specifically it's "Midsize Insider," a website intended
to be a "valuable repository of expert content tailored for small-to-midsized
business owners and IT decision makers. Expert insights and perspectives in the
Midsize Insider are gleaned from actionable business experiences and will assist
readers in creating efficiencies, cutting costs and delivering results."

This particular expert content, "Apple's iPhone 6 Screen May Be Challenging for
IT Managers" was written by Melissa Busch, who begins by linking to CNET's
coverage of the Big!Screen! predictions by the aforementioned Brian White.

Then she gets to the real issue.

"The real issue for IT managers, which may become more of an issue as
smartphones such as the iPhone and other devices change and evolve, is that
employees have begun to move from working in an arena of company-controlled
equipment to an area of unknown operating systems, applications and device
hardware," according to Busch. "In addition, IT professionals will deal with a
special host of problems with mobile devices because they lack many of the trust
features that are often found on laptops and other systems."

In other words, the real issue is that iPhone 6 may be challenging for IT
managers because it's a ... smartphone with an unknown operating system lacking
trust features.

iPhone 6 will be released earlier than September/October 2014...or maybe not
"What we're trying to say here - other than blatantly boasting - is that our
release date and rumour round-up articles tend to get a lot of things right,"
blatantly boasts David Court, writing at PCAdvisor.

The headline gets right to the question: "iPhone 6 release date: When will the
iPhone 6 be launched?"

It turns out that history provides clues to the answer.

"History repeats itself people, so guess what? That's exactly where we are going
to look for a first clue as to when we might see the iPhone 6," Court announces.

He offers a table of iPhone release dates. The first four phones were released
in June (one in July); the last three, in September or October. What clue does
that suggest to Court's keen mind?

"While the history books suggest that there will be a new iPhone 6 release date
around September/October 2014, we have a gut feeling that Apple might - just
might - shake things up a little bit and launch an iPhone 6 earlier than
expected, just like it did with the iPad 4, which was launched just eight months
after the iPad 3 (previous iPads were release 11-12 months apart)," he declares.

In other words, "We're ignoring the clues of history of going with our gut
feeling." And the gut feeling feels like earlier in 2014.

But. "But for the record, the smart money goes on an iPhone 6 release date of
September/October 2014," Court concludes. In other words, "If you're smart,
you'll ignore our gut feeling."

So the answer to the question "When will the iPhone 6 be launched?" is: "I have
no idea."

iPhone 6 will be released in January 2014 Apple is rushing, stampeding even, to
release the iPhone 6 in January because the iPhone 5S and 5C are such failures.

That's the reasoning in Erik Pineda's post at International Business Times,
where it reveals "iPhone 6 Release Date is Q1 2014: 3 Solid Reasons Why Apple is
Rushing the Debut of 1st iOS Phablet."  Things are bad, he says. "To offset what
seems to be shaping up as an Apple financial nosedive, reports alluded to a move
that would lead to earlier than expected coming out of the large-screen iPhone,"
he reveals.

So what are the Solid Reasons for the rush?

First, "Replenishing the 5S stocks remains a huge challenge for Apple." The idea
here seems to be that Apple is having so much problem getting enough inventory
to meet demand for the two newest iPhones that it will therefore rush to release
a third new iPhone. Which, of course, would only shift the alleged inventory
problem to the iPhone 6; and doesn't address the fact that the inventory
"problem" shows how popular the new phones are.

Second, the "64-bit A7 chip is giving the iPhone 5S a bad name." We'll skip even
the few details Pineda offers on this and jump to his conclusion: "To correct
the issue, it's quite possible that the tech giant will simply expedite the
iPhone 6 rollout, aside from dispatching firmware updates that should make the
already circulating 5S and 5C more stable."

Apparently, Apple will solve the 64-bit A7 chip problem by ignoring it - except
for dispatching firmware updates to, you know, fix it - and bringing out a
different 64-bit chip in a new iPhone.

Finally, "The price is not right, that is of the 5S and 5C." Zillions of people
with unsubsidizing mobile carriers can't buy them. So, Apple will release the
iPhone 6 in January. "While it may not touchdown with a lower price mark, at
least consumers will be convinced that they are getting the better deal as
analysts have been insisting for the longest time that the 5S is a mere
incremental jump," Pineda writes.

So, the solution to the problem of the high-priced iPhone 5S and 5C is to
release the high-priced iPhone 6.

You can't get more "solid" than that.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network
World.Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Globes [online] - Israel's Business Arena

                            October 14, 2014 Tuesday

iPhone 6 lsraeli launch price among world's highest;
The price in Israel is NIS 1,100 more than in the US.

BYLINE: Tzahi Hoffman

LENGTH: 403 words


Apple will launch its new iPhone models in Israel, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus,
next week. The iPhone 6 price in Israel, NIS 3,800, will be higher than the NIS
3,600 price for the iPhone 5s when it was launched, and more than in most
countries. The importers profit from the high price in two ways: first of all
because Israeli consumers will buy the phone without blinking an eye, and
secondly because it also affects the price of the previous model. While the
iPhone 5s is sold at an official price of NIS 3,400, the higher initial price
for the iPhone 6 will enable the chains to avoid reducing the iPhone 5s price by
anything more than a minimal amount, while maintaining a price gap between the
new and previous models that is perceived as reasonable. While the launch price
in the US for the iPhone models is fixed, in Israel it varies. The iPhone 4s set
the record of NIS 4,300 when it was launched in December 2011, while the iPhone
5, launched in December 2012, was sold for NIS 3,800, NIS 500 less.

Another iPhone importer, C-Data, entered the market last year, in addition to
the large mobile carriers and importer iDigital. The entry of the new importer,
however, did not change the price of the devices.

They pay NIS 1,100 less in the US

The iPhone 6 costs NIS 2,700 in the US, and the price gap with Israel for the 16
gigabyte version is NIS 1,100. The gap for the iPhone 6 Plus is even greater: it
sells for NIS 3,100 in the US and NIS 1,300 more than that in Israel.

The difference in price between the two new models is also greater in Israel:
NIS 600, compared with NIS 400 in the US.

The reason for the difference

The importers must pay 35% tax to the state, which pushes the price up
significantly. The country where the iPhones are cheapest is Japan, where the
iPhone 6 sells for NIS 2,360 and the iPhone 6 Plus for NIS 2,780. Perhaps the
fact that people in the US also have someone to envy is of some comfort.

One country where iPhone prices are similar to those in Israel is Turkey, where
people pay NIS 3,800 for the iPhone 6, the same price as in Israel, and NIS
4,500 for the iPhone 6 Plus, NIS 100 more than in Israel.

Some chains are already exploiting the public's lack of information and patience
by selling the iPhone 6 at NIS 4,500, and even more.

Published by Globes [online], Israel business news - www.globes-online.com - on
October 14, 2014

© Copyright of Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd. 2014

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2014 Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Lanka Business Report

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Apple announces iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus

LENGTH: 1232 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Sept. 10 -- Apple announced iPhone(R) 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, featuring
two new models with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch Retina HD displays, and packed with
innovative technologies in dramatically thin and seamless design, the company
said in a statement.

Apple Press Info

The new iPhones feature a precision unibody enclosure of anodized aluminum that
conforms seamlessly with the shaped glass of the display, resulting in a
completely smooth and continuous surface.

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are engineered to be the thinnest ever, delivering a
bigger display in a design that is still comfortable to hold and easy to use.

Packed with innovative new technologies, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus include: the
Apple-designed A8 chip with second generation 64-bit desktop-class architecture
for blazing fast performance and power efficiency; advanced iSight(R) and
FaceTime(R) HD cameras; ultrafast wireless technologies; and Apple Pay, an
easier way to simply and securely make payments with just the touch of a finger.
Both models include iOS 8, the latest version of the world's most advanced
mobile operating system, featuring a simpler, faster and more intuitive user
experience with new Messages and Photos features, QuickType keyboard, a new
Health app, Family Sharing and iCloud Drive?.

"iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are the biggest advancements in iPhone history,"
said Tim Cook, Apple's CEO.

"The iPhone is the most loved smartphone in the world with the highest customer
satisfaction in the industry and we are making it much better in every way. Only
Apple can combine the best hardware, software and services at this unprecedented
level and we think customers are going to love it."

For the first time iPhone is available in two new sizes: iPhone 6 features a
stunning 4.7-inch Retina(R) HD display with 1334 x 750 resolution, providing 38
percent more viewing area than iPhone 5s, while iPhone 6 Plus features an even
bigger 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 1920 x 1080 resolution, providing 88
percent more viewing area and nearly three times the pixels than iPhone 5s. The
Retina HD displays offer advanced technologies including higher contrast for
deeper blacks and dual-domain pixels for more accurate colors at wider viewing
angles.

With second generation 64-bit desktop-class architecture, the all-new A8 chip
offers faster performance and is more energy efficient, delivering higher
sustained performance with great battery life. With Metal, a new graphics
technology in iOS 8, developers can take performance of the A8 chip even further
to bring console-class 3D games to iPhone. The A8 chip also includes a new,
powerful Apple-designed image signal processor that enables advanced camera and
video features.

Both models include the M8 motion coprocessor that gathers motion data from the
accelerometer, gyroscope, compass and the new barometer, which senses air
pressure to provide relative elevation. The M8 motion coprocessor can
continuously measure your motion data, even when the device is asleep, saving
battery life for fitness apps that use the sensors all day. With iOS 8, motion
data from M8 appears in the Health app so you can see how many flights of stairs
you've climbed, or how far you've walked or run. Developers can use CoreMotion
APIs that take advantage of M8 and HealthKit to create apps that help you take
better care of your health and fitness.

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus introduce Apple Pay, an easy way to securely pay for
physical goods and services in stores or apps with just the touch of a finger.
Users can pay securely and conveniently in stores by simply holding the phone
near the contactless reader while keeping a finger on Touch ID; there is no need
to unlock your iPhone or launch an app. With Apple Pay, you can also make
one-touch purchases within apps, without having to enter credit card or shipping
information. All payment information is kept private, encrypted and stored
securely in the Secure Element, a chip inside the new iPhones.

The iSight camera gets even better with a new sensor featuring Focus Pixels for
faster autofocus, making it easier to quickly capture any moment. iPhone 6 Plus
users will also benefit from optical image stabilization technology that
compensates for hand shake in low light and works with iOS 8 to reduce subject
motion. High-definition video on iPhone improves with faster frame rates up to
60fps for 1080p video and 240fps for slo-mo, as well as continuous autofocus,
cinematic video stabilization and time-lapse video. The FaceTime HD camera now
captures over 80 percent more light with a new sensor, larger f/2.2 aperture and
advanced new features including burst mode and HDR video.

With faster LTE download speeds of up to 150 Mbps, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
users can browse, download and stream content faster. The new iPhones also
support high-quality voice calls over LTE (VoLTE) as well as Wi-Fi calling. With
support for up to 20 LTE wireless bands-more than any other smartphone in the
world-the new models make it easier to experience high-speed networks around the
world. Both iPhones also include 802.11ac Wi-Fi with speeds up to 433 Mbps and
Bluetooth 4.0.

The new iPhones come with iOS 8, the biggest release since the launch of the App
Store?, delivering a simpler, faster and more intuitive user experience and new
features including QuickType keyboard, a new Health app, Family Sharing and
iCloud Drive. With more than 4,000 new APIs, iOS 8 allows developers to further
customize the user experience with major extensibility features and robust
frameworks such as HealthKit and HomeKit. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus users also
have access to the revolutionary App Store, which offers more than 1.3 million
apps to iPhone, iPad(R) and iPod touch(R) users in 155 countries around the
world.

Pricing & Availability

iPhone 6 comes in gold, silver or space gray, and will be available in the US
for a suggested retail price of $199 (US) for the 16GB model, $299 (US) for the
64GB model and, for the first time, a new 128GB model for $399 (US) with a
two-year contract.? iPhone 6 Plus comes in gold, silver or space gray, and will
be available in the US for a suggested retail price of $299 (US) for the 16GB
model, $399 (US) for the 64GB model and $499 (US) for the new 128GB model with a
two-year contract.? Both models will be available from the Apple Online
Store(www.apple.com), Apple's retail stores, and through AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile,
Verizon Wireless, additional carriers and select Apple Authorized Resellers.
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available in the US, Australia, Canada,
France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the UK beginning
on Friday, September 19, and customers can pre-order both models beginning on
Friday, September 12.

Apple-designed leather cases will be available in black, soft pink, olive brown,
midnight blue and (RED) for $45 (US) for iPhone 6 and $49 (US) for iPhone 6 Plus
and silicone cases in black, blue, pink, green, white and (RED) for a suggested
retail price of $35 (US) for iPhone 6 and $39 (US) for iPhone 6 Plus through the
Apple Online Store (www.apple.com), Apple's retail stores and select Apple
Authorized Resellers.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Lanka Business Report. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


             Copyright 2014 Vanguard Management Services (Pvt.) Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           September 13, 2015 Sunday

iPhone 6S vs iPhone 6S Plus - Which one would you pick?

LENGTH: 530  words


By Abbas Jaffar Ali -

I was quite pleased with Apple's decision to go with a 4.7-inch screen with the
iPhone 6 last year and ordered one almost immediately. Apple also introduced the
iPhone 6 Plus with a 5.5-inch display targeted towards people that prefer a
phablet. Having played with the Samsung Galaxy Note series and other larger
phones, I knew that the larger sized screen was not for me. And yet, here I am,
using the iPhone 6 Plus as my primary phone a year later.

So what made me switch? Well, there are three key difference between the regular
and plus models. First and the most obvious is the larger screen with a higher
resolution. It makes watching videos and playing games more fun. It also makes
the two-handed typing experience much better. That being said, the iPhone 6 Plus
requires both hands to operate. The bumps on my iPhone are proof that using it
with one hand one can be hazardous to your health. But the larger screen isn't
the reason I switched.

The second difference is the presence of Optical Image Stabilisation (OIS) on
the camera which helps prevent shaky videos and possibly blurry images. Having
used the regular iPhone 6 for about two months, I can definitely say that the
camera on the iPhone 6 Plus takes better pictures and videos. While OIS was a
strong reason in my consideration to switch to the iPhone 6 Plus, it wasn't the
primary reason.

What did make me switch was the horrendous battery life on the iPhone 6. During
the two months I was using the iPhone 6, more often than not, I'd end up with a
dead battery by 6PM. At first I thought I might have gotten a bad unit because I
remember my iPhone 5S lasting longer. But that was not the case. I replaced the
first unit and the second iPhone 6 was equally bad.

I need my phone to last me until the night.

Thus I switched to the iPhone 6 Plus and while the size and weight of the device
still feels uncomfortable, the battery easily lasts a day or more. Now with the
announcement of the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, I am tempted to go back to the
smaller iPhone. Why do you ask?

Well, I passed the iPhone 6 to my wife and with iOS updates, the battery life on
it has gotten considerably better. It usually lasts her until bedtime although
there is a day or two each fortnight when she needs to charge it in the middle
of the day. I could live with that.

Apple has also improved the camera in the new set of iPhones, moving to 12
Megapixels and a new sensor. My guess is that that iPhone 6S should take better
pictures- possibly as good as the current iPhone 6 Plus. Yes, the new iPhone 6S
Plus might take better pictures but I'll be sold as long as the 6S can produce
results comparable to the previous generation of Plus.

Finally, with 3D Touch, the new pair of iPhones is heavier than the previous
generation. The table below compares to the two models.

I'd much rather move to a lighter phone than a heavier one. My iPhone 6 Plus
already has a few bumps and I imagine a heavier device would be more accident
prone- at least in my hands. So now that I've decided which size to go for, the
next challenge is the colour. And no, Rose Gold is not for me.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/57/144222775224.jpg



LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                              May 23, 2014, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending May 23;
Apple iPhone 6 scuttlebutt: Innolux in luck, video selfies, more dummies, old
mold

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1445 words


A new iOSphere trend may have been launched this week, with a video selfie that,
by some magical logic, further confirmsthe expectation that iPhone 6 will have a
4.7-inch display.

Also this week: Taiwan's Innolux is apparently in luck having allegedly won a
contract to be one of three display suppliers for the iPhone 6 (and yes, it's
for the 4.7-inch screen, further confirming, etc.); yet another dummy is offered
for further confirmation; and digging still deeper, someone found an aluminum
mold, used by phone case manufacturers, that still yet more confirms that 4.7 is
the Magic Number.

You read it here second.

GottaBeMobile's Josh Smith is positive that the iPhone 6 rumors, specifically
those about its screen sizes, are "firming up."

But it's hard to see why.

According to his post, "The iPhone 6 screen sizes are firming up as a new report
claims Apple shut Samsung out of the new iPhone and Apple plans on three
companies to supply a 4.7-inch iPhone 6 display and we hear nothing about a
5.5-inch iPhone for 2014."

+ Also on Network World: Best/Worst Apple iPhone 6 concepts + This harkens back
to the already-cited rumor about Innolux. But, apparently, if we hear "nothing"
in the past week about a 5-5-inch iPhone, then that means it doesn't exist. Or
will not exist. Or will not exist in the same space-time continuum as the
4.7-inch iPhone.

And then, Smith gets to the best part. "These new iPhone 6 rumors come right as
a new video shows what iOS 7 looks like on a 4.7-inch display," he reveals. "A
new video, similar to our iPhone 6 screen sizes visualized video from January,
shows the current version of Apple's iPhone software running on a larger display
with calls, Flappy Bird and other iPhone apps on the screen."

That makes it sound as if GottaBeMobile uncovered some prototype, perhaps in a
beer hall, or had access to leaked video. But when you click on the link, you
see none other than Josh Smith himself with some dummy iPhones that have a
mock-up of the iOS 7 homescreen. A video selfie.

It's all rather surreal: associating the linkbait "iPhone 6" with a 4.7-inch
screen that's showing something the iPhone 6 itself will never run, namely iOS
7.

(The surreality was infectious: the same day, 9to5Mac posted its own
"simulation" - based on a Motorola Moto X phone with a 4.7-inch display - of
what a similar-sized iPhone 6 running iOS 7.1 would look like. As Dom Esposito,
with unconscious irony, wrote, "Regardless of how scientifically accurate this '
iPhone 6 simulator' is, it provides a closer look at exactly how iOS could be
represented when enlarged on a 4.7-inch display.") GottaBeMobile's Smith doesn't
shy away from drawing Big Conclusions from his phictional iPhone. "As WWDC
[Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference] 2014 approaches and rumors of iPhone 6
production become more frequent it continues to look like Apple will be ready to
sell a 4.7-inch iPhone 6 before a larger 5.5-inch model."

A garbled-in-translation Chinese language post at Taiwan's United Daily News
suggests to iOSpherians that Innolux will be one supplier for a 4.7-inch display
to grace the iPhone 6.

Here's the opening paragraph via Google Translate: "Innolux Embedded Touch (on
cell) screen pass for 4.7-inch version of Apple iPhone 6 certification through,
beyond Samsung and Sharp, have the opportunity to become the second wave of
iPhone 6 supply vendors for innovation in small groups size panel inject new
growth engine."

There's more: "Supply chain sources, iPhone 4.7-inch screen 6, the first wave of
suppliers, identified as LG Display (LGD) and Japan Display Corporation (JDI),
due to the 4.7 -inch version of stocking up $60 million to $80 million, the
demand is very large, therefore, also requires a second wave of Apple suppliers
send samples."

Fortunately, Mihai Matei, at GForGames, can decipher all this.  It's simple
really. "According to reports, Apple has partnered up with both LG Display (LGD)
as well as Japan Display Corporation (JDI) in order to manufacture the 4.7-inch
panels of the iPhone 6," he writes. "However, two manufacturers are not enough
for the anticipated high demand of the next iPhone, and the Cupertino giant was
searching for a third supplier. Judging by the latest reports, Apple may have
just found its third partner."

By now, we're holding our breath.

"Based on these latest reports however, Apple has decided to turn down Samsung
and Sharp, and has chosen to stick with Innolux instead," Matei writes. "As for
Innolux, the said company has a bit of a history behind it, as it's been one of
the world-leading TFT-LCD suppliers since it's been established back in 2003."
He seems to have taken his insights from the Wikipedia entry, which also
describes Innolux as "a world-leading TFT-LCD supplier."

Matei doesn't go into much more, or actually anymore, detail about Innolux.

Apple routinely has multiple sources for components. The fact that Innolux might
be one for displays doesn't reveal much.

The real issue is whether Apple plans new display innovation beyond the
long-rumored larger screen size and higher resolution for one or more 2014
iPhone introductions.

Somebody at a Romanian iPhone accessories website contacted another website,
GSMArena, claiming to have photos of a "dummy" iPhone 6, whatever that means,
and GSMArena took the bait and ran with it.

"This should finally settle the dispute about the size of the new Apple
flagship," according to the GSMArena post.

Just to be clear: GSMArena is declaring that a Romanian website that sells phone
accessories (and here it is via Google Translate) has conclusively proven, with
anonymous photos of a purported dummy iPhone, that the Next iPhone will have a
4.7-inch screen.

Apparently what really convinced GSMArena was the fact that the Romanians used a
digital sliding gauge to actually measure the dummy iPhone, as you can see here.
Precision is essential in pulling the wool over your own eyes. The dummy's
dimensions are 137.5 x 67 x 7mm or for the metrically challenged, 5.4 x 2.64 x
0.27 inches.

"The photos also give us the full tour of the iPhone 6 exterior, which features
the iPod touch like design now familiar from the torrent of leaks," according to
GSMArena. Why stop with "torrent?" What not the tsunami of leaks?

A leak is "an unintended hole, crack, or the like, through which liquid, gas,
light, etc., enters or escapes." The word is used as a metaphor for "a
disclosure of secret, especially official, information, as to the news media, by
an unnamed source."

A true leak in journalistic terms actually reveals a genuine secret. The "leak"
celebrated by GSMArena is nothing of the sort, since there is no way of knowing
if what's being disclosed is actually either the iPhone 6 or a mockup or dummy
of the iPhone 6.

The folks at TechnoBuffalo are already certain what the Next iPhone will look
like, because of all the leaks, and dummies, and mockups, and concept
illustrations floating around.

"But in case you needed even more confirmation, pictures of a supposed mold of
Apple's upcoming handset have hit the Web, further confirming the device's
rumored design," Brandon Russell assures his readers.  And here is the Even More
Confirmation photo, in all its gleaming if somewhat rough-hewn glory.  But in
case you needed even more help in understanding what you might or might not be
seeing, Russell spells it out. "It has more rounded edges, slimmer (and
separated) volume buttons, a sleep/wake button on the side, and speaker cutouts
similar to Apple's iPhone 5c, just as we've been hearing."

From whence cometh this revelatory photo? "The particular mold is reportedly
being used by case manufacturers ahead of the iPhone 6's release," Russell
writes. "It doesn't reveal anything that we don't already know, but it further
corroborates the many reports we've heard over the past few months."

Our favorite part of Russell's post: "Even though it's just a dummy unit, it
gives us a pretty solid idea of what to expect later this year."

Let's think about that. Russell is actually wrong saying it's a dummy unit. A
dummy is "a representation or copy of something, as for displaying to indicate
appearance." A mold is, most often, "a hollow form or matrix for giving a
particular shape to something in a molten or plastic state" or as in this case
"a frame on which something is formed or made." He apparently has no idea who
created the mold, or what information they used in doing so. And yet he's
positive that the photograph "gives us a pretty solid idea of what to expect."

In the iOSphere, form follows fantasy.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network
World.Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2014 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                           October 29, 2014 Wednesday

iPhone 6 models go on sale in Oman next month

BYLINE: Times News Service

LENGTH: 208 words


Muscat: Telecom majors in Oman are all set to offer the much-in-demand iPhone 6
and 6 Plus from Apple.


Omantel announced that it would offer iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, the biggest
advancements in iPhone history beginning from November 13. Customers may get
more information at www.omantel.om.

Ooredoo also announced that it would offer the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus from
November 13.
"Customers can pre-order the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus from Friday November 7
at www.ooredoo.om/iphone6," said a release.

Even though, iPhone's 6 series models are still not being sold by Apple's
authorised stores in Oman, they are available in local shops which have
purchased them from United Arab Emirates and other countries.
In local stores, the iPhone 6 16GB costs OMR325, 64GB will cost OMR410 and 128GB
will cost OMR430. The iPhone 6 Plus 16GB will cost OMR350 and 64GB will cost
OMR440.

Price range
In September, Apple's online store crashed under the weight of demand from eager
customers hoping to pre-order one of the new iPhone 6 models during its launch.

According to Apple's official website, the price of iPhone 6 16GB is $199, while
the iPhone 6 Plus 16GB will be $299 with a two-year contract for US customers.
Muscat Press and Publishing House SAOC 2014

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2014 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

iPhone 7 impact: Apple discontinues iPhone 5S, 6 and 6 Plus in India

LENGTH: 193  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 9 -- Zee Media Bureau
 US tech giant Apple Inc on Wednesday launched the much anticipated iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus during an exciting event at the Bill Graham auditorium in San
Francisco.


 With the new iPhones, Apple finally paid heed to the complaints of its
customers and did away with 16GB internal memory variant - which means that the
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus variants come with a minimum 32GB internal memory.
 However, the launch of the new iPhones has affected three other iPhones of
Apple - the iPhone 5S, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.
 These three iPhones have been removed from the company's website in India
suggesting that they have been 'discontinued'.
 This comes as bad news for customers who look towards buying older iPhones as
prices fall after the launch of new phones.
 Usually, Apple cuts the prices of its iPhones once new ones are launched in the
market.
 But having said that, the iPhone 5S, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus could still be
available in the market with third-party.
 And finally, this leaves Indian customers with just three series of iPhones to
choose from - iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, iPhone 6S and 6S Plu and iPhone SE.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

Apple's new iPhone 6 goes on sale

LENGTH: 393  words


Local resident Andreas Gibson celebrates with employees outside the Fifth Avenue
Apple store after being the first to exit with an iPhone 6 in hand on the first
day of sales in Manhattan, New York September 19, 2014. Apple Inc's latest phone
lured throngs of gadget lovers, entrepreneurs and early adapters to its stores
in New York, San Francisco and other cities around the world in the latest sign
of strong initial demand for the new, larger generation of iPhones.
[Photo/Agencies]

A woman (L) walks past as customers wait in line to buy the newly released
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, on the first day of sales outside the Apple store at
Grand Central Terminal in New York September 19, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

An employee counts money while selling new iPhone 6 phones at the Fifth Avenue
Apple store on the first day of sales in Manhattan, New York September 19, 2014.
Apple Inc's latest phone lured throngs of gadget lovers, entrepreneurs and early
adapters to its stores in New York, San Francisco and other cities around the
world in the latest sign of strong initial demand for the new, larger generation
of iPhones. [Photo/Agencies]

A customer celebrates with employees as she enters the Fifth Avenue Apple store
on the first day of iPhone 6 sales in Manhattan, New York September 19, 2014.
Apple Inc's latest phone lured throngs of gadget lovers, entrepreneurs and early
adapters to its stores in New York, San Francisco and other cities around the
world in the latest sign of strong initial demand for the new, larger generation
of iPhones. [Photo/Agencies]

Michele Mattana of Sardinia, Italy, poses with an iPhone 6 Plus and an iPhone 6
on the first day of sales at the Fifth Avenue store in Manhattan, New York
September 19, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

People queue to buy iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus outside the Apple store on the
Fifth Avenue in New York, the United States, Sept 19, 2014, the first day of
sales of Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. [Photo/Xinhua]

People line up to purchase the new iPhone 6 smartphones in front of an Apple
store in Los Angeles, California, the United States, on Sept 19, 2014. Apple's
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus went on sale on Friday in the country. [Photo/Xinhua]

Apple unveils the Watch, larger iPhones at star-studded event

Apple iPhone 6 wins two regulatory approvals in China

Top 10 game-changing Apple innovations

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                            December 5, 2014 Friday

Dialog presents iPhone 6 Plus and 6 in Sri Lanka

LENGTH: 330 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Dec. 5 -- Sri Lanka's only authorised partner network for Apple
iPhone, Dialog Axiata, launched the iPhone 6 Plus and the iPhone 6 in Sri Lanka,
dialing a new chapter in the country's premier mobile device offering.

The iPhone 6 Plus and the iPhone 6 operates on 4G and users can avail of Sri
Lanka's widest 4G LTE network with Dialog to stay connected on the go. Dialog
also presents the best after sales service with warranty and expert support for
Apple iPhones in Sri Lanka, offering the best complete solution in the country.

Dialog offered the new iPhones for pre-order last week, and received an
overwhelming response with close to 500 orders for both models.

"As the country's only authorized partner network for Apple iPhone, Dialog is
privileged to present the iPhone 6 to Sri Lanka, as we transcend the mobile
device experience with unparalleled best-in-class service. We are committed to
add value to our customers, to surpass their connectivity experience and the
partnership with Apple and the presentation of the official iPhone 6 for the
first time in Sri Lanka is a testimony to this vision," said Lasantha
Thevarapperuma, Head of Business, Mobile Telecommunications of Dialog Axiata
PLC.

Customers can experience the Apple iPhone 6 Plus and 6 live demos at selected
Dialog outlets, and enjoy connectivity to Sri Lanka's fastest 4G LTE network.

The iPhone 6 is available in 16 and 64 GB models whilst the iPhone 6Plus comes
with 16 GB. The models are available in Gold, Silver and Space Gray.

The Apple iPhone 6 features a larger 4.7 inch Retina HD display, whilst the 6
Plus offers 5.5 inches. The '6' is also the slimmest iPhone so far at a
staggering 6.9 millimeters.

Both models are built on 64-bit desktop-class architecture and increased battery
life.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily News Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday
                                 Early Edition

iPhone 6 sales start Friday; Available at SaskTel, Big Three

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 364 words


The long-awaited, muchhyped iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones will be going
on sale in Saskatchewan beginning Friday. The iPhone 6, which was launched with
much fanfare last Tuesday in Cupertino, Calif., will be available at SaskTel
retail store locations and select SaskTel Authorized Apple iPhone dealers, the
Crown telecommunications company announced Monday.

Telus, Bell and Rogers customers in Saskatchewan will also be able to buy the
new iPhone 6 on Friday, according to spokespersons for the three wireless
companies.

"We always experience high demand for Apple devices and we are confident SaskTel
customers will enjoy using the remarkable new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus on
SaskTel's leading network," Ron Styles, Sask-Tel president and CEO, said in a
media release.

SaskTel will allowiPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus customers to connect to its 4G
(fourth generation) LTE (long-term evolution) network.

Prices for the iPhone 6 will be starting at $265 for the 16 gigabyte (GB) model
and iPhone 6 Plus will be available starting at $375 for the 16GB model based on
a 24-month contract.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are said to be "the biggest advancements in
iPhone history," featuring two new models with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch Retina HD
displays, and packed with innovative technologies, such as iSight and FaceTime
HD cameras and iOS 8, Apple's latest mobile operating system, which has a health
application that allows users to monitor their health and fitness levels
instantly.

A spokeswoman for SaskTel said Apple is allowing SaskTel to offer the iPhone 6
at the same time as competitors like Rogers and Telus.

"It's exciting for us to be able to offer it to our customers at the same time
as the other competitors in the market," said Michelle Englot, director of
external communications at SaskTel.

"Apple is very particular about who provides their phones and (other) devices,
so we're happy that we've proven ourselves and get the same consideration as
anyone else."

While the Big Three competitors (Telus, Bell and Rogers) will be offering the
iPhone 6 on Friday, Englot added that none of them has the same "footprint" in
terms of coverage in Saskatchewan that SaskTel has.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, The Associated Press; Phil Schiller, Apple's
senior vice-president of worldwide product marketing, discusses the new iPhone
6, centre, and iPhone 6 Plus, right, Sept. 9 in Cupertino, Calif. The much-hyped
phones will be available in Saskatchewan starting Friday.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Leader-Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                           September 27, 2013, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending Sept. 27;
What the next iPhone needs, what is has, what it looks like

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1252 words


The iOSphere this week was filled with iPhone 6 demands, revelations,
assertions, and advice, most of it aimed at Apple. The company was assured,
earnestly and solemnly what iPhone 6 "needs" to avoid being accused of the
Innovation Deficit and facing Certain Doom. In other cases, bloggers confidently
exposed all the specific features that Apple has, obviously, already included in
the Next iPhone. Apparently, all we're waiting for is Apple's marketing guru,
Phil Schiller, to confirm them a year from now.

Also this week: iPhone 6 fan art spoils the joy of new iPhone 5S buyers; and you
won't have to wait 12 months because iPhone 6 will be announced in Q1 2014.

You read it here second.

The Rollup loves posts with headlines like "What Apple needs to offer with the
iPhone 6," which sums up Lance Whitney's recent post at CNET.

We can only hope, and pray, that Tim Cook, Jonathan Ive, and the rest of the
innovation-challenged employees at Apple Headquarters have an RSS feed to
Whitney's blog.

The quick summary of what Whitney knows is needed: bigger screen, 802.11ac
Wi-Fi, NFC (near field communications), higher pixel camera, 128GB storage
option, and better battery life.

If these sound familiar that's because most of them have been on lots of "What
Apple Needs to Do" lists for the past three years, at least.

For each needed feature, Whitney's rationale is so broad as to cover every
possible contingency. Thus, the "bigger screen" needs to be bigger than the
4-inch diagonal screen for iPhone 5S and 5C but not, like, too big. "Apple
should avoid the huge 'phablet' size favored by some companies but still outfit
the iPhone 6 with at least a 4.5-inch display," Whitney says. At what point does
a smartphone screen become "huge?"

Whitney is among the many who still seem convinced that Apple is just waiting
for the right moment -- the moment of "true consumer adoption," according to
Whitney -- to jam in a NFC chip and the massive antenna it requires so we can
wave our iPhones around and buy stuff. The Rollup is skeptical: Apple's interest
seems to lie in crafting a highly functional, secure, and easy to use online
transactional experience along with exploiting Bluetooth and Wi-Fi, both of
which are already far more widely deployed than NFC.

Finally, it's entirely likely Apple will continue to improve its smartphone
camera, but doing so in more dimensions than simply increasing the number of
megapixels. "But with consumers craving beefier smartphone cameras, next year
may be time for Apple to boost the megapixel count to lure in more of those
potential Lumia buyers," Whitney says.

Right. Because so many people are flocking to those high-megapixel cameras on
Nokia's Windows Phone smartphone line. For example, in its second quarter
earlier this year, Nokia reported it sold 7.4 million Lumia smartphones. Or,
about 1.6 million fewer units than Apple sold in just the opening three-day
weekend of sales for iPhone 5C and 5S.

Some people have the Next iPhone all figured out. People like Trevor Sheridan at
a site called AppleNApps, where his post deduces all kinds of things.

For example, "It appears Apple has transitioned their yearly iPhone update cycle
to September, so that means we should be seeing an all new iPhone in September
2014." See how easy that was?

"Next year will be time for an all new design, as the iPhone 5S maintained the
external design of the iPhone 5...," he continues.

"That means Apple's major focus for the iPhone 6 will be the look and feel, and
Apple probably already has a number of design mock-ups."

Sheridan is certain Apple will increase the iPhone 6 screen resolution to 1920 x
1080 pixels, in a 4.7-inch diagonal screen, resulting in a 468 pixels per inch
density, with an edge-to-edge display, and all of this resulting in an increase
in the phone's overall width of precisely 0.2 inches.

If the new iPhone 5C proves popular, he says, "Apple could use similar colorful
polycarbonate real shells that are reinforced with a steel frame for the iPhone
6." Or, it could save those shells for iPhone 6C, about which Sheridan seems to
have doubts.

Apple has made it clear that iPhone 5C simply takes over the lower-priced place
that would have been occupied by a discounted iPhone 5.

"Of course, there will be a new A8 64-bit chip building upon the super powerful
just released 64-bit A7 chip," Sheridan reveals.

Of course. Because, um, that's Apple's historical pattern with iPhone
processors.

And like CNET's Whitney, he knows Apple will have a better camera.

You're probably better off not buying a new iPhone now and waiting a year.

Over at IntoMobile, Blake Stimac is just thrilled by a new spate of fan art for
iPhone 6, and one in particular.

"IPhone concept designs are some of the most intriguing we've seen, and this one
is no exception," he writes, in a post with the headline "iPhone 6 Concept Will
Make You Regret Your 5S Purchase".  "The ultra thin design showcases a large,
edge to edge display with the home button embedded right onto the screen," he
says, admiringly. "We're more than aware that Apple is likely testing out a
larger display on upcoming iPhones, and for now, it's concept designs like this
that will be the best we'll get until (possibly) next year. While we certainly
don't doubt Apple's design prowess, more often than not concept designs look
better than the real deal."

So the fan art is so good that you'll rue your new iPhone purchase, or postpone
it until the iPhone 6 comes out, when you'll be disappointed again because it
won't be as good as the fan art. Or something.

One of the well-known rumor techniques is reusing older rumors, because even
with Google search the iOSphere attention span is like a lightning flash.

In a post at a site called TekRieg, which seems to focus mainly on clickbait,
Anna Mathews confides that "There are rumours going around that Apple may launch
the iPhone 6 during Q1 of next year says IBT [International Business Times]."

And IBT did in fact say that...over six weeks ago in an Aug. 13 post, by Eric
Pineda, who simply blends information taken from at least three other sources,
which he generously and misleadingly calls "reports."

"However, the reports seem to confirm that the iPhone 6 will not be part of the
2013 product surprises that Apple CEO Tim Cook had implied in previous
statements," Pineda wrote then. "Should that device become a reality, the
earliest it will come is during the first months of 2014."

But nowhere does he give a source for the first quarter 2014 release of the
iPhone 6.

And this week, IBT said it again, in a post by Kristin Dian Mariano, "3 Reasons
Why iPhone 6 Release Date is on March 2014" who also doesn't bother to give any
sources or evidence for her assertions.

Here's one of them: "It is speculated that iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C were released
by Apple because it has not completed the features it will include in the
full-fledged smartphone [i.e., the iPhone 6]." The implication is that Apple is
rushing to bring this delayed product to market ASAP, meaning early in 2014.

That qualifies for the "Most Preposterous iPhone 6 Rumor of the Week"
competition. Complex products like smartphones are designed over a period of
years. Mariano's suggestion that Apple's original plan to announce iPhone 6 in
fall 2013 was derailed unexpectedly and that therefore the company created not
one but two new phones in its place is a fairytale.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network
World.Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                      October 17, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6, 6 Plus launched, India witnesses midnight rush for new handsets

LENGTH: 231  words


Apple Iphone 6 and Iphone 6 Plus started selling in stores in India officially
last night at 12.00 pm. Apple lovers started queuing up in front of Apple stores
before the launch time to grab a piece of the new handset.

The iZenica store in GK opened through the night to cater to the Apple fanboys
who were waiting for the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. It also made seating and
refreshments arrangement for those waiting.

According to a report in the Economic Times, Apple has imported some 55,000
units of new iPhones in the first phase to ensure there is adequate supplies for
new handset.

In India the handset iPhone 6 and 6 Plus comes in three storage variants of
16GB, 64GB and 128GB. These have  been priced at -

iPhone 6 16GB - INR 53,500

iPhone 6 64GB - INR 62,500

iPhone 6 128GB - INR 71,500

iPhone 6 Plus 16GB -  INR 62,500

iPhone 6 Plus 64GB - INR 71,500

iPhone 6 Plus 128GB - INR 80,500

Apple iPhone 6 is a A8 chip with a 64-bit processor based phone that comes with
a 4.7 inch display screen and a display resolution of 1334 x 750 pixels. The
handset runs the latest iOS 8 operating system and has 8 megapixel iSight
camera on board with a 1.2 megapixel camera on the front side.

Alongside iPhone launch in India, Apple also globally launched the new
generation iPad Air 2, iPad Mini 3, 27-inch iMac and OS X Yosemite as a free
update to Apple devices. Read all about these new devices here.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

New iPhones spark record-breaking 4 million pre-orders

BYLINE: By Julia Love jmlove@mercurynews.com

SECTION: NEWS; Business

LENGTH: 424 words


CUPERTINO -- More than 4 million pre-orders for the new iPhones were placed on
the first day, shattering sales records for Apple and prolonging wait times for
its enthusiastic fan base.

In a statement issued Monday, Apple detailed the debut of the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus, which went up for advanced sale online in the wee hours of Friday
morning. Although some customers will receive their devices this Friday, Apple
acknowledged that many will have to wait until October for the coveted packages
to arrive. In the meantime, the new phones, which feature larger screens, will
hit the shelves of local retail stores Friday morning.

"iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are better in every way, and we are thrilled
customers love them as much as we do," Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a statement.
"Pre-orders for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus set a new record for Apple, and we
can't wait to get our best iPhones yet into the hands of customers starting this
Friday."

Apple received 2 million pre-orders for the iPhone 5, the last model for which
it disclosed statistics on advance sales. The next yardstick for the new
iPhones' success will come opening weekend. Apple sold 9 million gadgets last
year during the first weekend of sales for the iPhone 5S and 5C.

Apple unveiled the iPhone 6, which measures 4.7 inches diagonally, and the
5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus last Tuesday at a star-studded event at the Flint Center
for the Performing Arts in Cupertino, along with a long-awaited smartwatch. An
Apple spokeswoman declined to breakdown the early sales figures between the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. The iPhone 6 Plus appeared to sell out first on
carriers' websites, but that may be because supplies of the larger device are
more limited, said Ken Dulaney, an analyst at research firm Gartner.

Analysts predicted that consumers would flood stores when Apple finally matched
its peers with larger screens. Although the sales records make for good press,
consumers are easily frustrated by long waits, Dulaney said.

"That seems like a little bit of poor planning," he said. "When you announce the
device, you want to ship it."

Consumers have shown a willingness not only to wait for the new iPhones, but to
fork over more money for them. The iPhone 6 costs $199 with a two-year contract,
but the iPhone 6 Plus starts at $299 -- $100 more than the flagship device
fetched last year. It's favorable math for the Cupertino-based company, Dulaney
noted.

"These are good times for Apple," he said.

Contact Julia Love at 408-920-5536;follow her at Twitter.com/byJuliaLove .

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             The Malta Independent

                                October 17, 2014

Vodafone announces launch of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus

LENGTH: 341  words


One of the most hotly anticipated launches of the year - that of Apple's iPhone
6 and iPhone 6 Plus - is just around the corner. Vodafone today announced that
it will be offering both these products in store from Friday 24 October.

The iPhone 6 is the new version of iPhone that Apple is describing as being not
only bigger but "simply better in any way" than anything that has come before.
According to Apple, the iPhone 6 represents the perfect fusion of design and
function with "one continuous form where hardware and software function in
perfect unison, creating a new generation of iPhone that's better by any
measure."

Given the iconic status of the iPhone it is not surprising that interest has
been very strong in Malta, with Apple fans waiting eagerly to get their hands on
the iPhone 6 as soon as possible.

"Interest was evident quite a while back when the iPhone 6 was launched in other
countries, with Vodafone customers asking about its availability in our retail
outlets and call centre for the past weeks," said Luan Vella, Terminals Senior
Executive from Vodafone Malta. "As Vodafone Malta we are proud to be the only
Apple authorized reseller of iPhones offering a 2 year warranty on the phones in
Malta. This helps us provide our customers the latest technology accompanied by
the best service and offers on the Maltese Islands." He added that "With our
high speed and reliable network and our great value plans, Vodafone customers
can be assured of a great experience at great value."

Apple's iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus  are being launched for all Vodafone
customers in three different colours: grey, gold and silver

Vodafone customers can beat the queue by pre-registering their iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus from Friday 17 October at www.vodafone.com .mt. For more
information, visit one of Vodafone's retail outlets across Malta and Gozo, call
247 from a Vodafone line or 9999 9247 from any other line, or visit or log onto
Vodafone Malta's Facebook Page. For more information on the iPhone 6, please
visit: www.apple.com /iphone.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1594


                    Copyright 2014 Standard Publications Ltd
               Provided by Syndigate Media Inc. (Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

iPhone 6 and 6 Plus launched in China

LENGTH: 583  words


Apple's new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones finally arrived on the
Chinese mainland, the world's biggest smartphone market, on October 17.

Apple's new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones finally arrived on the
Chinese mainland, the world's biggest smartphone market, on October 17.

The iPhone 6 is available in gold, silver and grey with a suggested retail price
of 5,288 yuan ($860.16) for the cheapest model with 16GB of storage. The iPhone
6 Plus, in the same colors, costs 6,088 yuan for the cheapest model, also with
16GB of storage. The most expensive iPhone 6 Plus with 128GB storage is priced
at 7,788 yuan.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were released on Sept 19 in the United States and
elsewhere. Apple sold a record 10 million iPhone 6 handsets in the first weekend
after their launch, which excluded the Chinese mainland. Apple said its new
iPhones will be available in more than 115 countries by the end of the year.

Apple employees prepare for sale of newly released iPhone 6 and 6 Plus at the
Apple store in Beijing, October 16, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

Chinese buyers line up outside a branch of China Telecom to buy Apple iPhone 6
and 6 Plus smartphones in Shanghai, October 16, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

Chinese buyers play mah-jong as they queue up overnight outside a branch of
China Unicom to buy iPhone 6 and 6 Plus smartphones in Shanghai, October 16,
2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

People wait for the release of Apple's new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus outside a branch
of China Telecom in Shanghai, October 16, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

Employees wait for customers to buy the newly released iPhone 6 and 6 Plus at a
branch of China Telecom in Shanghai, October 16, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

Man shows his iPhone 6 pre-order confirmation in Hangzhou, East China's Jiangsu
province, October 17, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

iPhone 6 and 6 Plus smartphones are displayed at a branch of China Telecom in
Shanghai, October 17, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

Chinese buyer shows his Apple iPhone 6 Plus smartphone at a branch of China
Telecom in Shanghai, October 17, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

Man holds up his iPhone 6 Plus after he became the first customer to purchase it
at a branch of China Unicom in Shanghai, October 17, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

Chinese buyer shows iPhone 6 and 6 Plus smartphones at a branch of China Unicom
in Shanghai, October 17, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                                October 17, 2014

iPhone 6 and 6 Plus launched in China

LENGTH: 583  words


Apple's new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones finally arrived on the
Chinese mainland, the world's biggest smartphone market, on October 17.

Apple's new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones finally arrived on the
Chinese mainland, the world's biggest smartphone market, on October 17.

The iPhone 6 is available in gold, silver and grey with a suggested retail price
of 5,288 yuan ($860.16) for the cheapest model with 16GB of storage. The iPhone
6 Plus, in the same colors, costs 6,088 yuan for the cheapest model, also with
16GB of storage. The most expensive iPhone 6 Plus with 128GB storage is priced
at 7,788 yuan.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were released on Sept 19 in the United States and
elsewhere. Apple sold a record 10 million iPhone 6 handsets in the first weekend
after their launch, which excluded the Chinese mainland. Apple said its new
iPhones will be available in more than 115 countries by the end of the year.

Apple employees prepare for sale of newly released iPhone 6 and 6 Plus at the
Apple store in Beijing, October 16, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

Chinese buyers line up outside a branch of China Telecom to buy Apple iPhone 6
and 6 Plus smartphones in Shanghai, October 16, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

Chinese buyers play mah-jong as they queue up overnight outside a branch of
China Unicom to buy iPhone 6 and 6 Plus smartphones in Shanghai, October 16,
2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

People wait for the release of Apple's new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus outside a branch
of China Telecom in Shanghai, October 16, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

Employees wait for customers to buy the newly released iPhone 6 and 6 Plus at a
branch of China Telecom in Shanghai, October 16, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

Man shows his iPhone 6 pre-order confirmation in Hangzhou, East China's Jiangsu
province, October 17, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

iPhone 6 and 6 Plus smartphones are displayed at a branch of China Telecom in
Shanghai, October 17, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

Chinese buyer shows his Apple iPhone 6 Plus smartphone at a branch of China
Telecom in Shanghai, October 17, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

Man holds up his iPhone 6 Plus after he became the first customer to purchase it
at a branch of China Unicom in Shanghai, October 17, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

Chinese buyer shows iPhone 6 and 6 Plus smartphones at a branch of China Unicom
in Shanghai, October 17, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 26, 2014 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Apple Responds to Complaints of Bending in iPhone 6 Plus

BYLINE: By MIKE ISAAC

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; BITS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 497 words


Updated, 8:59 p.m. |

Social media channels have overflowed this week with commentary on whether
Apple's new iPhone 6 Plus bends under pressure, particularly in a pants pocket.

Turns out actual complaints to the company, at least so far, are much less
prevalent.

''With normal use a bend in iPhone is extremely rare and through our first six
days of sale, a total of nine customers have contacted Apple with a bent iPhone
6 Plus,'' Trudy Muller, an Apple spokeswoman, said in a statement. ''IPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus meet or exceed all of our high quality standards to endure
everyday, real life use.''

The statement comes after some early adopters complained that the new iPhone 6
Plus, which is significantly larger than previous generations of the iPhone, was
permanently bending from simply being carried in a pocket for long periods of
time.

After one new iPhone 6 Plus owner on Tuesday complained that his phone warped
after sitting in his front pants pocket during a long drive, the story was
quickly picked up by technology blogs and news outlets.

Lewis Hilsenteger, who runs Unbox Therapy, a YouTube channel dedicated to
showcasing the latest tech hardware, filmed himself straining to bend an iPhone
6 Plus with his bare hands. The video has been viewed more than 25 million times
in less than two days.

Apple performs ''rigorous tests throughout the entire development cycle
including three-point bending, pressure-point cycling, sit, torsion and user
studies,'' according to Ms. Muller. ''IPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus meet or exceed
all of our high quality standards to endure everyday, real life use.''

As Apple has grown bigger and more successful, it has also become a bigger
target for criticism. The company says it sold more than 10 million iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus smartphones over the first three days of release, a new record for
the company.

Some of the attention is self-inflicted, however. In 2010, early buyers of the
iPhone 4 reported problems with the device's cellular antenna, which caused
dropped calls due to the design of the phone. An Apple executive responsible for
the project left the company over the incident.

And this week, Apple released a software update to the iPhone that was supposed
to fix some early bugs in an updated version of its mobile operating system, iOS
8. The update made some users' phones unable to make or receive calls, and also
rendered the touch identification technology software useless, according to
reports.

Apple quickly withdrew the software update about an hour after it was released
on Wednesday.

On Thursday evening, Apple issued another update to its operating system, along
with a mea culpa: ''We apologize for inconveniencing the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus users who were impacted by the bug,'' the company said in a statement.
Fewer than 40,000 iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus users were affected by the previous
faulty update, according to Apple.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL:
http://bits.blogs.nytimes.com/2014/09/25/apple-responds-to-complaints-of-bent-
iphones/

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              62 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                           September 28, 2015 Monday
                                  EAST EDITION

Retail Lines Light For Apple's iPhone 6S Better Camera Biggest Draw Analysts
still expect sales over the weekend to top iPhone 6's record last year

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: A; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 716 words


Lines outside Apple stores were considerably shorter for this year's iPhone
launch compared with those from the last few years.

The line at the Apple store in Reston, Va., had about 75 people less than 30
minutes before opening Friday. That's about a quarter of the size of the line a
year ago for the iPhone 6 launch.

Dakota Wolf, visiting from Phoenix, was near the front of the line for the
iPhone 6 S retail launch Friday. He summed up the lack of enthusiasm among
customers.

"It's not that big of a change," he said of the iPhone 6 S. "I don't know why
I'm here frankly."

The iPhone 6 S series phones feature a pressure-sensitive display, a faster
processor, improved cameras and the Live Photos feature that adds motion to
still pictures. The phones come in four colors (silver, gold, space gray and
rose gold) and three data-storage configurations (16 gigabytes, 64 GB and 128
GB).

The improved cameras and 3 D Touch display are the biggest selling points of the
iPhone 6 S and iPhone 6 S Plus, according to a survey of 38 buyers in the Reston
line.

Of those polled, 37% said the better cameras were the most-desired feature of
the iPhone 6 S series.

The iPhone 6 S has a 12-megapixel rear camera, vs. 8 megapixels on last year's
model. It shoots 4 K ultra-high-definition video for the first time. The phone
has a 5-megapixel FaceTime camera that uses the Retina Display as a flash for
taking better selfies. Last year's iPhones had a 1.2 megapixel FaceTime camera.

The 3 D Touch display ranked No. 2, with 29% saying it was their top reason for
buying the iPhone 6 S.

"It will bring a whole new level to how you interact with the phone," Henrique
Cunha of Campinas, Brazil, told IBD. "I think that will be better explored with
new apps."

The No. 3 feature is the new rose gold finish, with 21% saying it was their main
reason for buying the new handset.

Other selling points cited included the speedier A9 processor and greater
durability with the 7000 series aluminum case.

Of those polled at the Reston store, most (87%) planned to buy the 5.5-inch
iPhone 6 S Plus, and the minority planned to get the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 S.

Customers grumbled about the lack of choices in flash memory data storage. Most
(71%) planned to get a midrange phone with 64 gigabytes of storage. Some 26%
planned to get top-of-the-line models with 128 GB of storage. Just 3% were
interested in the low-end model with 16 GB of memory.

Many iPhone buyers interviewed wondered why Apple didn't bump the low-end model
to 32 GB.

S&P Capital IQ analyst Angelo Zino said he expects Apple to sell 12 million
iPhones during the first weekend of retail availability. That's up from last
year's record first-weekend sales of 10 million.

Zino rates Apple stock a strong buy.

The iPhone 6 S series phones launched in 12 countries vs. 10 for the iPhone 6.
The additional two countries are China and New Zealand. Apple and its partners
started taking pre-orders for the new handsets on Sept. 12.

The iPhone 6 S launch at Apple's flagship New York City store on 5 th Avenue
drew about 650 people in line at 8 a.m., compared with last year's record 1,880
for the iPhone 6 launch, Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster said in a research
report Friday. Two years ago, the iPhone 5 S launch drew 1,417 to the New York
City store at open.

"We view the shorter line as generally in line with our expectations, for three
reasons," Munster said. "First, China was added as a launch country for the
first time, reducing iPhone resellers in line. Second, "S' cycles have
historically had shorter lines than their respective number-change cycles.
Third, Apple continues to promote pre-orders/online sales."

Munster is forecasting opening weekend iPhone sales of 12 million to 13 million
units this year.

He rates Apple stock as overweight, with a price target of 172. Apple closed
Friday at 114.71, down a fraction.

The new 6 S handsets face difficult sales comparisons to the iPhone 6 launch,
which unleashed a pent-up demand for larger-screen iPhones.

"It is understandable why investors are concerned about growth into the tough
comps, but we continue to believe that 3% growth during the iPhone 6 S cycle is
achievable compared to the Street's flat projection," Munster said.

FBR analyst Daniel Ives said initial demand for the iPhone 6 S appears "very
strong."

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                           September 28, 2015 Monday
                                  WEST EDITION

Retail Lines Light For Apple's iPhone 6S Better Camera Biggest Draw Analysts
still expect sales over the weekend to top iPhone 6's record last year

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: A; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 716 words


Lines outside Apple stores were considerably shorter for this year's iPhone
launch compared with those from the last few years.

The line at the Apple store in Reston, Va., had about 75 people less than 30
minutes before opening Friday. That's about a quarter of the size of the line a
year ago for the iPhone 6 launch.

Dakota Wolf, visiting from Phoenix, was near the front of the line for the
iPhone 6 S retail launch Friday. He summed up the lack of enthusiasm among
customers.

"It's not that big of a change," he said of the iPhone 6 S. "I don't know why
I'm here frankly."

The iPhone 6 S series phones feature a pressure-sensitive display, a faster
processor, improved cameras and the Live Photos feature that adds motion to
still pictures. The phones come in four colors (silver, gold, space gray and
rose gold) and three data-storage configurations (16 gigabytes, 64 GB and 128
GB).

The improved cameras and 3 D Touch display are the biggest selling points of the
iPhone 6 S and iPhone 6 S Plus, according to a survey of 38 buyers in the Reston
line.

Of those polled, 37% said the better cameras were the most-desired feature of
the iPhone 6 S series.

The iPhone 6 S has a 12-megapixel rear camera, vs. 8 megapixels on last year's
model. It shoots 4 K ultra-high-definition video for the first time. The phone
has a 5-megapixel FaceTime camera that uses the Retina Display as a flash for
taking better selfies. Last year's iPhones had a 1.2 megapixel FaceTime camera.

The 3 D Touch display ranked No. 2, with 29% saying it was their top reason for
buying the iPhone 6 S.

"It will bring a whole new level to how you interact with the phone," Henrique
Cunha of Campinas, Brazil, told IBD. "I think that will be better explored with
new apps."

The No. 3 feature is the new rose gold finish, with 21% saying it was their main
reason for buying the new handset.

Other selling points cited included the speedier A9 processor and greater
durability with the 7000 series aluminum case.

Of those polled at the Reston store, most (87%) planned to buy the 5.5-inch
iPhone 6 S Plus, and the minority planned to get the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 S.

Customers grumbled about the lack of choices in flash memory data storage. Most
(71%) planned to get a midrange phone with 64 gigabytes of storage. Some 26%
planned to get top-of-the-line models with 128 GB of storage. Just 3% were
interested in the low-end model with 16 GB of memory.

Many iPhone buyers interviewed wondered why Apple didn't bump the low-end model
to 32 GB.

S&P Capital IQ analyst Angelo Zino said he expects Apple to sell 12 million
iPhones during the first weekend of retail availability. That's up from last
year's record first-weekend sales of 10 million.

Zino rates Apple stock a strong buy.

The iPhone 6 S series phones launched in 12 countries vs. 10 for the iPhone 6.
The additional two countries are China and New Zealand. Apple and its partners
started taking pre-orders for the new handsets on Sept. 12.

The iPhone 6 S launch at Apple's flagship New York City store on 5 th Avenue
drew about 650 people in line at 8 a.m., compared with last year's record 1,880
for the iPhone 6 launch, Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster said in a research
report Friday. Two years ago, the iPhone 5 S launch drew 1,417 to the New York
City store at open.

"We view the shorter line as generally in line with our expectations, for three
reasons," Munster said. "First, China was added as a launch country for the
first time, reducing iPhone resellers in line. Second, "S' cycles have
historically had shorter lines than their respective number-change cycles.
Third, Apple continues to promote pre-orders/online sales."

Munster is forecasting opening weekend iPhone sales of 12 million to 13 million
units this year.

He rates Apple stock as overweight, with a price target of 172. Apple closed
Friday at 114.71, down a fraction.

The new 6 S handsets face difficult sales comparisons to the iPhone 6 launch,
which unleashed a pent-up demand for larger-screen iPhones.

"It is understandable why investors are concerned about growth into the tough
comps, but we continue to believe that 3% growth during the iPhone 6 S cycle is
achievable compared to the Street's flat projection," Munster said.

FBR analyst Daniel Ives said initial demand for the iPhone 6 S appears "very
strong."

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                           September 28, 2015 Monday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Retail Lines Light For Apple's iPhone 6S; Better Camera Biggest Draw; Analysts
still expect sales over the weekend to top iPhone 6's record last year

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: INTERNET & TECHNOLOGY; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 716 words


Lines outside Apple stores were considerably shorter for this year's iPhone
launch compared with those from the last few years.

The line at the Apple store in Reston, Va., had about 75 people less than 30
minutes before opening Friday. That's about a quarter of the size of the line a
year ago for the iPhone 6 launch.

Dakota Wolf, visiting from Phoenix, was near the front of the line for the
iPhone 6 S retail launch Friday. He summed up the lack of enthusiasm among
customers.

"It's not that big of a change," he said of the iPhone 6 S. "I don't know why
I'm here frankly."

The iPhone 6 S series phones feature a pressure-sensitive display, a faster
processor, improved cameras and the Live Photos feature that adds motion to
still pictures. The phones come in four colors (silver, gold, space gray and
rose gold) and three data-storage configurations (16 gigabytes, 64 GB and 128
GB).

The improved cameras and 3 D Touch display are the biggest selling points of the
iPhone 6 S and iPhone 6 S Plus, according to a survey of 38 buyers in the Reston
line.

Of those polled, 37% said the better cameras were the most-desired feature of
the iPhone 6 S series.

The iPhone 6 S has a 12-megapixel rear camera, vs. 8 megapixels on last year's
model. It shoots 4 K ultra-high-definition video for the first time. The phone
has a 5-megapixel FaceTime camera that uses the Retina Display as a flash for
taking better selfies. Last year's iPhones had a 1.2 megapixel FaceTime camera.

The 3 D Touch display ranked No. 2, with 29% saying it was their top reason for
buying the iPhone 6 S.

"It will bring a whole new level to how you interact with the phone," Henrique
Cunha of Campinas, Brazil, told IBD. "I think that will be better explored with
new apps."

The No. 3 feature is the new rose gold finish, with 21% saying it was their main
reason for buying the new handset.

Other selling points cited included the speedier A9 processor and greater
durability with the 7000 series aluminum case.

Of those polled at the Reston store, most (87%) planned to buy the 5.5-inch
iPhone 6 S Plus, and the minority planned to get the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 S.

Customers grumbled about the lack of choices in flash memory data storage. Most
(71%) planned to get a midrange phone with 64 gigabytes of storage. Some 26%
planned to get top-of-the-line models with 128 GB of storage. Just 3% were
interested in the low-end model with 16 GB of memory.

Many iPhone buyers interviewed wondered why Apple didn't bump the low-end model
to 32 GB.

S&P Capital IQ analyst Angelo Zino said he expects Apple to sell 12 million
iPhones during the first weekend of retail availability. That's up from last
year's record first-weekend sales of 10 million.

Zino rates Apple stock a strong buy.

The iPhone 6 S series phones launched in 12 countries vs. 10 for the iPhone 6.
The additional two countries are China and New Zealand. Apple and its partners
started taking pre-orders for the new handsets on Sept. 12.

The iPhone 6 S launch at Apple's flagship New York City store on 5 th Avenue
drew about 650 people in line at 8 a.m., compared with last year's record 1,880
for the iPhone 6 launch, Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster said in a research
report Friday. Two years ago, the iPhone 5 S launch drew 1,417 to the New York
City store at open.

"We view the shorter line as generally in line with our expectations, for three
reasons," Munster said. "First, China was added as a launch country for the
first time, reducing iPhone resellers in line. Second, "S' cycles have
historically had shorter lines than their respective number-change cycles.
Third, Apple continues to promote pre-orders/online sales."

Munster is forecasting opening weekend iPhone sales of 12 million to 13 million
units this year.

He rates Apple stock as overweight, with a price target of 172. Apple closed
Friday at 114.71, down a fraction.

The new 6 S handsets face difficult sales comparisons to the iPhone 6 launch,
which unleashed a pent-up demand for larger-screen iPhones.

"It is understandable why investors are concerned about growth into the tough
comps, but we continue to believe that 3% growth during the iPhone 6 S cycle is
achievable compared to the Street's flat projection," Munster said.

FBR analyst Daniel Ives said initial demand for the iPhone 6 S appears "very
strong."

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                           September 28, 2015 Monday
                                  EIBD EDITION

Retail Lines Light For Apple's iPhone 6S Better Camera Biggest Draw Analysts
still expect sales over the weekend to top iPhone 6's record last year

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: A; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 716 words


Lines outside Apple stores were considerably shorter for this year's iPhone
launch compared with those from the last few years.

The line at the Apple store in Reston, Va., had about 75 people less than 30
minutes before opening Friday. That's about a quarter of the size of the line a
year ago for the iPhone 6 launch.

Dakota Wolf, visiting from Phoenix, was near the front of the line for the
iPhone 6 S retail launch Friday. He summed up the lack of enthusiasm among
customers.

"It's not that big of a change," he said of the iPhone 6 S. "I don't know why
I'm here frankly."

The iPhone 6 S series phones feature a pressure-sensitive display, a faster
processor, improved cameras and the Live Photos feature that adds motion to
still pictures. The phones come in four colors (silver, gold, space gray and
rose gold) and three data-storage configurations (16 gigabytes, 64 GB and 128
GB).

The improved cameras and 3 D Touch display are the biggest selling points of the
iPhone 6 S and iPhone 6 S Plus, according to a survey of 38 buyers in the Reston
line.

Of those polled, 37% said the better cameras were the most-desired feature of
the iPhone 6 S series.

The iPhone 6 S has a 12-megapixel rear camera, vs. 8 megapixels on last year's
model. It shoots 4 K ultra-high-definition video for the first time. The phone
has a 5-megapixel FaceTime camera that uses the Retina Display as a flash for
taking better selfies. Last year's iPhones had a 1.2 megapixel FaceTime camera.

The 3 D Touch display ranked No. 2, with 29% saying it was their top reason for
buying the iPhone 6 S.

"It will bring a whole new level to how you interact with the phone," Henrique
Cunha of Campinas, Brazil, told IBD. "I think that will be better explored with
new apps."

The No. 3 feature is the new rose gold finish, with 21% saying it was their main
reason for buying the new handset.

Other selling points cited included the speedier A9 processor and greater
durability with the 7000 series aluminum case.

Of those polled at the Reston store, most (87%) planned to buy the 5.5-inch
iPhone 6 S Plus, and the minority planned to get the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 S.

Customers grumbled about the lack of choices in flash memory data storage. Most
(71%) planned to get a midrange phone with 64 gigabytes of storage. Some 26%
planned to get top-of-the-line models with 128 GB of storage. Just 3% were
interested in the low-end model with 16 GB of memory.

Many iPhone buyers interviewed wondered why Apple didn't bump the low-end model
to 32 GB.

S&P Capital IQ analyst Angelo Zino said he expects Apple to sell 12 million
iPhones during the first weekend of retail availability. That's up from last
year's record first-weekend sales of 10 million.

Zino rates Apple stock a strong buy.

The iPhone 6 S series phones launched in 12 countries vs. 10 for the iPhone 6.
The additional two countries are China and New Zealand. Apple and its partners
started taking pre-orders for the new handsets on Sept. 12.

The iPhone 6 S launch at Apple's flagship New York City store on 5 th Avenue
drew about 650 people in line at 8 a.m., compared with last year's record 1,880
for the iPhone 6 launch, Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster said in a research
report Friday. Two years ago, the iPhone 5 S launch drew 1,417 to the New York
City store at open.

"We view the shorter line as generally in line with our expectations, for three
reasons," Munster said. "First, China was added as a launch country for the
first time, reducing iPhone resellers in line. Second, "S' cycles have
historically had shorter lines than their respective number-change cycles.
Third, Apple continues to promote pre-orders/online sales."

Munster is forecasting opening weekend iPhone sales of 12 million to 13 million
units this year.

He rates Apple stock as overweight, with a price target of 172. Apple closed
Friday at 114.71, down a fraction.

The new 6 S handsets face difficult sales comparisons to the iPhone 6 launch,
which unleashed a pent-up demand for larger-screen iPhones.

"It is understandable why investors are concerned about growth into the tough
comps, but we continue to believe that 3% growth during the iPhone 6 S cycle is
achievable compared to the Street's flat projection," Munster said.

FBR analyst Daniel Ives said initial demand for the iPhone 6 S appears "very
strong."

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               The Saudi Gazette

                           September 28, 2014 Sunday

Mobily rolls out iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus plans

LENGTH: 267  words


Mobily launched the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus mobile Phones in Riyadh,
Jeddah and Al-Khobar on Saturday. iPhone 6 starts at SR399, iPhone 6 Plus at SR
799.

Mobily will allow iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus customers to connect to its fast
[insert applicable networks: LTE network(s).

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are the biggest advancements in iPhone history,
featuring two new models with stunning 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch Retina HD displays,
and packed with innovative technologies in an all-new dramatically thin and
seamless design. The new iPhones feature a precision unibody enclosure of
anodized aluminum that conforms seamlessly with the shaped glass of the display,
delivering a bigger display in a design that is still comfortable to hold and
easy to use. Both models are better in every way and include: the Apple-designed
A8 chip with second generation 64-bit desktop-class architecture for blazing
fast performance and power efficiency; advanced iSightHD cameras; ultrafast
wireless technologies; and Apple Pay[TM], an easier way to simply and securely
make payments with just the touch of a finger.¹ iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
include iOS 8, the latest version of the world's most advanced mobile operating
system, featuring a simpler, faster and more intuitive user experience with new
Messages and Photos features, QuickType[TM] keyboard, a new Health app, Family
Sharing and iCloud Drive.

Sami Nashwan "chief consumer officer" in Mobily said "we are eager to enrich our
customers' life with the latest smartphones, launching of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus is strongly supporting this direction". - SG

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1526


                       Copyright 2014 The Saudi Gazette.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        China Daily (Hong Kong Edition)

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

iPhone businesses, once bitten, twice shy

BYLINE: Zhou Mo in Shenzhen

LENGTH: 626  words


Friday was a special day for Apple fans, as the new-generation iPhones - iPhone
6 and iPhone 6 Plus - were released in Hong Kong and eight other markets around
the world. While the unveiling of the new devices is likely to spur a new round
of shopping spree on smartphone accessories, business owners in Shenzhen remain
wary of the potential commercial opportunities, given their past failure in
assessing the market.

Traders (bottom) buy the newly-released Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus from
people who had successfully purchased the devices earlier from the Apple store
on Friday in Mong Kok. Roy Liu / China Daily

Friday was a special day for Apple fans, as the new-generation iPhones - iPhone
6 and iPhone 6 Plus - were released in Hong Kong and eight other markets around
the world. While the unveiling of the new devices is likely to spur a new round
of shopping spree on smartphone accessories, business owners in Shenzhen remain
wary of the potential commercial opportunities, given their past failure in
assessing the market.

At Huaqiang North, a high-tech industrial zone in Shenzhen, a vendor of Pisen,
an enterprise that develops, produces and sells smartphone accessories, said the
company has yet to manufacture cases for the new iPhones, as market demand of
the product is uncertain at the present time.

"Right now we don't know (the response of) the market to the new iPhones," he
said. "As our factory makes tens of thousands of phone cases at a time, we shall
wait and see the market situation before (proceeding to) mass production."

Chen Peiyan, a saleswoman in another electronics store, told China Daily that
some companies have learned their lessons from the release of iPhone 4 and now
choose to produce new iPhone accessories at a later time.

"Some factories manufactured a large number of iPhone 4 cases in advance in
expectation of a huge market demand. However, the reality was that they
overestimated the situation and overproduced the product," Chen said. "So this
time, they are more cautious."

In the virtual world, however, accessories of new iPhones are hotly traded.
Apple lovers rush to Taobao, the biggest online shopping site in mainland, to
choose beautiful decorations for their forthcoming new favorites. In an online
store that sells digital accessories, 100 iPhone 6 cases are booked in a day.
The shop owner said the accessories will be delivered to the buyers next week.

"My boyfriend pre-ordered an iPhone 6 for me on Apple's official website. So I
need to buy a lovely phone case in advance to welcome my iPhone baby," a shopper
at the online store wrote.

Apple fans raised a buying frenzy on Sept 12 when the California-based company
began to accept pre-orders of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus globally. Reservations
of the two types of smartphones reached a record high of more than four million
in just 24 hours, doubling the figure of iPhone 5, launched in 2012. In Hong
Kong, the first batch of new iPhones was snapped up by fans on the first day of
its booking.

"Response to iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus has been incredible, with a record
number of pre-orders overnight," Apple's spokeswoman Trudy Muller said.

In Shenzhen's Huangqiang North district, price for a 16-gigabyte grey iPhone 6
has been pushed up to 18,000 yuan ($2932.9), while that for iPhone 5s has
dropped several hundred yuan to approximately 3,800 yuan. Some vendors estimate
that price of the new smartphone will fall below 10,000 yuan in two or three
months' time.

Apple published its second round of selling regions on its official website last
Friday, with the mainland absent from the list again. Some people suspect that
mainland buyers may not be able to buy the new iPhones within the year.

sally@chinadailyhk.com

(HK Edition 09/20/2014 page6)

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1495


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              China Business News

                     October 18, 2014 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Big Demand at iPhone 6 Launch But Queues Smaller Than Before

LENGTH: 405  words


Oct. 18 -- Shanghai Municipal Government issued the following news release:

Although queues were smaller than in the past, customers line up in front of the
Apple flagship store at Lujiazui in Shanghai to buy the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus, which went on sale on the Chinese mainland yesterday.

Apple Inc started delivering the iPhone 6 to the Chinese mainland yesterday,
with the latest Apple model available through Apple stores, telecoms companies
and online shops.

The 64-gigabyte iPhone 6 Plus model seemed to be the most popular choice in
Shanghai, quickly selling out at some online outlets.

But while queues formed in front of Apple stores, the numbers waiting were fewer
than for previous iPhone debuts in the city.

As the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were launched in the Chinese mainland a month
after its global debut, some hardcore fans are thought to have already bought
the new phone through overseas channels.

Some deliveries of the iPhone 6 models went to the four local Apple stores to
customers who had pre-ordered online.

Others were for customers who pre-ordered through local branches of China
Mobile, China Unicom and China Telecom.

More than 150,000 pre-orders for the phone were made through carriers in
Shanghai, their figures show.

Prices of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, without contracts, range from 5,288
yuan (US$861) to 7,999 yuan, depending on the model. These include the 16, 64
and 128GB capacity versions.

Local carriers offering the iPhone 6 with contracts were giving discounts of up
to 50 percent on monthly fees.

The iPhone 6 Plus 64GB was the model to sell out first in China Telecom and
China Unicom's channels.

There will be a three-week wait for the next iPhone 6 Plus 64GB batch delivery,
said a staff member at the Apple store on Huaihai Road.

Customers can also buy the iPhone 6 online from retailers such as JD.com and
Suning.

Despite smaller queues, the release of the iPhone 6 once again created iPhone
fever in the company's largest potential market. More than 20 million pre-orders
were placed in China after October 10, reported Xinhua news agency.

For 4G networks, iPhones sold in Apple stores, China Unicom and China Telecom
outlets support both 4G standards including TD-LTE (time division-long term
evolution) and FDD-LTE (frequency division duplex-LTE).

China Mobile's models support TD-LTE only domestically but both technologies
during roaming overseas.

Source: Shanghai Municipal Government

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              China Business News

                     October 18, 2014 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Big Demand at iPhone 6 Launch But Queues Smaller Than Before

LENGTH: 405  words


Oct. 18 -- Shanghai Municipal Government issued the following news release:

Although queues were smaller than in the past, customers line up in front of the
Apple flagship store at Lujiazui in Shanghai to buy the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus, which went on sale on the Chinese mainland yesterday.

Apple Inc started delivering the iPhone 6 to the Chinese mainland yesterday,
with the latest Apple model available through Apple stores, telecoms companies
and online shops.

The 64-gigabyte iPhone 6 Plus model seemed to be the most popular choice in
Shanghai, quickly selling out at some online outlets.

But while queues formed in front of Apple stores, the numbers waiting were fewer
than for previous iPhone debuts in the city.

As the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were launched in the Chinese mainland a month
after its global debut, some hardcore fans are thought to have already bought
the new phone through overseas channels.

Some deliveries of the iPhone 6 models went to the four local Apple stores to
customers who had pre-ordered online.

Others were for customers who pre-ordered through local branches of China
Mobile, China Unicom and China Telecom.

More than 150,000 pre-orders for the phone were made through carriers in
Shanghai, their figures show.

Prices of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, without contracts, range from 5,288
yuan (US$861) to 7,999 yuan, depending on the model. These include the 16, 64
and 128GB capacity versions.

Local carriers offering the iPhone 6 with contracts were giving discounts of up
to 50 percent on monthly fees.

The iPhone 6 Plus 64GB was the model to sell out first in China Telecom and
China Unicom's channels.

There will be a three-week wait for the next iPhone 6 Plus 64GB batch delivery,
said a staff member at the Apple store on Huaihai Road.

Customers can also buy the iPhone 6 online from retailers such as JD.com and
Suning.

Despite smaller queues, the release of the iPhone 6 once again created iPhone
fever in the company's largest potential market. More than 20 million pre-orders
were placed in China after October 10, reported Xinhua news agency.

For 4G networks, iPhones sold in Apple stores, China Unicom and China Telecom
outlets support both 4G standards including TD-LTE (time division-long term
evolution) and FDD-LTE (frequency division duplex-LTE).

China Mobile's models support TD-LTE only domestically but both technologies
during roaming overseas.

Source: Shanghai Municipal Government

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Newcastle Herald (Australia)

                             October 6, 2014 Monday
                                 First Edition

Apple makes the big call;
cyberspaces

BYLINE: TECHKNOW ADAM TURNER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 316 words


IN response to growing competition, Apple has released two versions of its
latest phone: the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and hefty 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus. The iPhone
can now stand toe-to-toe with giant Android rivals.

While big phones are old news for Android lovers, the iPhone 6 might come as a
shock to Apple fans because it's taller and wider than its predecessor. To
compensate, Apple has moved the power button to the right-hand side so it's
easier to reach. The iPhone 6's extra girth grows on you and more screen real
estate certainly comes in handy.

The next step up to the iPhone 6 Plus is more confronting and it might be
difficult to grip for people with small hands. It's more of an in-between device
if you don't want to carry around a phone and a tablet.

iPHONE 6 FROM $869

It's thinner than the iPhone 5 and only a fraction lighter, so it doesn't feel
like more of a burden in your hand or your pocket. The curved edges are easier
to grip and look more elegant. Both new iPhone models have more grunt than the 5
and take slightly better photos (the same number of megapixels, but improved
lenses).

iPHONE 6 PLUS FROM $999

It's thicker and heavier than the iPhone 6, but still thinner than the 5. The
screen is larger than the 6 and sharper at 1920 x 1080 to match a Full HD
television. You get longer battery life and optical image stabilisation to
remove shake from videos. It also borrows tricks from the iPad, such as extra
buttons on the keyboard and split-screen mode in some apps like Mail.

THE VERDICT It depends on what you feel comfortable holding, as the iPhone 6
Plus is bulky and demands two hands to perform some tasks. If you're jealous of
the expanses of screen real estate available on giant Android phablets such as
Samsung's Galaxy Note, then the iPhone 6 Plus is for you. If in doubt, stick
with the iPhone 6 because it will still feel like a major step up from an older
iPhone.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TWO PHOTOS: iPHONE 6 FROM $869 iPHONE 6 PLUS FROM $999

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Newcastle Newspapers Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

iPhone 6 bending? Why the iPhone 6 Plus warps so easily.;
Apple's new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are bending in people's pockets according to
reports. What's causing the phones to bend?

BYLINE: Bryan Cronan Staff Writer

SECTION: Innovation

LENGTH: 588 words


When Apple CEO Tim Cook reveled the iPhone 6 Plus, he probably didn't think that
its most talked about feature is its ability to bend.

Since the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus began selling Friday, customers have
complained that the phone bends and warps while in their pockets. The new
generation of iPhones is much larger than previous generations - iPhone 6 is 4.7
diagonal inches and the iPhone 6 Plus is 5.5 inches - and many are wondering if
the new size has anything to do with the bending problem.

"Previous iPhones were thicker and not as long. In material bending, larger
cross sectional areas (thickness x width) and shorter lengths make things
stronger (You can't easily bend a cube), while the opposite makes things very
easy to bend (paper is easily folded)," Jeremy Irons, a design engineer at
Creative Engineering, tells Gizmodo. "The increased length and decreased
thickness contribute to the weakness of the new iPhone. Strength is
proportionally related to length, but strength is affected much more by changes
in thickness."

The new iPhones are also 0.02 inches thinner than pervious iPhones. And,
according to Mr. Irons, that makes a big difference. "While the iPhone 5S was
only 7% thicker than the iPhone 6 Plus, it was actually 22% stronger in bending.
When you make something longer, it gets proportionally more bendable, when you
make it thinner, it gets a lot more bendable," he says.

Adding to the bending problem is the aluminum case surrounding the phone.
Aluminum is a light-weight and flexible metal. Apple uses anodized aluminum in
its new phones, which is supposed to make them stronger, but that doesn't seem
to be working.

"From an engineering standpoint, the iPhone is an amazingly small and delicately
constructed device," Irons says. "The only thing really contributing to the
structural integrity of the iPhone 6 Plus is the thin aluminum frame that covers
the back and reaches around the sides. There is also another very thin piece of
steel behind the glass, but we are not working with much as far as bending
strength."

This isn't the first time customers have complained about bending Apple phones.
In Apple discussion forums, customers complained about the iPhone 4 in 2010 and
the iPhone 5S in 2013.

The number of people who have experienced the bending in the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus
isn't clear, but it was enough for #BendGate to became a big topic on Twitter.

iPhones bending? Sounds funny at first, but could do down as the biggest cell
phone blunder in history. #BendGate #someonesgettingfired- Jenson Vaughan
(@JensonVaughan) September 23, 2014

#Apple #BendGate Apple, I'm disappointed in you. Years of making good phones and
now this? :'(- Dries Taeymans (@DriesTaeymans1) September 24, 2014

Apple's phones aren't the only phones that supposedly bend. Owners of the
Samsung Galaxy S4 and BlackBerry Q10 complained about similar problems in online
forums.

YouTube channel Unbox Therapy, which posted a video of the bending iPhone 6
Plus, tried to bend the Samsung Galaxy Note 3. After several attempts to bend
the phone, the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 showed only slight signs of warping, but no
damage was done.

News of bending phones came days after Apple announced that its iPhone 6 and 6
Plus sales were a record 10 million in the first weekend. That number doesn't
include sales in China, one of the world's largest smart phone markets, because
the phone is still waiting to be approved by regulators.

Apple has yet to comment on what, if anything, it will do about the bending of
the new iPhones.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

The new, improved and bendable iPhone 6

LENGTH: 545  words


The iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus have only been available a few week but users
of the two new iPhones have reported a rather astonishing structural flaw: The
smartphones bend. Camping overnight outside Apple stores to spend money on a
redundant smartphone is just plain foolish in my opinion but even more
astonishing [...]
The post The new, improved and bendable iPhone 6 appeared first on tbreak.ae.

The iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus have only been available a few week but users
of the two new iPhones have reported a rather astonishing structural flaw: The
smartphones bend.

Camping overnight outside Apple stores to spend money on a redundant smartphone
is just plain foolish in my opinion but even more astonishing is the fact that
Apple has somehow unintentionally created a flexible phone. iPhone users have
taken to the MacUsers Forum in droves to report the flaw, with many uploading
images of their bent iPhones. One user even claimed that his iPhone was
distorted after a mere 18 hours in his pocket. Clearly even he realised the
fruitlessness of owning an iPhone 6.

But is this all an elaborate hoax?

Unbox Therapy's Lewis Hilsenteger, a YouTuber who also happens to be a dedicated
iPhone 6 Plus owner, released a video of a brand new iPhone 6 Plus undergoing a
bend test; he bent it with his own hands, dispelling hopes that #bendgate is a
mere hoax. Needless to say it failed the test rather miserably. In a follow up
video where he conducted the same test on a Galaxy Note 3, he attempted to
revert the iPhone 6 Plus back to its original shape, however the screen cracked.

Notably, these aren't the first iPhones to warp out of shape. A few weeks after
its release, users of the iPhone 5 commented on the fact that it bent even
though the smartphones weren't kept in their back pockets and sat upon. When the
iPhone 5S was released, the same symptom didn't take too long to pop up, with
users reporting that their smartphones bending at the volume button over a
period of time.

The root of the problem stems from the iPhone 6's anodized aluminium frame.
Though anodizing it makes it more durable and prevents it from rusting,
aluminium by its very nature is a rather soft metal. With the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus only being a few millimetres thick, it's not surprising that they
can be bent by applying a little bit of pressure. Unfortunately, this also means
that the surface of the phone starts cracking. What a great new feature.

It's actually quite staggering that the same structural vulnerability is present
in iPhones from two different generations. One would have thought that Apple
would have already fixed it. I'm looking forward to seeing how Apples PR team is
going to respond to this; I wouldn't be surprised if they say that Apple have
created the first flexible smartphones in existence. Apples rivals, such as
Samsung, have however quickly publicised the claims of the structural flaw
through social media.

Update: Apple has responded to the allegations by saying that such damage would
be "rare" during normal use, with only 9 users reporting directly to Apple about
the flaw. Apple is also going to replace your iPhone using their Visual
Mechanical Inspection test.

The post The new, improved and bendable iPhone 6 appeared first on tbreak.ae.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2014 TBREAK MEDIA
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                    September 13, 2014 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone 5S To Have An Official Price-Cut In India

BYLINE: Sanchari Banerjee, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 262  words


A tweet from Mumbai-based Mahesh Telecom has announced that the two iPhone 5S
variants will have a price cut, ahead of launch of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in
India.

Saturday, September 13, 2014: Customers and ardent fans of Apple devices are
already quite delighted with the latest launch of their favourite brand - iPhone
6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Now they have some more reason to rejoice as Apple's
flagship smartphone of 2013, iPhone 5S is going to undergo an "official" price
cut in India.

Both the 16GB and 32GB versions of iPhone 5S will be very much available in
markets, along with iPhone 5C 8GB. But the revised prices were not announced at
the recent Apple event. A tweet from Mumbai-based Mahesh Telecom has announced
that the two iPhone 5S variants will have a price cut, ahead of launch of iPhone
6 and iPhone 6 Plus in India.

The tweet says, iPhone 5S 16GB will cost Rs 44,500 instead of Rs 53,500 and the
32GB variant will be available at Rs 49,500 instead of Rs 62,500, as mentioned
in The Times of India. But the online price is lesser for iPhone 5S. Amazon.in
is retailing the 16GB version at Rs 34,999 and Flipkart at Rs 36,000. The online
price of 32GB version is Rs 56,000, which is expected to come down after the
price cut.

No word has been spread yet about a buyback offer for iPhone 5S, as happened for
iPhone 5C last year. Apple India has removed the iPhone 6 launch date, which was
earlier mentioned as 17 October, following 26 September. Till now, no official
statement has been released about when iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus will get
launched in India.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

Apple's new devices have different look, feel

BYLINE: Eric Jou

LENGTH: 463  words


The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, Apple Inc's latest entries in the iPhone series,
come in two different sizes. As when Apple upped the screen size of the iPhone
5, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus take screen size to the next level.

A new Apple iPhone 6 Plus is seen during an Apple event at the Flint Center in
Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, Apple Inc's latest entries in the iPhone series,
come in two different sizes. As when Apple upped the screen size of the iPhone
5, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus take screen size to the next level.

Similar to all previous iPhones, the 6 and 6 Plus are made of aluminum. Instead
of the blockier older look, though, the new iPhones look slick. Both models are
thin - much thinner than the iPhone 5s.

And both are surprisingly light - light enough to be almost worrisome. The lack
of "heft" in the devices seems to detract from the premium feel that Apple has
cultivated.

iPhone 6 rollout bypasses mainland
Apple unveils the Watch, larger iPhones at star-studded event That said, once
the phone is turned on, the premium feeling comes right back. Both phones have
the new "Retina HD" screens; however, the 6 Plus benefits from having a larger
one. Both screens produce clear, crisp images. Visiting ESPN with its bright
reds looked amazing.

The bigger screens have brought a change in button orientation. Gone are the
days of the top power-wake button. Taking a cue from Android hardware, the new
bigger iPhones have the power-wake button on the right-hand side of the device.

As for operations, there is an obvious speed advantage over the 5S. Web browsing
and apps both loaded markedly faster, a performance upgrade that was to be
expected.

In terms of camera performance, the new Slo-mo function on the camera looks more
fluid than previous versions. Unfortunately, China Daily was not able to test
the Facetime burst function or the time-lapse function on the new iPhones.

Apple Watch

Apple computer's first entry into the smart wearable device market is a
surprisingly comfortable one.

Coming out with two screen sizes and three technically different models (six
altogether), the Apple Watch is quite a sight.

It is not so thick that it stands out; it feels and looks a bit smaller than a
standard Casio G-Shock watch. Of course, looks are in the eye of the beholder.
And although other mobile device manufacturers have made circular watches,
Apple's device is rectangular.

In terms of operation, Apple did not allow the media to play with the devices
directly. Test devices were only allowed to be worn by the press, with the
software demo played on a loop.

The device felt and looked good, but without a full, hands-on test drive with
the software, there are still many questions about the Apple Watch.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

Thumbs up for latest iPhone models?;
With Hong Kong release imminent, our reviewer takes to the MTR for a test ride

BYLINE: Bien Perez bien.perez@scmp.com

SECTION: NEWS; Local (Hong Kong News); Technology; Pg.3

LENGTH: 449 words


Apple will release its newest products, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, in Hong
Kong and eight other places around the world tomorrow.

Pre-orders for the smartphones - the company's thinnest yet and with the largest
displays to date - hit a record four million in the nine markets last Friday.

Ahead of their release, the                South China Morning Post briefly
tested both devices using SmarTone Telecommunications' 4G mobile network.

I have been a satisfied iPhone user since Apple first partnered with mobile
network operator Three Hong Kong in 2008 to release the iPhone 3G in the city.

The new phones are solid and smooth to the touch. As Apple brings back its
curved design, gone are the edges found on the previous iPhone models.

The larger of the new models takes getting used to and is a tad slippery at
first. A protective case to provide a better grip is recommended.

The iPhone 6 has a 4.7-inch display that offers 38 per cent more viewing area
than the iPhone 5s' 4-inch screen, according to Apple. The iPhone 6 Plus has a
5.5-inch display, with 88 per cent more viewing area than the iPhone 5s.

Riding the MTR and using the new phones with one hand, I had no problem
navigating from Twitter to LinkedIn, Gmail and the mobile SCMP site even while
answering phone calls. Using the iPhone 6 Plus, I read a Jo Nesbo novel as
easily as I do on my iPad.

The volume buttons on the left-hand side of the new iPhones have a thin,
elongated design, which make them easy to find and use. The on/off button has
also been moved from the top of the phone to its right-hand side, which is
conveniently within reach even with the jumbo-sized iPhone 6 Plus.

My next test was to try putting the devices comfortably into my front right
jeans pocket, which is where I usually carry my phone. I had my reservations,
but this proved no problem.

The iPhone 6 is 6.9 millimetres  thick and the iPhone 6 Plus 7.1mm. These
figures compare favourably with the iPhone 5s, which is 7.6mm thick. .

The user-friendly "reachability" and "display zoom" features are a welcome
addition to the large-display devices.

The reachability feature shifts the page on-screen down so a user's thumb can
access elements previously out of reach. Double-touch - not double-press - the
home button to activate the feature. With display zoom, users can increase the
size of what is seen on the  screen.

So which new iPhone model should you choose? The most convenient path is the
iPhone 6, but I suggest trying out the iPhone 6 Plus at your mobile service
provider's shop to get used to the size. Or not.

Available in grey, silver and gold, prices for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
start from HK$5,588 and HK$6,388.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           February 28, 2015 Saturday

Apple iPhone 6, 6 Plus prices drop in India

BYLINE: Avani Bagga

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 259 words


NEW DELHI: iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, which were launched in India in October 2014,
have seen their prices drop on major e-commerce websites.

Third-party sellers on Flipkart, Amazon and others are selling the 16, 32 and
64GB variants of both new iPhones at discounts ranging between Rs 2,000-5,000.
Among the three, Flipkart is offering the best deals on iPhone 6.

Below are the best prices of Apple's top smartphones in India right now:

Model

Launch price

Best price

16 GB iPhone 6

Rs 53,500

Rs 48,595 (Flipkart)

64GB iPhone 6

Rs 62,500

Rs 57,448 (Flipkart)

128GB iPhone 6

Rs 71,500

Rs 70,045 (Flipkart)

16GB iPhone 6 Plus

Rs 62,500

Rs 55,999 (Flipkart)

64GB iPhone 6 Plus

Rs 71,500

Rs 65,999 (Amazon)

128GB iPhone 6 Plus

Rs 80,500

Rs 73,999 (Amazon)

Amazon is offering cash back of Rs 8,400 on iPhone 6 and 6 Plus to HDFC credit
card users. Similarly, Flipkart is offering 10% cash back to Citibank credit
card users.

iPhone 6, Apple's first big-screen smartphone, sports a 4.7-inch HD (1334x750p)
display and is powered by A8 processor and 1GB RAM. The smartphone runs on iOS 8
and has an 8MP iSight camera that features phase detection and can take 43MP
panorama photos.

iPhone 6 Plus, the company's first phablet, has a 5.5-inch (1920x1080p) display,
and like iPhone 6 is powered by A8 processor and 1GB RAM and runs on iOS 8. It
also features an 8MP camera with optical image stabilization and packs a
2,915mAh battery.

iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are the thinnest smartphones Apple has made yet.

Follow TOI Tech on Twitter >>>

?And like us on Facebook >>>

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     December 27, 2014 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6 to be available at zero down payment in India soon

BYLINE: Dailybhaskar.com

LENGTH: 191  words


With the launch iPhone 5S and 5C last year and later Iphone 6 and 6 Plus this
year, Apple indeed is considering India as one of its important markets. The
company is expected to 'very soon' launch zero down payment scheme on the new
Iphone 6.

The official Apple page about where to buy an iPhone 6 today, a link has been
given that points to the Reliance online store page. Though the Reliance page is
yet to list iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, this link indicates that the new iPhones
are soon coming to India bundled with zero down payment option.

According to leaked information on the tariff plans of the iPhones under the
plan, the iPhone 6 could start at INR 3,099 per month for 24 months and the
iPhone 6 Plus could start at INR 3,599 per month for 24 months (via Firstpost).

Note that the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were launched in India at INR 53,500 for the
16GB model and INR 62,500 for the 16GB model, respectively.

Last year too, the Cupertino giant partnered with Reliance and Airtel to offer
iPhone 5S and 5C at lower costs, prices starting as low as zero. Partnering with
Reliance for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, thus, does not comes as a surprise.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday
                                 Early Edition

iPhone 6 sales start Friday

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 362 words


The long-awaited, muchhyped iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones will be going
on sale in Saskatchewan, beginning Friday.

The iPhone 6, which was launched with much fanfare last Tuesday in Cupertino,
Calif., will be available at SaskTel retail store locations and select SaskTel
Authorized Apple iPhone dealers, the Crown telecommunications company announced
Monday. Telus, Bell and Rogers customers in Saskatchewan will also be able to
buy the new iPhone 6 Friday, according to spokespersons for the three wireless
companies.

"We always experience high demand for Apple devices and we are confident SaskTel
customers will enjoy using the remarkable new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus on
SaskTel's leading network," Ron Styles, Sask-Tel president and CEO, said in a
news release.

SaskTel will allow iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus customers to connect to its 4G
(fourth generation) LTE (long-term evolution) network.

Prices for the iPhone 6 will start at $265 for the 16 gigabyte (GB) model and
iPhone 6 Plus will be available starting at $375 for the 16GB model based on a
24-month contract.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are said to be "the biggest advancements in
iPhone history," featuring two new models with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch Retina HD
displays, and packed with innovative technologies, such as iSight and FaceTime
HD cameras and iOS 8, Apple's latest mobile operating system, which has a health
application that allows users to monitor their health and fitness levels
instantly.

A spokeswoman for SaskTel said Apple is allowing SaskTel to offer the iPhone 6
at the same time as competitors, like Rogers and Telus.

"It's exciting for us to be able to offer it to our customers at the same time
as the other competitors in the market," said Michelle Englot, director of
external communications at SaskTel.

"Apple is very particular about who provides their phones and (other) devices,
so we're happy that we've proven us ourselves and get the same consideration as
anyone else."

While the 'big three' competitors (Telus, Bell and Rogers) will offer the iPhone
6 Friday, Englot added that none of them has the same "footprint" in terms of
coverage in Saskatchewan that SaskTel has.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Star Phoenix
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               The Saudi Gazette

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

Mobily set to launch iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus

LENGTH: 211  words


MOBILY will launch the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in Saudi markets on Friday
(Sept. 26), in a move that reflects the company's leadership in bringing the
latest and best smartphones to its subscribers.

The new generation of the iPhone is the slimmest ever introduced, as the
thickness of iPhone 6 is 6.9 mm, whereas the iPhone 6 Plus thickness is 7.1 mm
only.

Apple company has developed also the screen size of the new iPhone generation, a
size of 4.7 inch with 1334 × 750 pixels accuracy for iPhone 6 and 5.5 inch HD
with 1920 × 1080 pixels accuracy for iPhone 6 Plus and both screens enjoy the
feature Retina HD.

Apple was also keen to strengthen their iPhones with a new generation of A8
processors which are faster than the previous one in addition to a new operating
system IOS 8. The battery performance was improved to operate for a longer
period with no need to recharge.

Mobily will provide iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in all colors as announced by the
company: Silver, Gold and grey and as per the smartphones packages.

It is noteworthy that Mobily has a broad experience in launching the iPhone
smartphones in the domestic market, as it was the first company in the Kingdom
that managed to launch the first Apple iPhone and smart devices in early 2009. -
SG

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1526


                       Copyright 2014 The Saudi Gazette.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Who's getting the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in the UK?

LENGTH: 582  words

DATELINE: Washington


National First Responders Organization has issued the following news release:

Apple has released its unlocked pricing for the iPhone 6 and its bigger brother
6 Plus in Europe, but there's no word yet on how much it will cost with a mobile
tariff.

If you're in the UK, Germany, or France and can drop a few hundred pounds or
euros on a new iPhone 6, you're in luck. Apple's new bigger iPhones will go on
sale on Friday 19 September -- the same day it becomes available in the US,
Australia, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, and Singapore.

The rest of Europe will have to sit tight unless they make the trip to a store
overseas. While Apple only confirmed availability in the UK, France, and
Germany, dates released by Swedish telcos suggest that it will go on sale in
other markets a matter of days, rather than weeks, later.

In the UK, the 4.7-inch display iPhone 6 has a suggested retail price of £539
for the 16GB model, £619 for the 64GB model, while the newly-added 128GB model
will set you back £699.
The History of the iPhone
Tech Family Tree: The iPhone

Tech Family Tree: The iPhone

Read more

The 5.5-inch display iPhone 6 Plus will be available in the UK for a suggested
retail price of £619 for the 16GB model, £699 or the 64GB model, and £789 for
the 128GB model.

While carrier-subsidised pricing for the iPhone 5s and 5c was released on the
same day as the official launch, no UK operators are giving any hint today of
which tariffs the iPhone duo will be available on, and what size of upfront cost
to expect.

Both the iPhone 6 and iPhone Plus come in gold, silver or space grey and will be
available from the Apple online store, Apple's UK retail stores, and through O2,
Vodafone, EE, Three, GiffGaff, Virgin, TalkMobile, as well as Apple resellers.

All of the major networks began allowing would-be iPhone 6 owners to register
their interest in the new phone on their respective websites.

Consumers in Germany after the iPhone 6 will be looking at [#x20ac]699 for the
16 GB model, [#x20ac]799 for the 64 GB model and [#x20ac]899 for the new 128GB
model. The iPhone 6 Plus in Germany starts at [#x20ac]799 for the 16 GB model,
[#x20ac]899 for the 64 GB model and [#x20ac]999 for the new 128 GB model.

Both models will be available through Apple's online and physical stores, as
well as operators Deutsche Telekom, Vodafone, O2, and Debitel.

In France, consumers will be able to buy both devices at Orange, SFR, Bouygues,
Free, and NRJ, with iPhone 6 starting at [#x20ac]709 for the 16GB model,
[#x20ac]819 for the 64GB model, and [#x20ac]919 for the 128GB version. For those
that want the larger iPhone 6 Plus, they'll be looking at [#x20ac]809 for the
16GB model, [#x20ac]919 for the 64GB model or [#x20ac]1019 for the 128GB
version.

In Italy, the starting price for the iPhone 6 from Apple directly is [#x20ac]729
for the 16GB model, [#x20ac]839 for the 64GB device, and [#x20ac]949 for the
128GB edition. The larger of the two new devices starts at [#x20ac]839 for the
16GB model, [#x20ac]949 for the 64GB model and [#x20ac]1,059 for the 128GB
model.

Meanwhile, the Swedes are looking at 6395 SEK ($901) for the iPhone 6 16GB
model, 7395 SEK for the 64GB edition and 8395 SEK for the 128GB model. The
iPhone 6 Plus will cost 7395 SEK for the 16GB model, 8395 for the 64GB model and
9,395 SEK for the 128GB edition.

Three Sweden and Telia say they will start selling the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus on 26
September. Other carriers in Sweden planning to sell the devices are Telia,
Telenor and Tele2. So does Apple's new iphone work on Sweden's 4G networks?
Telia says "Ja".

For more information please visit: http://www.nfro.org

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                            December 19, 2014 Friday

The latest device has six appeal;
iPhone has improved - its battery lasts longer and it's convenient and secure,
writes Amy Wu

BYLINE: Amy Wu

SECTION: SUPPLEMENTS; Pg. 09

LENGTH: 638 words


iPhone users have given the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus the thumbs up. Since the
launch of Apple's latest version of the iPhone in September, the iPhone 6 has
earned more praise than criticism from consumers and analysts. Although the
changes from 5 to 6 are not dramatic, safer, lighter and faster, despite its
expanded girth, are some descriptions from iPhone 6 owners.

"It hasn't taken away any of the features, it has only enhanced them," says Ron
Yaros, a journalism professor at the University of Maryland. "It's everything
that I had in the iPhone 5 except it's more convenient and secure."

We took a closer look at the iPhone 6 and Plus, including a test drive at the
Apple store.

Here are the pros and cons that we found.

Size - Expanded screen, 4.7 inches for the iPhone 6 and 5.5 inches for the
iPhone 6 Plus, makes it easier on the eyes from scrolling through eBooks,
watching movies or online shopping. A major perk is the feel. "It's lighter and
thinner and plays well with keys and other things in my pocket," Yaros says. The
iPhone 6 is 6.9mm thick and weighs only 129g, while the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 6
Plus is 7.1mm thick and weighs 172g.

According to a sales specialist at Apple, Apple's decision to expand the screen
size was not ignited by its main competitor Samsung. "The iPhone 6 addresses
some market demands for a larger screen phone and obviously a very big phone. It
offers a better camera and better battery life," says Walter Piecyk, an analyst
with BTIG in New York who covers Apple Inc.

Safety With cyber and data security growing concerns, the iPhone 6 offers safety
upgrades including the TouchID censor where users can now lock and unlock with
their fingerprint. "It's not only a great thing privacy-wise but also makes
sending quick messages easier than ever," says Kelsey Knoche, a student at the
University of Maryland.

Speed Much faster than previous versions. Just try surfing the web - it worked
especially well with Safari.

Battery life - Battery life is important for most smartphone users, and the
iPhone 6 offers an additional four to five hours of battery life compared to
iPhone 5.

Camera and videos The iSight camera includes enhanced focus systems, and
two-tone flash. New video features include slow motion and time-lapse video
mode. "I feel more comfortable than ever using it as my main camera," says one
iPhone 6 owner.

Memory You now have a storage choice of 16 GB, or for HK$775 more, 64 GB or 128
GB. Christopher Caso, senior analyst at Susquehanna Financial Group in New York,
calls the memory increase a "very shrewd move" from Apple. "For HK$775 more, you
get a 64 GB phone. You get more for your money," he says.

ios8 Allows access to features including the Apple HealthKit, and an iCloud
drive that works similarly to DropBox. The ios8 also allows users to sync their
Apple devices, so that iPhone users can answer phone calls on Mac or iPad.

Screen Although the screens feature retina HD, the screen is still breakable as
the much anticipated sapphire screen did not manifest.

"Like all iPhones, the screen is very breakable so I wish that was something
that had been more improved with this model," Knoche says.

Price Without a two-year plan, the iPhone 6 or plus ranges from HK$5,037 to
HK$6,587, not counting bells and whistles, such as HK$271 for a case in Apple
retail stores.

Lock/Unlock button The button has been moved to the right side of the phone, and
for long-time iPhone users, this takes some getting used to.

In the end, some consumers decided to snag the iPhone 6 simply because, well,
it's Apple.

"While the changes overall aren't huge, the little changes Apple was able to
make in making the 6 have been really great and I love the phone so far," Knoche
says. "And I love to have the latest model so that definitely played a part as
well."

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Expanded screens make it easier on the eyes from watching movies or
online shopping.; Most iPhone 6 users are happy with their phone, saying it has
enhanced features. Photos: Kyodo, May Tse

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                             July 26, 2013, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending July 26;
Apple iPhone 6 scuttlebutt includes: Ignoring iPhone 5S, canceling iPhone 5,
Killer Patents, plastic

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 2505 words


Perhaps the iOSphere is exhausted or suffering a post-adrenaline crash, but some
this week have actually suggested thatconsumers will ignore iPhone 5S, setting
their hopes on the Radically New and Innovative iPhone 6 in 2014.

Analysts and pundits seem nearly paralyzed with dread at the prospect that
buyers will not be lining up at Apple retail stores to buy the 2013 iPhone. How
could the world have come to such a pass?

And this despite the promise of still more Killer Features for the Next iPhone,
which were revealed this week thanks to new published Apple patent applications,
although the applications nowhere mention the iPhone 5S or iPhone 6.

Also this week: surprising, not to say stupid, speculation that once Apple
announces the Next iPhone, including the new Plastic iPhone, it will cancel
iPhone 5; the awesome spectacle of a rumor being born before your eyes and then
strangled; and new iPhone 6 fan art that finally reveals a use for flexible
displays.

You read it here second.

__________"The consumer reaction to iPhone 5S is, of course, unknowable at this
point, but we worry this could be the first iPhone launch that doesn't generate
lines on launch day."~ Chris Caso, Susquehanna Financial Group, and Chief iPhone
Worrier, who fears that having sold millions of innovative iPhones ever year
since 2007, Apple will succeed finally in launching one that consumers don't
care about.__________ iPhone 5S will be greeted without the usual lines of
buyers outside stores If an iPhone is announced and no one lines up to buy it,
is it really an iPhone?

"Call it blasphemy, but Apple's next-generation smartphone could be the first
iPhone model to debut without the usual lines of buyers outside stores on launch
day," declares Patrick Seitz in a post at Investors.com.
http://news.investors.com/technology-click/072513-665112-apple-customers-might-w
ait-for-iphone-6-to-upgrade.htm [IPHONEYS: The iPhone 6 & iPhone 5S edition] And
it's not just his opinion. There's a stock analyst, Chris Caso, of Susquehanna
Financial Group, who share his opinion.

In fact, Caso seems deeply, deeply worried.

"The consumer reaction to iPhone 5S is, of course, unknowable at this point, but
we worry this could be the first iPhone launch that doesn't generate lines on
launch day," Caso wrote in a Note To Investors this week.

That's because they'll be so disappointed in the 5S that they'll decide to wait
until the Majorly Upgraded iPhone 6 is released in 2014.

"The iPhone 5S is expected to be an incremental release, with the same look as
the current iPhone 5 but with new components and features," according to Seitz,
who shows just how conventional Conventional Wisdom really is. "The most talked
about potential feature is a fingerprint-reader for security and perhaps mobile
payments."

Frankly, The Rollup is quivering...just quivering...with anticipation over this
most-talked-about fingerprint reader. If that doesn't spell "breakthrough killer
awesome magical feature" what does?

"Apple's next major update won't be until the iPhone 6, which could ship in
early 2014, Caso says. That phone is likely to feature a bigger display to
compete with handsets from Samsung, HTC and others that have 5-inch screens."
That makes perfect sense. The world's best selling smartphone model needs to
compete with all those other models that are each selling fewer units than Apple
is.

According to Seitz' post, Caso believes that the "most compelling" iPhone
feature that Apple could offer is a larger screen.

"My thesis is that it comes next year, earlier in the year rather than later in
the year," Caso says. "And that's the real reason to own Apple stock."

The Rollup's thesis is that we are fortunate that Caso isn't designing Apple's
iPhones.

Caso is something of an Industry Worrier. In December 2012, he infected
BusinessInsider's Jay Yarrow with worries about sales of the iPhone 5. Yarrow
sounded close to despair in his post. "Apple's stock is down today, and the
reason seems to be another brutal report about the state of iPhone demand," he
began.

"But there's something about Caso's report that's stronger than the other
reports we've read," he continues. "Maybe it's that he's more through and
convincing. Whatever the case may be, it sounds really bad for Apple."

Really bad. Really, really bad for Apple.

"From our perspective, the difference seems to be that Caso isn't alone in his
call. Lots of analysts are worried about iPhone 5 production and demand."

Lots of analysts. Lots and lots of them.

Caso's report then was especially worrying to Yarrow because it was different.
The difference is, first, that it's stronger than the other reports and, second,
because it's...uh, just like the other reports.

The only problem with this worry is that it was, and is, completely unfounded.
Because people, who aren't analysts and bloggers, have been buying iPhones in
very large numbers.

The iPhone 5, announced in September 2012, was widely and wildly trashed by
bloggers, tech sites, analysts for looking so much like the iPhone 4S and
lacking stuff like near-field communications and a 5-inch screen and mobile
payments and a quad-core processor. It seemed like everyone was unhappy with
it...except for the millions and millions of people who bought it. And the other
millions who went out and happily bought iPhone models that were one and two
years old - iPhone 4 and iPhone 4S.

Apple, almost alone of the smartphone makers, seems to have created a product
that people value and trust, less for some shallow idea of "innovation" and more
for its reliability, beauty, quality, and capacity to do the jobs for which
people "hire" it.

IPhone 4S and iPhone 5 were slammed by media and analysts for lacking
innovation. Yet both of those have gone on to be their best-selling iPhone
models.

Seitz concludes his post with this: "Apple late Tuesday, however, reported
better-than-expected June-quarter results [and record iPhone sales for Q3], and
shares rose 5.1% on Wednesday."

Doh.

iPhone 5S, iPhone 6 will have Killer Patented Inventions Here's the clickbait
headline at International Business Times: "3 Likely Killer Features for iPhone
6, iPhone 5S Release Date: Precognitive Battery Use, Smart Call Management &
Dual-Sensor Camera."

And here's how IBT's Erik Pineda launches his post:  "New patents from Apple,
approved and under processing, gave hints on upcoming power features that both
the iPhone 6 and iPhone 5S will showcase on release date, likely to be
integrated with the recently revamped iOS 7."

Of course, these patents, like all the others, do no such thing.

Pineda, as is typical for IBT, grabs his information from an AppleInsider post
by Mikey Campbell. Pineda finally mentions that website but doesn't link to
Campbell's post or, as Campbell does, to the actual patent application.  The
first thing one notices in just glancing at the application is that it was filed
in January 2012. Apple may indeed implement this battery optimization invention
in a future iPhone, but it's not going to be in the 2013 iPhone. Quite apart
from the time and effort required to make any invention reproducible
cost-effectively on a mass scale, each iPhone is in development for years, not
months.

Campbell gives a straightforward account of the invention described in Apple's
application. "To help reduce power consumption, Apple proposes a system that can
compare the estimated time period a user will spend on their device with battery
reserves, determining whether the device has sufficient power to last for said
period. If the battery does not have sufficient power, the system will adjust
"one or more characteristics" to conserve energy."

IBT ransacks other recent patent applications and AppleInsider posts in the same
way, noting one invention that lets users "actively engage on social media
activities even in the middle of active call but the conversation must be put on
hold prior to sharing moments captured in images. File sharing is also
possible." OK. We can see how that works: talking on your phone while
simultaneously updating your Facebook page or tweeting. Somehow.

Pineda: "Basically, the system allows access of contents in a given handset
during active calls, opening up a gateway for the following: pictures, music,
videos, status updates, upcoming calendar events and location information while
talking...."

Glad we cleared that up.

Yet another is an invention "that will employ multiple sensors in capturing
high-quality images with fewer flaws. The invention is described as 'a unique
technology that can interleave imaging data from two or more imaging sensors,
resulting in higher quality photos than a setup with a single sensor.'" Killer
inventions each and every one, for sure. Just don't expect them as features on
the 2013 iPhone.

iPhone 5S, and "plastic iPhones" release will lead to canceling of the iPhone 5
Breaking with past practice, Apple plans to announce the iPhone 5S along with
its new line of "plastic iPhones" and scrap the iPhone 5, instead of continuing
to offer one version of it at a discount.

At least that's how MacRumors' Richard Padilla interprets a barflegabbing Google
Translation of a post at Korea's ETNews.com.

"Apple has been presumed to be discontinuing the iPhone 4 and 4S in order to
make way for an all-Lightning [dock connector] iPhone lineup...," according to
Padilla. The fate of the current iPhone 5 has, however, not been the subject of
much discussion as it has remained unclear whether the new lineup of iPhone 5S
and plastic iPhone would leave room for Apple to continue offering an iPhone 5
model."

In just two sentences, Padilla presents a mare's nest of casual and confident
assumptions, all largely unexamined in the rest of his post. The reason that
it's not been the subject of, from the rollup can tell, any discussion until now
is that it doesn't make a whole lot of sense.

The Google Translation of the ETNews post in Korean is here.

Based on the translation, Padilla writes that "Apple will be discontinuing
production of the iPhone 5 in the fall, instead putting all of its efforts
towards the iPhone 5S and the rumored entry-level plastic iPhone." Presumably
because there's no "room" - whatever that means - for continuing a lower-priced
iPhone 5 if you have those cool low-priced Plastic iPhones that the world's
value-conscious proletariat is so anxiously awaiting.

Yet, for its current fiscal year, Apple's iPhone sales have been buoyed by
strong (surprisingly strong, to many) sales of iPhone 4 and iPhone 4S,
especially in emerging markets, according to Apple CEO Tim Cook, in the
company's recent third quarter earnings conference call.

"Apple already sells millions of discounted smartphones, said Michael Levin,
co-founder of Chicago-based Consumer Intelligence Research Partners (CIRP):
They're the iPhone 4 and iPhone 4S," reports Computerworld's Greg Keizer.  CIRP
surveyed 500 U.S. Apple customers in July and found that nearly half of the
iPhones bought between April and June were the older iPhone 4 and iPhone 4S
models. "Together, the two accounted for 48% of all iPhone purchases, with the
remainder going to the flagship iPhone 5," according to Keizer.

"Eighteen percent of all Apple smartphones sold were the iPhone 4, a 2010
smartphone that Apple and its U.S. carrier partners give away when customers
sign a two-year contract. Almost double that -- 30% -- were iPhone 4S
smartphones, a 2011 model priced at $99 with a contract, half the $199 of the
subsidized iPhone 5."

As Levin says: "We don't understand the call for a lower-priced iPhone, at least
in the U.S. You can't get lower than zero."

Quite.

MacRumors' Padilla recounts that the ETNews post "claims that the in-cell
technology used on the iPhone 5's touchscreen is 'not suitable for low-volume
production,' contributing to Apple's decision to stop production on the phone
and focus all of its efforts toward producing parts for newer products."

We're not sure what ETNews or Padilla mean by "low-volume" production, but based
on this past year's success of the iPhone 4 and 4S, Apple could confidently
expect to sell millions more units of iPhone 5, the most popular iPhone model
yet released, in the year following the release of the 2013 iPhone. Even if the
Next iPhone has all the Killer Features that the technorati lust for, it still
wouldn't obsolete the iPhone 5, or even the iPhone 4S.

The quality of those handsets, and their continuing desirability, is revealed in
the trade-in programs offered by Apple's retail partners: those programs, as
Apple CEO Tim Cook acknowledged in the most recent earnings call, are lucrative
for retailers because the older model iPhones retain so much of their value in
the eyes of buyers.

Apple began discounting the older iPhone models starting in 2009. In the
Computerworld story, CIRP's Levin says "In October 2012, just before the launch
of the iPhone 5, so-called 'legacy' [iPhone] models accounted for 32% of all
iPhone sales. Since then, the legacy share has reached or neared 50% in
subsequent surveys."   "The legacy iPhones are still quite compelling," Levin
argued.

Quite.

iPhone 6 fan art gossip "reveals" foldable form factor "[C]onsumers love to
drool over gossip and today Pritesh Chavan's concept iPhone 6 will surely make
you crazy, if not insane," writes Anuj Bhatia in a post at Gizbot. "The first
and foremost, would you like to buy a 3-in-one Apple device? A good look at the
concept gives you an idea of what the future looks like."

[Latest Apple iPhone 6 concept design: 3 devices in 1] If there's one thing that
iPhone fan art is good for, it's giving us an idea of what the future looks
like.

And here it is, the iPhone that looks like a baked falafel sandwich, and folds
out into two additional screen sizes. We knew those flexible screens would
eventually be good for something.

iPhone 6 or 6/7 is actually the Plastic iPhone Although not rising to the level
of watching a star being created in the Carina Nebula, you can see a rumor being
born from other rumors over at the iMore forums.

Earlier this month, the French tech site, Nowhereelse.fr, created a stir (as
noted by MacRumors among many others) when it published photos showing what
appeared to be the rear shell of the rumored low-cost plastic iPhone, in a
rainbow of colors.  For one member of iMore's forum, it was like, well, like an
asteroid through the window.

"It just came to me like an asteroid through a window," wrote boovish, an "iMore
Beginner." "Is it so crazy that this [the plastic phones above] could be the
iPhone 6/7? It would be like the 3G/S but it would come in a whole bunch of
different colors to match iOS 7's Crazy color scheme."

The idea apparently struck boovish's fellow posters as exactly that: so crazy.

"That would be a HUGE backwards leap. NO WAY Apple goes this route," replied
rdiddy_25.

Fausty82 was blunter. "I'm calling BS on this ... just not going to happen."

Boovish deserves an "A" for effort, though.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network
World.Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

iPhone 6 reveal comes with praise, criticism

BYLINE: Shea Conner, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 846 words


Sept. 15--Apple's new pair of iPhones definitely got bigger, but whether they
got better is entirely up for debate.

When they hit stores on Sept. 19, the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will
certainly offer improvements over the generation of iPhone 5 models. The 6 and 6
Plus will respectively have 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch displays, larger than the
current 4-inch screen. Notably, both phones will be thinner than the iPhone 5,
with a rounded, more comfortable design. They'll also boast longer battery life.

Both also will have a brand-new 8-megapixel camera, which now has phase-detect
autofocus, a feature that's only recently come to digital cameras without
mirrors. The camera will perform far better in low light, and the iPhone 6 Plus
will shoot video at up to 240 frames per second for creating super slow-mo
shots. The front-facing camera was also given some major upgrades.

Of course, the reason many Apple lovers will make the upgrade is because the
iPhone will run on the clean and basic but advanced iOS 8.

Apple plans to sell the larger 5.5-inch model starting at $299 with a two-year
carrier contract, higher than the $199 price for its current high-end iPhone 5S.
The company says the 4.7-inch iPhone will start at $199 with a contract.

"Today, we are launching the biggest advancement in the history of iPhone,"
Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook said at the unveiling event on Sept. 9, in which
the Apple Watch smartwatch and the pay system Apple Pay also were announced.

Like any big Apple rollout, however, criticism didn't trail far behind. Many
felt that the iPhone 6 was merely playing catch-up with large smartphones like
the Samsung Galaxy Note 4. Some even joked that the new iPhone 6 had almost
identical specifications and features as LG's Google Nexus 4, which was released
nearly two years ago.

There was definitely some truth behind the snide remarks.

The lack of a large screen was becoming a liability for Apple as it tried to
keep its grip on the high-end smartphone market. According to market research
firm Canalys, phones with screens larger than 5 inches accounted for nearly 40
percent of global smartphone shipments in the second quarter of 2014, up 19
percent from a year earlier.

Apple's main smartphone rival, Samsung, pushed aggressively into larger-size
smartphones, using its bigger screens as a key differentiator from the iPhone.
According to Canalys, Samsung is the leading seller of smartphones with screens
of 5 inches or larger, grabbing 34 percent of the market.

So now we arrive at the billion-dollar question: Can the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus reach past the Apple loyalists and regain dominance in the smartphone
market? Here's a sample of what consumer technology experts have had to say.

David Pogue, Yahoo! Tech: "The Android/iPhone religious war will certainly
continue. Each of these ecosystems locks you in, making you grouchy about the
opposing camp's attractive features. But if it's too inflammatory to say that
the iPhone 6 looks fantastic, let's at least say this: Apple fans who'd been
looking longingly at the big-screen progress in Android phones will no longer
feel left behind."

Jean-Baptiste Su, Forbes: "'No one's going to buy a big phone,' mocked Steve
Jobs when asked about large smartphones at a press conference. ... Needless to
say, there's one thing I think we can all agree on: Steve Jobs is probably
rolling in his grave right now."

Rob Enderle, technology analyst: "The iPhone 6 is an attractive me-too product,
but nothing to pull you across. There's no revolution here and Apple is losing
its innovative soul chasing after Android and Windows rivals with bigger-sized
iPhones, while still lagging on fundamental features like screen and camera
resolutions and inductive charging."

Angela Watercutter, Wired: "Amidst all the hoopla over the new iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus and their motion processors, faster CPUs, and larger screens, it
was also announced that Apple's latest smartphones would have a much better
camera. And while that's great news for those looking to take less-wack selfies
at the bar, the new video features that come along with it mean something else:
a high-quality camera filmmakers -- and those who aspire to be -- can keep in
their pockets.

Jan Dawson, Jackdaw Research: "The new phones should dramatically expand the
size of the opportunity for the iPhone, which has been artificially limited by
its small screen size. The iPhone will now definitely have its largest quarter
ever."

Eugene Kim, PCMag.com: "Apple was obstinate in the face of market forces for
years, but with the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, it appears ready to admit that people
want bigger phones. Samsung had a healthy head start, and it certainly has a
winner in the Galaxy S5. We're not calling this one until we get the new iPhones
into our labs."

Shea Conner can be reached at shea.conner@newspressnow.com Follow him on
Twitter: @stjoelivedotcom.

___ (c)2014 the St. Joseph News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) Visit the St. Joseph
News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) at www.newspressnow.com/index.html Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140915-JM-iPhone-6-reveal-comes-with-praise-criticism-0915-20140915

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JM


                      Copyright 2014 St. Joseph News-Press


                              84 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                             June 14, 2013, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending June 14;
Hazy on details, for iPhone 5S, ginormous screens

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1946 words


Think of Apple's Worldwide Developer Conference this week as a giant tea cup,
drained to the dregs of loose leaf teaand the entire iOSphere leaning-in to read
the soggy remains and figure out what the heck is happening with iPhone 6.

In the WWDC aftermath, it's clear that CEO Tim Cook has been successful in his
pledge to "double down on secrecy." The iOSphere is reading the WWDC tea leaves
for the future iPhone plans. But no one seems to know any more about them today
than we knew following the announcement of iPhone 5 in October 2012.

[RELATED: 10 takeaways from Apple's WWDC] [MORE: 14 manliest high-tech Father's
Day gifts] This week: iOS 7 gives clues and cues about the Next iPhones, though
the details are actually kind of hazy. Quite hazy, actually.

Also there is no iPhone 5S. Just accept that. And the Next iPhone will have
ginormous screens. Unless that's a fabrication or a typo.

You read it here second.

___________"I can't help but think that Cook, Ive, and the rest of the Apple
team won't be able to resist matching the biggest change in iOS since its
launch, with a big iPhone hardware change too."~ Vincent Nguyen, Slashgear,
explaining his reasoning on why the Next iPhone will be a Big Change.__________
iPhone 6 features revealed or at least hinted at in iOS 7...kind of Since there
were no iPhone announcements at WWDC, the iOSphere "analyzed" iOS 7 to discover
clues, cues, hints, indications, intimations, suggestions or traces that point
to the next iPhones.

It was a mixed bag.

Slashgear started off promisingly, with the headline "iOS 7 and the rebirth of
iPhone," a post by Vincent Nguyen. "[A]lready I'm confident that iOS 7 will
bring me back over from Android, not to mention open the door to some hardware
surprises later in the year," he writes.

What might those surprises be, and how might they be the rebirth of the iPhone?
Oddly, Nguyen never actually says.

"What I'm left expecting, though, is something equally pivotal to run it on," he
writes. "The current thinking is that Apple's next smartphone will be the iPhone
5S, a more subtle update to the existing phone, with a significant refresh
[considered to be iPhone 6] waiting until 2014. I can't help but think that
Cook, Ive, and the rest of the Apple team won't be able to resist matching the
biggest change in iOS since its launch, with a big iPhone hardware change too."

What could this big iPhone hardware change be? Probably not a bigger screen,
Nguyen says, surprisingly. "The display is still likely to be a 4-inch Retina
panel, since that satisfies that all-important one-handed use issue...."

His best guess? The phone will, somehow, be inspired by the new Mac Pro. "I'd
guess at a form-factor that borrows cues from the other eye-catching part of the
WWDC keynote, the new Mac Pro," Nguyen reasons. "That, with its crisply
minimalistic polished aluminum enclosure, is the new pinnacle of Apple's design
ethos, and would be a great starting point to build the new iPhone from."

We're not exactly sure what he means by this. The iPhone 5 already has a pretty
crisply minimalistic aluminum enclosure. And the photo with his post shows only
the interior of the Mac Pro, with its vaguely steampunkish aesthetic, rather
than the smooth, polished aluminum shell that covers it.

"Which phone works most effectively for me; which implements its features in
ways that look and operate the most successfully," Nguyen wonders. "Already, I'm
seeing a whole lot to iOS 7 that signals it will deliver on that." But, again,
he never really explains what the "whole lot" is that he's seeing.

GottaBeMobile's Josh Smith seems convinced that iOS 7 shows or at least "hints"
that the Next Big Thing in the Next iPhone is precisely what Nguyen discounts: a
bigger screen. He makes his case in his post, "iPhone 6 Hints From iOS 7" but
especially in his companion 3:47-minute YouTube video, which neatly shows some
of the new features in the iOS 7 beta installed on his iPhone 5.

Here's his main assumption: iOS 7 lets you swipe, from wider areas onscreen, to
do more tasks "and the swipes are not limited to small touch points." Therefore,
as he says, "All of these small changes make it easier to use a larger display
iPhone 6 with one hand because there is not a need to reach to a corner or hit
small touch points."

He also argues that the "improved landscape support" in iOS 7, meaning when you
hold the phone horizontally, is "a small step towards better support for
landscape on the [future, bigger-screened] iPhone. The iPad and iPad mini offer
landscape support throughout and it is a big part of how many use those
devices."

"Why are we talking about an iPhone 6 with a larger display already?" he asks.
Good question. The not-very-good answer: "Well, rumors point to an iPhone 6 in
2014 that includes a larger display."

This seems kind of like the "if all you have is a hammer, then everything looks
like a nail" idea. The problem with the iPhone, according to one group of
critics, is that increasing the screen to 4.0 inches means it's still small
compared to 5.0 or 5.5 or 6.0 or even 4.8. So Apple must release a larger-screen
phone; and therefore the UI changes in iOS 7 have been made for that purpose.

iPhone 5S doesn't exist so plan on the iPhone 6 The irrepressible Will Stabley,
founder of StableyTimes, was one of the very very few in the iOSphere who could
discern what WWDC truly revealed about the Next iPhone.

His post, "iPhone 6: six things Apple, Tim Cook, and iOS 7 just told us about
it," is a model of decisiveness: "There is no iPhone 5S."

One of the six things is "What it looks like." Stabley: "During the iOS 7 demos
Apple included the image to the left, which looks unlike any current or past
iPhone. Either it's the iPhone 6 or Apple has now taken to using meaningless
stub graphics of imaginary Apple devices in its keynote presentations. There is
no iPhone 5S: Apple didn't completely redesign iOS just to have it run on the
same old hardware, so look for the iPhone 6 to directly follow the iPhone 5."

You didn't realize that the "S" in 5S stood for "same old hardware."

He also discovered "When the iPhone 6 is arriving." His reasoning goes like
this: "Apple says iOS 7 is arriving in the fall, which according to the 2013
calendar means anywhere from September 22nd to December 20th. That's right, the
technical definition of fall is a bit skewed from what most people commonly
consider it to be. But Apple has never launched a new iPhone later than mid
October. [Apple has announced exactly two of six iPhones in the fall, Oct. 2011,
Sept. 2012.] In other words, look for the iPhone 6 in September. Unless "fall"
was a worst case scenario estimate in case iOS 7 beta testing progresses slowly,
in which case an August release may not be out of the question. But what Apple
really told us is that it doesn't precisely know when it'll launch the iPhone 6.
"

Not only do we not know when the iPhone 6 is arriving, but no one at Apple does
either.

iPhone 6 will have bigger screen(s) A very carefully worded Reuters story is,
despite that care, already being widely misinterpreted as saying that Apple is
set to announce two new iPhones, one with a 4.7-inch screen and one with a
5.7-inch screen.

The Reuters headline is strikingly odd: "Apple looking at bigger iPhone screens,
multiple colors - sources." It's odd because most headlines don't feature
"sources." It's as if Reuters is assuring readers "we got more than one person
talking to us about this! It's not a rumor! Trust us!"

There are four sources, in fact: "people with knowledge of the matter" who
shared that knowledge with Reuters reporters Clare Jim, Reiji Murai and Poornima
Gupta.

Here's the opening: "Apple Inc is exploring launching iPhones with bigger
screens, as well as cheaper models in a range of colors, over the next year,
said four people with knowledge of the matter, as it takes a cue from rival
Samsung Electronics."

A bit later, it adds this: "Apple is looking at introducing at least two bigger
iPhones next year - one with a 4.7-inch screen and one with a 5.7-inch screen -
said the sources, including those in the supply chain in Asia. They said
suppliers have been approached with plans for the larger screens, but noted it
is still unclear whether Apple will actually launch its flagship product in the
larger sizes."

[In the first of two posts on this story, with no links to it or even mentioning
Reuters, Will Stabley of the eponymous StableyTimes ("a new kind of news"),
claims this is pure rumor mongering: "So when this morning's rumor dropped that
the iPhone 6 will be an ungodly five and three quarter inches large, instead of
recognizing it for the fabrication of typo [apparently intended as "fabrication
or typo"] that it is, the industry is attempting to match up the '5.7 inch
iPhone 6' claim with their imaginary multi-billion dollar phablet market." In
March Samsung announced the ungodly 6.3-inch Galaxy Mega.] The key words in the
two Reuters paragraphs above are "exploring" and "looking at." It's almost a
certainty that Apple has been exploring and looking at different screen sizes
for the iPhone (and iPad) for years, because it takes years for complex
electronics products to be designed, tested, redesigned, finalized, and
manufactured, marketed, distributed and sold at scale.

At bottom, the Reuters story describes not the next iPhone or even next year's
iPhone, but the process through which Apple develops the iPhone, by working with
an intricate network of suppliers and other partners. The story itself alludes
to this: "'They [Apple] constantly change product specifications almost to the
final moment, so you're not really sure whether this is the final prototype,'
said one person with direct knowledge of the matter."

As the Reuters story notes, Apple CEO Tim Cook was asked during an interview at
May's AllThingsD conference "why Apple hasn't launched different sized iPhones."
His reply: "We haven't so far. That doesn't shut off the future."

Of course it doesn't. That reply actually says far more than it first seems to.
Asymco's Horace Dediu offered his interpretation of Cook's full set of remarks
on this subject.

One of Dediu's points is this: "The [extended] iPhone portfolio may still
arrive. It hasn't so far because the cost/benefit is not there for Apple. On one
hand it would take a great deal more sourcing effort and risk while dealing with
constraints in production. On the other it would not offer meaningful additions
to the customer base. At least so far. The economics and the demand may change
(or have changed) and the time will come for a broader portfolio."

A cost/benefit analysis is a moving target, because the economics involved and
demand are constantly changing. Apple is paying attention to these changes, and
to its markets. It's clear that so far - up to the release of the iPhone 5 -
Apple's analysis of the cost/benefit is dramatically different from that of much
of the iOSphere.

How might that portfolio extension be made? As Dediu interprets Cook, "changing
screen size is one dimension but it has to be balanced by performance gains that
don't detract from other dimensions. Engineering is all about compromise and
consumers pay Apple to make these compromises in an intelligent way. Apple does
not come to an answer to the question of balance by launching many products and
seeing what works. It cannot afford to dilute its brand with a long list of
failures. Other brands may not be affected by trial-and-error approaches to the
market but they are discounted by the customer accordingly."

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network
World.Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

With New iPhones, What's Inside Counts

BYLINE: By MOLLY WOOD.

Email: molly.wood@nytimes.com; Twitter: @mollywood

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; MACHINE LEARNING; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1174 words


Bigger. Bigger. Bigger.

The new Apple iPhones going on sale this week, the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6
Plus, have crisper screens, faster processors and sharper cameras.

And, as you might have heard, they are also bigger than previous iPhones -- the
6 Plus by a long shot -- joining the stampede toward bigger handsets.

But after almost a week of trying the phones, it became clear that the hardware
was not the best part of the package. In its quest to deliver bigger phones to a
market clamoring for them, Apple has made one phone that is actually a little
too small and one that's a little too big. (Apple lent The New York Times an
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus under the condition that a review would be not be
published before Tuesday at 9 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time.)

The best part of the new phones is actually the new software inside, which is
available for some older models, too, starting on Wednesday. The software, iOS
8, combines some of the advanced features of Android with Apple's ease of use
and reliability.

Because of the software, it's hard to see many iPhone fans straying from Apple,
even if they don't buy new iPhones immediately.

The iPhone 6 is a 4.7-inch device, up from four inches on the iPhone 5 and 5S.
It's a little wider than those phones, too.

Those dimensions make it slightly smaller than the top Android and Windows
devices on the market, helping it fit easily in jeans pockets. Compared with a
Samsung Galaxy S5 or the HTC One (M8), though, the iPhone 6 screen feels
constrained. The iPhone 6 starts at $200 with a new contract.

The iPhone 6 Plus is a behemoth. It has the same size display as the LG G3, at
5.5 inches, but is significantly taller. It's longer even than the Galaxy Note
3, which has a 5.7-inch display. It starts at $300 with a new contract.

Both the 6 and 6 Plus get thinner, flatter and more rounded shapes than their
predecessors, losing the squared-off sides on the more recent models. The effect
looks sleek, but feels slippery. Dropping seems imminent as you stretch your
thumb across the larger screens.

Apple takes some small steps to mitigate the finger stretch with a feature
called Reachability, which lets you touch (not press) the home button twice to
shift the screen down to the bottom half of the display.

The feature works nicely for one-handed scrolling and finding app icons, but it
doesn't do much else. If you're in an email, for example, you can't get access
to any actions like Reply or Archive.

Apple could have taken a cue from other makers of so-called phablets (a blend of
the words ''phone'' and ''tablet'') and come up with powerful ways to take
advantage of those bigger screens.

For example, the forthcoming Samsung Galaxy Note 4 will let users resize app
windows using a finger or stylus and view multiple windows simultaneously on its
5.7-inch display, as on a desktop computer. The 5.5-inch LG G3 lets you open two
apps at once and resize them as you like.

The iPhones do include some tricks created for bigger phones, like a zoom
feature that lets you subtly increase the size of app icons and text in native
apps.

And when you turn the phones sideways, into landscape mode, the keyboard in the
built-in apps like Mail and Messages has more options -- a microphone, undo key,
period and comma and others on the iPhone 6, and even more on the iPhone 6 Plus,
like dedicated copy and paste keys.

Those extra iPhone 6 Plus keys disappear if you choose the zoomed display,
however. And the iPhone 6 Plus is so big that in landscape mode, I had a hard
time reaching the keys to type.

Even the built-in Apple keyboard doesn't get any extra keys when holding the
phone upright, the way the Samsung and LG keyboards include number keys above
the letters, and period and comma keys.

As for the features that people love about their iPhones, they only get better.
The iPhone 6 cameras, for example, are outstanding.

Both rear-facing cameras have new sensors that deliver faster autofocus, better
face detection and the ability to capture high-resolution panoramas. The faster
focus is immediately obvious, even in casual use.

The iPhone 6 Plus in particular uses optical image stabilization to deliver
better photos in low light and reduce overall shake and blur. Sadly, that nice
feature is not on the iPhone 6.

And filmmakers are swooning over the iPhones' high-definition video, faster
frame rates (which lead to smoother video) and higher-quality slow-motion
capture. Cinematic video stabilization helps smooth out video taken while moving
and a time lapse mode snaps a shot every second or so and stitches them
together.

Of course, all the videos and photos look great on the bigger screens,
especially the iPhone 6 Plus. For camera buffs, that bigger phone is likely to
be a must-have.

Call quality on the new phones is excellent and I found battery life on the
smaller iPhone 6 to be impressive. I went almost two full days without a charge.
Battery life on the iPhone 6 Plus is more like a day of constant use and not
much more, but that's not terrible on a phone that size.

The real magic, though, happens because of Apple's new operating system.

The iOS 8 software doesn't look greatly different, but many refinements make it
more powerful and flexible. Some of the features catch up to competitors and
some are totally new.

The upgrade adds iCloud Drive, for example, which lets you more easily share
documents across devices, as you can with Dropbox or Google Drive. A Family
Sharing feature will let you share your purchased books, movies, music and some
apps with up to six family members, so they don't have to log in to your account
to watch a movie or use an app you have purchased.

After OS X Yosemite, the new operating system for Macs, is released in October,
Apple's Continuity feature will let you view incoming text messages across all
devices, hand off documents between a phone and computer and send a text or make
a call from your Mac.

Smaller improvements -- expiring messages and voice memos, Spotlight searches
that include web results, and recently used contacts that show up when you
double-press the home button to switch between or close apps -- add up to a
refined mobile OS.

Some of the features aren't perfect, and many of the sexier features are still
down the road. Right now, for example, the Health app simply doesn't do much. It
depends on integration with third-party apps (scheduled for release with the
phones) and the coming Apple Watch.

The new operating system comes on the new phones and can be installed this week
on the iPhone 5S, 5 and 4S. People who have those phones and whose two-year
cellphone contracts have not yet expired can rest easy. They will get many of
the best features of this year's upgrade cycle.

The slim new iPhones aren't a big-screen slam-dunk, but they work well, as we
have come to expect from Apple. Ultimately, it's what's on the inside that keeps
them just in front of their competitors.

Every weekday, get the latest news and analysis about the technology industry
delivered to your inbox. Sign up for the Bits Tech Update here.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/09/17/technology/personaltech/review-and-video-with-
new-iphone-6-and-6-plus-its-whats-inside-that-counts.html

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: The iPhone 6, left, and the iPhone 6 Plus have crisper screens
and sharper cameras. (B1)
 The iPhone 6 Plus is very large and has the same size display as the LG G3, at
5.5 inches, but is significantly taller. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JIM WILSON/THE NEW YORK
TIMES) (B8)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              86 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

Hands on with the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus

LENGTH: 467  words


The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus have landed in the UAE and you can either wait
one week and hope to get an official unit through du or Etisalat (stocks will be
very limited from what I've heard) or try your luck with the grey imports (but
be prepared to lose a kidney.) The good [...]
The post Hands on with the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus appeared first on
tbreak.ae.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus have landed in the UAE and you can either wait
one week and hope to get an official unit through du or Etisalat (stocks will be
very limited from what I've heard) or try your luck with the grey imports (but
be prepared to lose a kidney.)

The good folks at JadoPado invited me to get a hands-on session with both the
new iPhones at their office earlier today and here are some quick thoughts on
how I feel about the two new phones from Apple after playing with them for a few
minutes.

1) I wasn't as impressed with the design as I've been with previous iPhones. The
antenna lines running on the back of the device spoil the look. I believe the
iPhone 6 would have looked much nicer without those.

2) The protruding camera bothers me and makes the iPhone 6 look like a device
that is not from Apple. Although it rests well on a flat service and won't rock
because of the camera unless you really make it to, it's something I never
thought I'd see in an Apple product. It's the attention to detail that had made
me a fan of Apple.

3) I got to play with the silver model and the white front is a bit too glossy
for my liking. I didn't see the gold version but I'm assuming it has a similar
front. This means that I'll probably end up buying the space grey.

4) The iPhone 6 Plus isn't as big and much lighter than what I was expecting it
to be. I've been using the Sony Xperia Z2 as my primary Android phone and the
iPhone 6 Plus isn't a whole lot bigger. I was set on getting the 4.7-inch iPhone
6 but playing with the Plus made be reconsider.

5) The camera on both the new phones is super fast. It would focus and snap on
objects faster than any other phone I've tested. While the pictures looked
pretty good on the smaller screen, I'll save my judgement on when I get my own
iPhone 6 and see them on the big screen.

So there you have it- some quick thoughts on the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.
Strangely after playing with them, I did not have the urge to go buy one
immediately. That doesn't mean that I won't buy one but I'll wait for the
official units to be released next week or ask someone going to the US/UK to
pick one up for me.

But if you're the kind who wants to have one right now then I suggest heading
over to JadoPado and placing your order fast. They have a very limited stock and
I doubt these units will stick around.

The post Hands on with the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus appeared first on
tbreak.ae.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2014 TBREAK MEDIA
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                     January 26, 2016 Tuesday 11:08 AM EST

Would Apple's rumored 4-inch 'iPhone 5se' be a premium or value-priced
smartphone?

BYLINE: Steven Max Patterson

SECTION: NEWSANALYSIS

LENGTH: 699  words


Click for image

Recent reports at 9to5Mac claim Apple plans to introduce a 4-inch iPhone 5se at
its event on March 14. Would an iPhone 5se replace the entry-level $450 iPhone
5s, or would it be a full-featured, full-priced member of the iPhone family?

Considering this rumored iPhone alongside what's selling, and in light of
Apple's product history, suggests the company would favor releasing a premium,
albeit smaller-sized, iPhone.

Let's start with the features that 9to5Mac has told us about:


     ·    Elegant, smooth rounded edges and form like the iPhone 6 and 6s.



     ·    Same color options as the 6s line: silver, space gray, gold, and rose
          gold.



     ·    Same 8-megapixel rear camera and 1.2-megapixel front camera as the
          iPhone 6.



     ·    Support for larger panoramas and autofocus for video recording.



     ·    Barometer for tracking elevation in the Health app.



     ·    An NFC chip for Apple Pay.



     ·    The A8 and M8 chips from the iPhone 6, or possibly the A9 with
          integrated M9 from the 6s.



     ·    Bluetooth 4.2, VoLTE, and 802.11ac Wi-Fi chips.



     ·    Live Photos



     ·    Always on Siri


What would iPhone 5se pricing look like?

The iPhone 5se could just be a refresh of the iPhone 5s with the smooth-rounded
design of the iPhone 6 and 6s, but priced at $450. Right now, Apple sells the
best iPhone, the 6s, for $650; the one-year-old iPhone 6 for $550; and the
two-year-old iPhone 5s for $450. An iPhone 5s refresh would position the new
phone as the value-priced bottom end.

The reported 5se features are identical to last year's iPhone 6, except for its
size. Repackaging the iPhone 6 into a 4-inch form factor would harmonize the
design of the new iPhone with the iPhone 6 and 6s. The iPhone 6 has moved very
far down the manufacturing learning curve, so an iPhone 5se could be priced
lower than the 5s and remain profitable, making it more competitive against
lower-priced Android phones.

The iPhone 5se will also fill the 4-inch screen size gap. For some people, a
small screen is a desirable feature. People with smaller hands need a smaller
phone for one-handed use. Others prefer a smaller phone that is easier to stow
in a pocket or purse.

How pre-owned iPhones could compete with lower-priced Android phones

A newly designed, low-cost iPhone doesn't ring true with Apple's history. Apple
experimented and failed with the value-priced iPhone 5c, which its loyal fans
seemed to regard as "not really an iPhone."

Apple does, however, need a lower-cost iPhone option to compete with the
lower-cost Android phones that are often available at a 40% discount to the
iPhone. BMW and Mercedes wouldn't compete with low-cost imports by building a
value-priced Chevy.

Instead, Apple could match less-expensive Android alternatives with
lower-priced, refurbished iPhone 6s phones that it gets in return from customers
who signed up for its new one-year upgrade plan. It could be similar to the BMW
or Mercedes certified pre-owned automobile program.

One-year iPhone upgrade plan could be key

The introduction of one-year upgrade program would make this kind of approach
work brilliantly. During the first year, the consumer pays $324, half the retail
cost of the iPhone 6s. The reconditioned returns could be resold for $450, $200
less than the newest iPhone.

Apple will effortlessly sell millions units of the iPhone 7, when it eventually
releases it, to customers who have signed up for it sight unseen, through the
one-year upgrade plan. Apple will simply notify them to roll-over to another
two-year installment-purchase agreement and renew the one-year upgrade option,
giving them the choice of shipment or pick-up at an Apple store.

Why Apple may announce a full-priced iPhone 6se in March

A couple of small tweaks to the features that 9to5Mac reported paints an
entirely different picture, though.

If Apple designed the iPhone 5se with an A9 processor, a fingerprint sensor, the
12-megapixel 1.22µ pixel camera, and 3D Touch (all from the iPhone 6s), it could
offer the new, 4-inch phone that it could sell at full-price. It might more
aptly be called the iPhone 6se instead of 5se.

Introducing an entry-level, low-priced phone cuts across Apple's grain. The real
need for an entry-level iPhone will be met with discounted new production of
older models and certified pre-owned iPhones.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                    September 10, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple launches iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch

LENGTH: 568  words


Apple finally took the wraps off its much awaited biggest-ever variants of
iPhone: the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus. The iPhone 6 comes with a 4.7-inch
display while the Plus in the iPhone 6 Plus indicates a bigger 5.5-inch display.

The company has launched both the phones with retina HD display, which as per
Apple is a new generation of displays.

In terms of specifications, the iPhone 6 Plus flaunst a 5.5-inch display with
1920 x 1080 pixels resolution, which is 185% more pixels than the 5S, and a
broader angle of view. The phone is 7.1mm thin. As suggetsed by the leaks, the
phone gets a different UI which is slightly similar to that seen on the iPad.
The phone does support landscape mode to offer horizontal views and allow an
iPad-like 2 pane display interafce. Apple has introduced new buttons in
landscape mode for easy operations, and allows cut,copy and paste features as
well. Apple iPhone 6 Plus UI takes cues from the iPad.

The iPhone 6 comes with a 4.7-inch display with 1334 x 750 pixels resolution. It
is merely 6.8mm thin.

Both the phones run on Apple A8 chipset with 64-bit processor, which is 2
billion transistors, on a 20nm process. As per the company, it is 13% smaller
than the A7, and offers 20% faster CPU, 50% faster graphics. It is coupled by
the company's M8 motion coprocessor.

Both the iPhones sport an 8-meagpixel iSight rear camera with a 2.1-meagpixel
front facing camera. The rear camera comes with true-tone flash, 1.5 micron
pixels, and F/2.2 aperture. The company has topped the camera feature with
features like 'focus pixels' for continuous auto focus that works automatically
in video, phase detection autofocus for faster autofocus in photos, and improved
features like face detection. The camera also supports Panorama shots with up to
43 megapixels. The Iphone 6 Features what Apple calls as digital image
stablisation, while the iPhone 6 Plus has optical image stabilization.

The phones come with support for full HD (1080p) video recording @30 or 60FPS.
The interesting point is that it can do 240 FPS in slow motion. There are other
features like "cinematic video stabilization," for video recording.

On the software front, the phone runs on the iOS 8, which brings along various
new features and improvements and bug fixes.

In terms of connectivity, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus come with Wi-Fi 802.11 AC, and
support for 20LTE bands. In addition to that, Apple has finally added support
for NFC on its iPhone, to make easy transactions between devices for mobile
payments and other applications. The company has announced its mobile wallet
service named as the Apple Pay t ease the ePayment process.

The iPhone 6 claims 14 hours of 3G talk time, while the iPhone 6 Plus claims 24
hours of talk time on 3G network.

As far as pricing is concerned, the price of the iPhone 6 starts at $199 for
iPhone 6 16GB variant, $299 for 64GB, going up to $399 for 128GB. The price of
the iPhone 6 Plus starts at $299 for 16GB, $399 for 64GB and $499 for 128GB. The
prices are applicable on contract with operstor services, which means that the
phones will be priced at a much higher price point in India. Apple has also
launched new silicon cases and new leather cases for the iPhones.

The phones will be up on pre-order from September 12 in the US, and will be out
on 17th. The phones will come to 115 countries by the end of the year. There is
no information on its launch in India.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Kashmir Monitor (India)

                              May 12, 2014 Monday

Apple iPhone 6: Ten likely features

LENGTH: 884 words

DATELINE: Srinagar


Srinagar, May 12 -- The latest reports on iPhone 6 say that the next-generation
Apple smartphone will come in August, ahead of 'schedule'. The device is
expected to satiate buyers' desire for a big screen and also bring in a few
cutting-edge technologies that will up the ante for other manufacturers.

Here's a look at 10 likely features of iPhone 6...

Bigger display

The biggest selling point of iPhone 6 is said to be larger screen size. Apple is
rumoured to be working on two iPhone 6 variants: one with 4.7-inch and other
5.5-inch display. While the smaller of the two is expected to arrive in August,
its bigger sibling is said to hit the market in September this year.

Sapphire glass screen

Apple uses sapphire glass as coating for the fingerprint sensor and camera of
iPhone 5S, but it may have more plans for the material in iPhone 6. It is
rumoured that iPhone 6 will feature the sapphire glass coating on the whole
display panel, so that it becomes scratch-resistant and shatterproof.

However, KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo has earlier said that this sapphire
glass will be used only in the top-end 64GB variant of 5.5-inch iPhone 6.

It is also rumoured that Apple is making just 10 million units of this panel due
to high production cost; each unit is said to cost $280 to make, while the total
cost of all components of iPhone 5S is $191. This high-component cost will
reportedly push the final retail price of the 64GB iPhone phablet to 8000 yuan
($1,285) in China.

Slightly redesigned look

iPhone 6 is expected to have the same design that Apple has been using since
iPhone 4, but there will be a few tweaks. The edges will be more rounded than
they are in current iPhone models and the new smartphone will look similar to
iPad Air.

Images of iPhone 6 prototypes and dummies suggest the upcoming phones will have
the Power button on the right side, and Volume keys will be long and thin in
shape, instead of round as they are now. The bezels on the sides of the display
are expected to be 10-20% narrower.

Thinnest iPhone yet

Going by leaked prototypes and schematics, the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 is set to
become the thinnest model in the series. It is said to be just 6.2mm in
thickness, making it among the sleekest smartphones at the top-end; in
comparison, iPhone 5S and 5 are 7.6mm thick. The Apple smartphone is said to
measure 150mm in length and 85mm wide.

There is no word yet on the dimensions and overall size of the 5.5-inch iPhone
model.

A8 processor

Apple is expected to finally go quad-core this year, using a four CPU cores in
the A8 processor that will be made on 20nm process. There have been a few
rumours of 2GB RAM as well. iPhone 6's chipset will also be based on 64-bit
architecture, as was the case with iPhone 5S.

8MP camera with protruding lens

While all major smartphone makers opted for 13MP camera in their top products,
Apple stuck by 8MP sensor and that may remain this year as well. However, the
image quality is expected to get a better, even if the megapixel count remains
the same. The camera sensor on the back will protrude a little, leaked
schematics of the phone show.

iPhone 6's camera sensor is said to have f/1.8 aperture, an improvement over the
f/2.2 aperture of iPhone 5S, thus deliver low-light photos. Similar to HTC One
(M8), the Apple smartphone will be able to take blurred photos and add field of
depth. It is also said to have a resin filter that will render clearer shots
with more accurate colours; the smartphone will also feature optical image
stabilization.

iOS 8

Apple is expected to showcase features of iOS 8 at WWDC developer conference in
June this year, but the operating system will be available for public only when
iPhone 6 hits the market. As per a leaked screenshot, the OS will be optimized
for bigger screens and will show seven rows of apps, compared to six rows in
4-inch iPhones.

Some of the apps that will make their debut with iOS 8 are CarPlay, Healthbook
and Watch Utility. iTunes Radio, which is part of Music app right now, will
become a standalone app in iOS 8.

Healthbook

One of the new software features of iPhone 6 will be Healthbook, an app that
will focus on users' fitness. This app will be able to monitor and store fitness
data of users, such as steps taken, calories burned and miles walked. It will
also be able to manage and track weight loss.

Other features likely to be included are ability to track blood pressure,
hydration levels, heart rate etc. If users provide information about the
medication prescribed to them, the Healthbook app will remind them of taking the
same at the scheduled time.

Solar charging

Integrating solar charging in iPhone 6 is expected to be Apple's take on
wireless charging. It is rumoured that the smartphone will have solar panels
encased in sapphire glass, so that it can be charged without plugging in the
charger.

NFC

Apple is expected to join the NFC bandwagon this year with iPhone 6, and give a
big boost to the mobile payment industry. It is expected that iPhone 6 will use
a combination of fingerprint scanning and NFC to confirm mobile payments with
just a swipe on the Home button.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Kashmir Monitor. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 The Kashmir Monitor
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                     December 27, 2014 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

You May Soon Get iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus For Zero Down Payment

BYLINE: Kamya Kandhari, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 344  words


As per the previous leaked zero down payment plans for the new iPhones, Reliance
may offer the iPhone 6 for Rs 3,099 per month for 24 months, whereas iPhone 6
Plus may be offered with the plan for Rs. 3,599 per month for 24 months.

Saturday, December 27, 2014: Back in October, Reliance Communication had first
reported about the zero down payment plans for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.
But after that there were no update from either of the companies about the plan.
Now going further with its statement, Reliance might soon come up with its 'Zero
Plan' for new iPhones in India.

The Apple India website (http://www.apple.com/in/iphone/buy/) has linked its
page with the Reliance's official http://shop.rcom.co.in/
(/admin/cms/entry/12786948/LINK). For now, the link is leading to the home page
of the Reliance eShop, while not giving any firm details about the offer in
store. The page has not yet listed the new Apple smartphone yet, while hinting
that may the offer is in its final stage.

As per the previous leaked zero down payment plan for the new iPhones, Reliance
may offer the iPhone 6 for Rs 3,099 per month for 24 months, whereas iPhone 6
Plus may be offered with the plan for Rs. 3,599 per month for 24 months. There
were no updates about which variant would be listed under the RComm's Zero plan.
But as per the given deals, the per month pricing translation makes it to Rs
74,376 over two years for the iPhone 6 and Rs. 86,376 for iPhone 6 Plus.

Apple had released the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones in India for Rs
53,500 for the 16GB variant, whereas 64GB variant and the 128GB variant were
released for Rs 62,500 and Rs 71,500 respectively. One the other hand the iPhone
6 Plus 16GB variant was priced at Rs. 62,500 whereas the 64GB variant and 128GB
variant were priced at Rs 71,500 and Rs 80,500, respectively. Notably, under the
Reliance's Zero Plan, consumers will be able to grab the mobile under 6-month,
12-month, or 24-month contracts based up on their choice. Also they won't be
required to give any down payment to avail the device.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 examiner.co.uk

                     September 19, 2014 Friday 10:22 AM GMT

iPhone 6 launch sees people queue through the night - and you won't believe what
happened to the first iPhone 6 owner in Perth, Australia...;
Apple fanatics across the UK camp out to get their hands on latest model

BYLINE: By Samantha Robinson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 528 words


Thousands of technology fans up and down the country will get their hands on the
new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus handsets today.

The US company announced the new devices to much fanfare at a highly-anticipated
event in California last week, and customers will be able to buy them from Apple
stores from 8am.

Some fans were so keen to get their hands on the new iPhones they began camping
outside the Apple store in Regent Street, London on Monday.

Around the world, fans have been queuing throughout the night, with vigils
forming outside apple stores in Hong Kong, Tokyo, Syndney and Germany.

Some Scots even ditched waiting for the independence referendum result result to
wait outside Glasgow's Apple store.

The first person to get their hands on the iPhone 6 in Perth, Australia, was
delighted - until he opened the box and it all went horribly wrong...

Click below to see what happened

First person to get iPhone in Perth drops it on camera

Around 30 or so people set up camp outside the Apple store in London's Covent
Garden yesterday, with tents, tables and chairs and even bottles of wine bearing
testimony to their dedication.

Among them was Lasse Maroen, who caught a three-hour flight from his home in
Bergen, Norway with friends from work to get the iPhone 6.

He said: "I have been here since this morning. We came here last year to get the
iPhone 5s. We had such a good time so we decided to go back this year."

Asked if he was a "technology geek", he said: "I have been known to buy the new
iPhones on the day they come out since the first one in 2007, so pretty much."

Mr Maroen said he planned to buy the handset outright. The iPhone 6 is expected
to start at £539, and the 6 Plus at £619.

He said: "I read a lot of iPhone blogs and news sites, and because I watched the
keynote presentation a few weeks ago, and there had been rumours about the
launch being this day, so we had planned on going here for quite some time."

Click below for pictures of hardcore fans queuing for the iPhone 6

Apple fans queue for iPhone 6

On Monday Apple announced a record number of first day pre-orders of the two
handsets, with over four million in the first 24 hours.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available in the 10 countries from today,
including the UK, the US, Australia and Singapore, and a further 20 next Friday.

Both handsets will be available in new sizes for the first time, with the iPhone
6 offering a 4.7-inch screen, while the 6 Plus boasts the biggest screen Apple
has ever produced for a smartphone at 5.5 inches.

Network operator EE has also said it will ensure that customers who had
pre-ordered new handsets through Phones 4u, which went into administration on
Sunday, would still be able to get them in its stores.

A spokesman said: "All across the country we have set aside iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus handsets, enough for Phones 4u customers who pre-ordered iPhones on EE
through Phones 4u.

"If they go into EE stores and show their pre-order receipts they will be able
to claim one of the devices."

Did you queue at Trinity Leeds' Apple store this morning for you iPhone 6?

How far would you go for the latest model?

Let us know in the comments below.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBHDE


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                     (Bits)

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Apple Responds to Complaints of Bent iPhones

BYLINE: MIKE ISAAC

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 430 words



HIGHLIGHT: Social media channels have overflowed this week with commentary on
whether Apple&#8217;s new iPhone 6 Plus bends under pressure.


Social media channels have overflowed this week with commentary on whether
Apple's new iPhone 6 Plus bends under pressure, particularly in a pants pocket.

Turns out actual complaints to the company, at least so far, are much less
prevalent.

"With normal use a bend in iPhone is extremely rare and through our first six
days of sale, a total of nine customers have contacted Apple with a bent iPhone
6 Plus," Trudy Muller, an Apple spokeswoman, said in a statement. "IPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus meet or exceed all of our high quality standards to endure
everyday, real life use."

The statement comes after some early adopters complained that the new iPhone 6
Plus, which is significantly larger than previous generations of the iPhone, was
permanently bending from simply being carried in a pocket for long periods of
time.

After one new iPhone 6 Plus owner on Tuesday complained that his phone warped
after sitting in his front pants pocket during a long drive, the story was
quickly picked up by technology blogs and news outlets.

Lewis Hilsenteger, who runs Unbox Therapy, a YouTube channel dedicated to
showcasing the latest tech hardware, filmed himself straining to bend an iPhone
6 Plus with his bare hands. The video has been viewed more than 25 million times
in less than two days.

Apple performs "rigorous tests throughout the entire development cycle including
three-point bending, pressure-point cycling, sit, torsion and user studies,"
according to Ms. Muller. "IPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus meet or exceed all of our
high quality standards to endure everyday, real life use."

As Apple has grown bigger and more successful, it has also become a bigger
target for criticism. The company says it sold more than 10 million iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus smartphones over the first three days of release, a new record for
the company.

Some of the attention is self-inflicted, however. In 2010, early buyers of the
iPhone 4 reported problems with the device's cellular antenna, which caused
dropped calls due to the design of the phone. An Apple executive responsible for
the project left the company over the incident.

And this week, Apple released a software update to the iPhone that was supposed
to fix some early bugs in an updated version of its mobile operating system, iOS
8. The update made some users' phones unable to make or receive calls, and also
rendered the touch identification technology software useless, according to
reports. Apple quickly withdrew the software update, and has said it planned to
release a new software patch in short order.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2014 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                       October 5, 2014 Sunday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone 6 And iPhone 6 Plus China Bookings Cross 6 Million Count Within Six Hours

BYLINE: Kamya Kandhari, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 279  words


Retailers and three mobile carriers in China - China Mobile, China Telecom and
China Unicom have booked over 2 million reservations for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus within the mere initial six hours of launch.

Saturday, October 04, 2014: According to multiple reports from China, the
retailers and telecom operators have came across over 2 million reservations
within the initial six hours of opening of new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus for
the end users. Apple received approval from Chinese government in the end of
September.

Apple Insider revealed the stats citing few Chinese publication reports, stating
that the retailers and three Chinese mobile carriers including China Mobile,
China Telecom and China Unicom have booked over 2 million reservations for
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

As per the reports, majority of the bookings have been made for 64GB variant of
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. The smartphones are lined up for release on 17
October over all three Chinese carriers. During the opening weekend after the
original release date, that is 9 September, Apple stated that it sold 10 million
of its new iPhone models globally. Apple plans to roll out new iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus across 115 countries in this year. Up till now, the smartphone has
been officially released in over 20 markets, including United States, UK,
France, Germany, Canada, Australia, Japan, Hong Kong, and Singapore.

Apple is expected to officially launch the smartphones in India, on 17 October,
however it has already paved its way through the grey market in the country. The
company has listed the smartphone with "coming Soon" tag in three colour
variants including Gold, Silver, and Space Grey.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

Biz Break: Apple gains as iPhone 6 may near approval by China

BYLINE: By Mike Murphy mmurphy@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; News; Business; High-Tech; Columnists; Opinion;
Science and Tech; Columnists

LENGTH: 905 words


Today: The iPhone 6 is reportedly in the 'final stage' of approval process in
China, with lucrative sales likely not far behind. Also, Facebook surges as it
readies new ad platform, and Google sinks as EU widens its investigation into
it.

The lead: Apple may not have to wait much longer to sell iPhone 6 in China

Apple shares, which had been mostly lackluster for the past week, received a
shot in the arm Tuesday after a report that its new iPhone 6 is in "the final
stage of the approval process" in China. Apple jumped 1.56 percent, ot $1.58 to
$102.64.

Sources inside China's Ministry of Industry and Information Technology told
Chinese news site Tencent that the review is expected to be completed "very
soon," Reuters reported .

Approval would be a boon to Apple, which sold more than 10 million new iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Pluses last weekend despite the devices not yet being available in
China, the world's biggest smartphone market. About 15 to 20 percent of all
iPhone sales come from China.

It's no secret that Apple is eager to win approval from Chinese regulators. The
country is in the process of transitioning from 3G networks to 4G, a change that
could bode well for future iPhone sales as Chinese customers are waiting to
upgrade. "We believe consumers in China are on pause as they eagerly await the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus," Cantor Fitzgerald analyst Brian White wrote in a
note.

A Morgan Stanley report also found huge demand for the bigger-screen iPhone 6
Plus , with 51 percent of current Chinese iPhone owners indicating they would
want to upgrade to that.

Meanwhile, some Chinese consumers aren't waiting for the official release;
there's a thriving black market in smuggled iPhone 6's , the Washington Post
reported, with prices on the street as much as 10 times the retail price.

That pent-up demand, along with booming U.S. sales, has many analysts bullish on
Apple's future.

Opening weekend sales were "even more impressive given lack of initial China
availability," Goldman Sacs analyst Bill Shope wrote in a note. UBS analyst
Steve Milunvich agreed, noting sales were "respectable considering lack of final
approval in China (expected shortly) and supply constraints." Brian Blair of
Rosenblatt Securities noted that demand far exceeded supply: "If Apple had made
15 million iPhone 6 units available in the opening weekend, we think they would
have sold them all."

Some experts believe momentum from Apple's weekend, which generated an estimated
$7 billion in sales, will push overall Apple sales past $200 billion this year,
compared to $171 billion in 2013. "Apple's going to have a monster quarter," BGC
Financial analyst Colin Gillis told the Merc's Julia Love on Monday .

SV150 market report: Facebook jumps as it unveils new ad platform to battle
Google

Wall Street took a hit Tuesday , as investors pulled back after poor economic
news from Europe combined with concern over the fallout from U.S. airstrikes
against terrorist targets in Syria. Tech stocks were affected the least though,
and the SV150 even managed meager gains.

Facebook jumped 1.94 percent, or $1.49, to $78.29, after the Wall Street Journal
reported the Menlo Park social media giant would release a new ad platform next
week to help it better compete against Google for online ad dominance. Yahoo
stopped its stock freefall in the wake of Alibaba's record IPO, gaining 1.03
percent, or 40 cents, to $39.05, after confirming the purchase of Bookpad , an
Indian startup whose document-viewing product has been compared to Google Docs.
Alibaba, meanwhile, slipped another 3 percent, or $2.72, to $87.18. Shares have
fallen almost 8 percent since peaking after its IPO on Friday.

Google fell 1.02 percent, or $6.09, to $591.18, after Europe's antitrust chief
said his organization may expand its investigation of the Mountain View Internet
giant. "We have received complaints on the possible diversion of Internet
traffic toward Google services which are not search services, so this is a
possible third investigation concerning Google," commissioner Joaquin Almunia
told a European Parliament panel, according to Reuters.

San Mateo's SolarCity dipped 0.72 percent, or 44 cents, to $60.40, after
breaking ground on a new solar-panel factory in Buffalo, N.Y. Oracle,
Hewlett-Packard and Cisco all dropped around 1 percent after each of the three
were rumored to be in separate merger talks with data-storage maker EMC . Zynga
tumbled 1.64 percent, or 5 cents, to $3, after reports that its latest NFL game
is flopping with consumers. Milpitas-based chip-maker Nanometrics plunged 4.44
percent, or 72 cents, to $15.51, after being downgraded by Canaccord Genuity ,
and Palo Alto's Jive Software dropped 3.72 percent, or 23 cents, to $5.96,
hitting its 52-week low amid a 54 percent slide over the past year.



Silicon Valley tech stocks

Up: Apple, eBay, Yahoo, Netflix, Facebook, Tesla, Twitter

Down: Google, Oracle, Intel, Cisco, HP, Gilead, VMware, Juniper, Zynga, LinkedIn

The SV150 index of Silicon Valley's biggest companies: Up 0.16, or 0.01 percent,
to 1,607.08.

The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index: Down 19, or 0.42 percent, to 4,508.69.

The blue chip Dow Jones industrial average: Down 116.81 or 0.68 percent, to
17,055.87.

And the widely watched Standard & Poor's 500 index: Down 11.52, or 0.58 percent,
to 1,982.77.

Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com .
Follow Mike Murphy at twitter.com/mmmmurf .

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HONG KONG - SEPTEMBER 19: Customers look at the new iPhones on display
at the launch of the new Apple iPhone 6 and iphone 6 plus at the Apple IFC store
on September 19, 2014 in Hong Kong, China. On September 19, Apple's new
products, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, with iOS 8 featuring 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch
displays, have become available in the US, Australia, Canada, France, Germany,
Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the UK, and will be available in
more than 20 additional countries beginning on September 26.(Photo by Lam Yik
Fei/Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           January 8, 2015, Thursday

Teens have mixed opinions on iPhone 6

BYLINE: Liam Thistlethwaite, John Adams Middle School

SECTION: FLIPSIDE; Pg. P8E

LENGTH: 402 words


By now, you have heard about it and probably seen it, too. The new iPhone 6 has
been very popular, and it is currently the top cellphone on the market. Apple
has changed the design to deliver a much larger, yet thinner phone that can
compete with the latest Android devices.

So what do teens think about the iPhone 6?

Clayton Holley, a seventh grader at John Adams Middle School, is not impressed
with the iPhone 6. In fact, he isn't a fan of Apple products at all.

"I don't like iPhones, he said. "They are taking over people's minds. [People]
just sit there all day and text. I personally have a flip phone because I don't
need something that fancy.

Other teens share the opinion that this latest phone may not live up to the
hype. Fellow John Adams seventh grader Jared Jones said he does not dislike
iPhones in general, but he does not see the benefit of the iPhone 6.

"The iPhone 6 isn't much better than the iPhone 5. It just has a bigger display,
he said.

At first, the iPhone 6 had a pretty good appearance. It sold thousands on the
day of its release, and many people were on wait-lists to obtain one.

Shortly after, though, a YouTube video of a man easily bending the iPhone 6 Plus
went viral. Quickly, the rumor of the phone's incredible flexibility spread from
person to person.

Although Apple said there were very few reported cases, that didn't seem to stop
speculation. Later, the phone was proven to only bend under strong force when
pressed near the volume button. Also, according to multiple reports, with a good
sturdy case, the iPhone 6 Plus has almost no chance of bending in your pocket.

Even with size problems, one teen who owns the iPhone 6 enjoys it. Katie
Hageboeck, a George Washington High School senior, has a positive opinion about
Apple's latest effort and thinks it was a worthwhile purchase.

"I love the iPhone 6, she said. "I find it very useful for everyday tasks with
the new apps. Even though the phone is larger and does not fit in my pocket, I
think the screen is easier to type on. I think the iPhone 6 is a great phone,
and I would recommend it.

The iPhone 6 was marketed with several new features. These features include a
larger screen, thinner body, better computer chip, and, of course, a better
camera. Many have said that these features add up to create a new iPhone that is
an improvement over the others.

But while the iPhone 6 is very popular, it's not a hit with everyone.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers


                              96 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                             March 25, 2016 Friday

iPhone SE will fill a void, says top Apple distributor;
The jury is still out on whether Apple iPhone SE has the price to make it sell
in India, but Apple dealers here feel the phone will help fill a void.

BYLINE: Nandagopal Rajan

LENGTH: 357  words


The jury is still out on whether Apple iPhone SE has the price to make it sell
in India, but Apple dealers here feel the phone will help fill a void. The
phone, which uses the popular iPhone 5s chassis, has specs similar to the iPhone
6s, including the A9 chipset, fingerprint scanner and 4K video capture. It will
hit the stores in India April 8.

In an email interaction with IndianExpress.com, Prateek Hak, National Business
Head for Apple Mobility Business at Rashi Peripherals, one of Apple's authorised
resellers in India, said the iPhone SE strategically fills in the void between
the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 5s. "The iPhone 6 16GB has an MRP starting at Rs
52,000 while the iPhone 5S 32GB is priced at an MRP of Rs 30,000. The iPhone SE,
with MRP of about 40,000, fits well between iPhone 6 16GB and iPhone 5S 32GB,
bridging the pricing gap in the iPhone lineup."

"With that being said, iPhone SE will face challenges since iPhone 6 16GB has a
lower operating price in the market, but we are hopeful the market operating
price of the 6 will rebound," he said, adding that it was better to wait for
pre-bookings to begin on Tuesday, March 29.

He says that since the introduction of larger screen iPhones, there has always
been a market segment that has preferred a smaller iPhone that fits in one's
palm. "There isn't a 4-inch smartphone in the market that provides a premium
build, and is backed by powerful specs. iPhone SE is a device that is built
small but is expected to live large, he said, adding that marquee iPhone
features at an affordable price is likely to appeal to iPhone customers with
budget considerations.

Despite the online price of iPhone 6 16GB being Rs 33,999, Hak says the phone is
supposed to be "about 25 per cent more expensive than the SE from an MRP
standpoint". He is hopeful that the market operating price of iPhone 6 16GB will
rebound soon.

Hak said the new iPad Pro will do well as the new iPad Pro brings versatility to
the line up. "Since all the features of the Pro are condensed into a smaller
screen and a lower price point, we expect the new 9.7 inch iPad Pro to become
the industry favourite," he added.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Apple unveils new phones, watch

BYLINE: ERIC JOU in Cupertino

LENGTH: 1858  words


Technology giant Apple launches three new products: two iterations of their
iPhone smartphones, and its first foray into the wearable market - the Apple
Watch.

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Technology giant Apple Computers announced at a press event in Cupertino,
California today three new products: two new iterations of their iPhone
smartphones, the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus, and Apple's first foray into to
the wearable market -- the Apple Watch.

Describing it as the "the next chapter in Apple's story", Apple CEO Tim Cook
introduced the Apple Watch to a standing ovation from invited guests and tech
media.

"What we didn't do was take the iPhone and shrink it and strap it to your
wrist," said Cook.

The new Apple Watch is a square screened device with a sapphire display that
provides haptic, or skin-contact, feedback. The watch has sensors on its back to
monitor heart rate. The focus of the watch -- with so many health and fitness
features built in -- appears to be health oriented.

The new Apple Watches come in two sizes and three basic models: stainless steel,
an aluminum-cased sport model and a high-end 18-karat gold version, all with a
selection of interchangeable bands.

The watches, which require the use of an iPhone, support apps that include
Chinese messaging app QQ messenger and micro-blogging app Sina Weibo.

The invitation-only event was held in the Flint Center for the Performing Arts
in Cupertino, a throwback to the venue where Apple first launched the Macintosh
computer 30 years ago and the same stage where the iMac was launched.

"It is great to be back to the Flint Center, down the road from the Apple home
center," said Cook. "We had some of the most important apple products on this
stage"

In lieu of the normal announcements of updates happening in the Mac World, Cook
moved directly into the meat of the conference, talking about the iPhone.

"Today we are launching the biggest advancement in the history of iPhone," he
said. "I couldn't be more excited and more proud to show it to you now."

Apple senior vice-president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller took to the
stage to introduce the new smartphones -- the 4.7-inch screen iPhone 6 and the
5.5-inch screen iPhone 6 Plus.

Both sport a myriad of technology upgrades, from faster WiFi to faster LTE
cellular connections. Both phones will launch with the new iOS 8 operating
system. (Software updates will go out to older iPhones (the 4S and later) on
September 17.)

The new phones come with what Apple calls Retina HD, an upgrade to their current
Retina display technology, the 6 supports up to 1 million pixels and the 6-plus
up to 2 million pixels.

The new phones are also thinner. On the new 6 Plus, apps can be used in
Horizontal views.

Previously, the late Apple CEO Steve Jobs made comments about bigger-sized
phones having issues in terms of use, as in being difficult to use with one
hand. Apple's move to bigger displays is seen as emulating what Android makers
such as Samsung and HTC have already done.

Beyond the displays, Apple has put out a new 64-bit chip, the A8, the second
generation, which promises to be 25 percent faster in CPU use and 50 percent
better in graphics processing. This new processing power is supposedly better in
terms of power use. The new iPhones will have better battery life than the
iPhone 5S, the company says.

To show off the power of the new phone, Apple brought Super Evil Megacorp
co-founder and chief creative officer Stephan Sherman on to the stage to show
off their new Massive Online Battle Arena game VainGlory.

The new iPhone will make standard calls from Wifi to Cellular. Schiller said the
technology allowed users to talk on Wifi and then transition seamlessly into
cellular voice.

The upgrade to the iPhones' camera isn't much on paper, but Apple claims the new
iPhone 6's have censors comparable to popular DSLR cameras. As for video, the
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will take 1080p video at 60 frames per-second and slo-mo
videos at 240 fps. Apple has also included time-lapse functions.

Along with the new iPhones, Apple is pushing a new Apple Pay mobile payment
system.

"It's so easy to lose your card or have it compromised, it's no wonder that
people have dreamed of replacing these for years, but they've all failed," said
Tim Cook. "We love this kind of problem, this is exactly what Apple does best,
and so we created an entirely new payment process and we call it Apple Pay."

Eddy Cue, Apple's senior vice-president of internet software and services,
talked about the security of Apple Pay. Credit and debit cards uploaded to the
iPhone are iPhone only. Credit card information isn't stored on the device.

"We're not in the business of collecting your data," said Cue.

Apple Pay comes with every iPhone 6 and 6plus and will start in the US with
American Express, MasterCard and Visa.

Daniel Matte, an analyst with Canalys, said that Apple's announcement delivered
what Apple needed to deliver and the Apple Watch stole the show.

"On the iPhone side, they delivered what they needed to," said Matte. "I think
they're in a very competitive position, putting out two bigger sizes like what
the market has been demanding."

Matte says that the 5.5-inch screen model will work well and appeal to a lot of
people. His only concern is the supply. Matte says that despite China not being
listed as one of the first countries for roll out, it still may be faster than
previous iPhone launches. Matte says that Apple is focused on the China market.

In regards to the Apple Watch, Matte pointed out that this was the first major
non-Steve Jobs product.

"I think the take away is that this is a new area of software, a new direction,
a new user interface, a post Steve Jobs product," said Matte. "It'll take a lot
of time to evaluate the software to see if it's something consumers will take
to, but I do think that the price point and the cool factor -- such as the
software and the different functionalities -- will appeal to a lot of customers
and sales will be quite strong."

Apple's demo of the Apple Watch showed a few Chinese made applications. Matte
says that this, plus Apple's push into China, shows that Apple is committed to
the Chinese market.

The new iPhone 6 and 6 plus will go on sale in the US and Hong Kong among other
countries for 199 for the 16gb with a 2 year contract and 299 for the 64gb. The
6 Plus will start at 299 with a two-year contract on September 19. Both come in
silver, gold and black.

The Apple Watch will go on sale in early 2015 starting at $349.

ericjou@chinadaily.com.cn
Top 10 game-changing Apple innovations
Five predictions for Apple's September 9 event

SIDEBAR

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus

Hands-on

Apple's latest entries in the iPhone series are two different screen sized
phones. As when Apple upped the screen sizes with the iPhone 5, the iPhone 6 and
6 Plus take screen sizes to higher level.

Similar to all previous iPhones, the 6 and 6 Plus are made of aluminum blocks.
In lieu of the blockier older look, the new iPhones look slick. Both models are
thin, much thinner than the iPhone 5s.

And both are surprisingly light, light enough to be almost worrisome. The lack
of "heft" in the devices feels like it detracts from the premium feel that Apple
has cultivated.

That said, once the phone is turned on, the premium feeling comes right back.
Both phones come with the new "Retina HD" screens, however the 6 Plus benefits
from having a larger screen size. Both screens produce clear crisp images.
Visiting ESPN with its bright reds looked amazing.

The bigger screens have brought a change in button orientation. Gone are the
days of the top power-wake button. Taking a cue from Android hardware, the new
bigger iPhones have the power-wake button on the right hand side of the device.

As for operations, there is an obvious speed advantage over the 5S. Web browsing
and apps both loaded markedly faster, a performance upgrade that was to be
expected.

In terms of camera performance, the new Slo-mo function on the camera looks more
fluid than previous versions. Unfortunately, China Daily wasn't able to test the
Facetime burst function and the Time-lapse function on the new iPhones.

Apple Watch

Hands-on Impression

Apple computer's first entry into the smart wearable device market is a
surprisingly comfortable one.

Coming out with two different screen sizes and technically three different
models (all together 6), the Apple Watch is quite a sight.

It's not so thick that it stands out; it feels and looks a bit smaller than a
standard Casio G-Shock watch. Of course looks are in the eye of the beholder,
considering other mobile device manufacturers have made circular watches.
Apple's device is "rectangular".

In terms of operation, Apple did not allow the media to play with the device
directly. Test devices were only allowed to be worn by the press, with the
software demo being played on a loop.

The device felt and looked good, but without a full hands-on test drive with the
software, there are still many questions about the Apple Watch.

Ericjou@Chinadaily.com.cn

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-president at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
and the iPhone 6 Plus during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino,
California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-President at Apple, Inc. speaks about the battery
life of the Iphone 5s, Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-President at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9,
2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

IPhone 6 Plus starts at $299 with a two-year contract. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks in front of a row of iPhones during an Apple event at
the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple Pay combines seamlessly integrated hardware, software, and services in a
way only Apple can. [Photo by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple unveils the Apple Watch, calling it the company's "next chapter". [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks about the Apple Watch during an Apple event at the
Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple unveils the Apple Watch, calling it the company's "next chapter". [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook announces the price for an Apple Watch during an Apple event
at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. Apple Watch
will start at $349, available early 2015. [Photo by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

IPhone 6 in the Hands-on Pavilion at the Apple Special Event. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

A closer look at the Apple Watch in the Hands-on Pavilion. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Top 10 game-changing Apple innovations
Five predictions for Apple's September 9 event

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Apple unveils new phones, watch

BYLINE: ERIC JOU in Cupertino

LENGTH: 1858  words


Technology giant Apple launches three new products: two iterations of their
iPhone smartphones, and its first foray into the wearable market - the Apple
Watch.

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Technology giant Apple Computers announced at a press event in Cupertino,
California today three new products: two new iterations of their iPhone
smartphones, the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus, and Apple's first foray into to
the wearable market -- the Apple Watch.

Describing it as the "the next chapter in Apple's story", Apple CEO Tim Cook
introduced the Apple Watch to a standing ovation from invited guests and tech
media.

"What we didn't do was take the iPhone and shrink it and strap it to your
wrist," said Cook.

The new Apple Watch is a square screened device with a sapphire display that
provides haptic, or skin-contact, feedback. The watch has sensors on its back to
monitor heart rate. The focus of the watch -- with so many health and fitness
features built in -- appears to be health oriented.

The new Apple Watches come in two sizes and three basic models: stainless steel,
an aluminum-cased sport model and a high-end 18-karat gold version, all with a
selection of interchangeable bands.

The watches, which require the use of an iPhone, support apps that include
Chinese messaging app QQ messenger and micro-blogging app Sina Weibo.

The invitation-only event was held in the Flint Center for the Performing Arts
in Cupertino, a throwback to the venue where Apple first launched the Macintosh
computer 30 years ago and the same stage where the iMac was launched.

"It is great to be back to the Flint Center, down the road from the Apple home
center," said Cook. "We had some of the most important apple products on this
stage"

In lieu of the normal announcements of updates happening in the Mac World, Cook
moved directly into the meat of the conference, talking about the iPhone.

"Today we are launching the biggest advancement in the history of iPhone," he
said. "I couldn't be more excited and more proud to show it to you now."

Apple senior vice-president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller took to the
stage to introduce the new smartphones -- the 4.7-inch screen iPhone 6 and the
5.5-inch screen iPhone 6 Plus.

Both sport a myriad of technology upgrades, from faster WiFi to faster LTE
cellular connections. Both phones will launch with the new iOS 8 operating
system. Software updates will go out to older iPhones (the 4S and later) on
September 17.

The new phones come with what Apple calls Retina HD, an upgrade to their current
Retina display technology, the 6 supports up to 1 million pixels and the 6-plus
up to 2 million pixels.

The new phones are also thinner. On the new 6 Plus, apps can be used in
Horizontal views.

Previously, the late Apple CEO Steve Jobs made comments about bigger-sized
phones having issues in terms of use, as in being difficult to use with one
hand. Apple's move to bigger displays is seen as emulating what Android makers
such as Samsung and HTC have already done.

Beyond the displays, Apple has put out a new 64-bit chip, the A8, the second
generation, which promises to be 25 percent faster in CPU use and 50 percent
better in graphics processing. This new processing power is supposedly better in
terms of power use. The new iPhones will have better battery life than the
iPhone 5S, the company says.

To show off the power of the new phone, Apple brought Super Evil Megacorp
co-founder and chief creative officer Stephan Sherman on to the stage to show
off their new Massive Online Battle Arena game VainGlory.

The new iPhone will make standard calls from Wifi to Cellular. Schiller said the
technology allowed users to talk on Wifi and then transition seamlessly into
cellular voice.

The upgrade to the iPhones' camera isn't much on paper, but Apple claims the new
iPhone 6's have censors comparable to popular DSLR cameras. As for video, the
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will take 1080p video at 60 frames per-second and slo-mo
videos at 240 fps. Apple has also included time-lapse functions.

Along with the new iPhones, Apple is pushing a new Apple Pay mobile payment
system.

"It's so easy to lose your card or have it compromised, it's no wonder that
people have dreamed of replacing these for years, but they've all failed," said
Tim Cook. "We love this kind of problem, this is exactly what Apple does best,
and so we created an entirely new payment process and we call it Apple Pay."

Eddy Cue, Apple's senior vice-president of internet software and services,
talked about the security of Apple Pay. Credit and debit cards uploaded to the
iPhone are iPhone only. Credit card information isn't stored on the device.

"We're not in the business of collecting your data," said Cue.

Apple Pay comes with every iPhone 6 and 6plus and will start in the US with
American Express, MasterCard and Visa.

Daniel Matte, an analyst with Canalys, said that Apple's announcement delivered
what Apple needed to deliver and the Apple Watch stole the show.

"On the iPhone side, they delivered what they needed to," said Matte. "I think
they're in a very competitive position, putting out two bigger sizes like what
the market has been demanding."

Matte says that the 5.5-inch screen model will work well and appeal to a lot of
people. His only concern is the supply. Matte says that despite China not being
listed as one of the first countries for roll out, it still may be faster than
previous iPhone launches. Matte says that Apple is focused on the China market.

In regards to the Apple Watch, Matte pointed out that this was the first major
non-Steve Jobs product.

"I think the take away is that this is a new area of software, a new direction,
a new user interface, a post Steve Jobs product," said Matte. "It'll take a lot
of time to evaluate the software to see if it's something consumers will take
to, but I do think that the price point and the cool factor -- such as the
software and the different functionalities -- will appeal to a lot of customers
and sales will be quite strong."

Apple's demo of the Apple Watch showed a few Chinese made applications. Matte
says that this, plus Apple's push into China, shows that Apple is committed to
the Chinese market.

The new iPhone 6 and 6 plus will go on sale in the US and Hong Kong among other
countries for 199 for the 16gb with a 2 year contract and 299 for the 64gb. The
6 Plus will start at 299 with a two-year contract on September 19. Both come in
silver, gold and black.

The Apple Watch will go on sale in early 2015 starting at $349.

ericjou@chinadaily.com.cn
Top 10 game-changing Apple innovations
Five predictions for Apple's September 9 event

SIDEBAR

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus

Hands-on

Apple's latest entries in the iPhone series are two different screen sized
phones. As when Apple upped the screen sizes with the iPhone 5, the iPhone 6 and
6 Plus take screen sizes to higher level.

Similar to all previous iPhones, the 6 and 6 Plus are made of aluminum blocks.
In lieu of the blockier older look, the new iPhones look slick. Both models are
thin, much thinner than the iPhone 5s.

And both are surprisingly light, light enough to be almost worrisome. The lack
of "heft" in the devices feels like it detracts from the premium feel that Apple
has cultivated.

That said, once the phone is turned on, the premium feeling comes right back.
Both phones come with the new "Retina HD" screens, however the 6 Plus benefits
from having a larger screen size. Both screens produce clear crisp images.
Visiting ESPN with its bright reds looked amazing.

The bigger screens have brought a change in button orientation. Gone are the
days of the top power-wake button. Taking a cue from Android hardware, the new
bigger iPhones have the power-wake button on the right hand side of the device.

As for operations, there is an obvious speed advantage over the 5S. Web browsing
and apps both loaded markedly faster, a performance upgrade that was to be
expected.

In terms of camera performance, the new Slo-mo function on the camera looks more
fluid than previous versions. Unfortunately, China Daily wasn't able to test the
Facetime burst function and the Time-lapse function on the new iPhones.

Apple Watch

Hands-on Impression

Apple computer's first entry into the smart wearable device market is a
surprisingly comfortable one.

Coming out with two different screen sizes and technically three different
models (all together 6), the Apple Watch is quite a sight.

It's not so thick that it stands out; it feels and looks a bit smaller than a
standard Casio G-Shock watch. Of course looks are in the eye of the beholder,
considering other mobile device manufacturers have made circular watches.
Apple's device is "rectangular".

In terms of operation, Apple did not allow the media to play with the device
directly. Test devices were only allowed to be worn by the press, with the
software demo being played on a loop.

The device felt and looked good, but without a full hands-on test drive with the
software, there are still many questions about the Apple Watch.

Ericjou@Chinadaily.com.cn

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-president at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
and the iPhone 6 Plus during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino,
California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-President at Apple, Inc. speaks about the battery
life of the Iphone 5s, Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-President at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9,
2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

IPhone 6 Plus starts at $299 with a two-year contract. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks in front of a row of iPhones during an Apple event at
the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple Pay combines seamlessly integrated hardware, software, and services in a
way only Apple can. [Photo by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple unveils the Apple Watch, calling it the company's "next chapter". [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks about the Apple Watch during an Apple event at the
Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple unveils the Apple Watch, calling it the company's "next chapter". [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook announces the price for an Apple Watch during an Apple event
at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. Apple Watch
will start at $349, available early 2015. [Photo by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

IPhone 6 in the Hands-on Pavilion at the Apple Special Event. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

A closer look at the Apple Watch in the Hands-on Pavilion. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Top 10 game-changing Apple innovations
Five predictions for Apple's September 9 event

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Dion Global Solutions Limited

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

Apple IPhone 6 & 6 Plus to be available in China on Oct 17

LENGTH: 207 words

DATELINE: India


India, Sept. 30 -- Apple announced that iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be
available in China beginning Friday, October 17 from the Apple Online Store,
Apple's retail stores, and an expansive network of retail stores through all
three major carriers and Apple Authorized Resellers.

With support for TD-LTE and FDD-LTE, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus provide
customers access to 4G/LTE networks from China Mobile, China Telecom and China
Unicom across mainland China. Customers can pre-order iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
from the Apple Online Store beginning Friday, October 10. Beginning Tuesday,
October 14, customers can reserve the new iPhones for in-store pick-up starting
Friday, October 17.

"We are thrilled to bring iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus to our customers in China
on all three carriers at launch," said Apple's CEO Tim Cook. "With support for
TD-LTE and FDD-LTE, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus customers will have access to
high-speed mobile networks from China Mobile, China Telecom and China Unicom for
an incredible experience."

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Dion Global Solutions Limited.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire


                  Copyright 2014 Dion Global Solutions Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                            October 19, 2014 Sunday

It's a Six!

LENGTH: 1026 words

DATELINE: India


India, Oct. 19 -- iPhone 6 puts Apple back in the lead of cellphone wars, though
the high price - Rs53,500 for 16GB to Rs71,500 for 128GB - might be a deterrent
for buyers. Despite that, there is no doubt that this is the phone to have right
now, says KUSHAN MITRA

After spending a grand total of four days with the new iPhone 6, the first thing
one is amazed with is the feel of the phone. The tactile feel of the iPhone has
always been its advantage over all of its competition. The iPhone 6 feels nice
on your palm; the brushed aluminum lends a touch of class that plastic, no
matter how fancy it feels, lacks.

The iPhone 6 is bigger than the older iPhone 5/5S; the 4-inch display has given
way to a 4.7-inch display, yet remarkably despite the larger dimensions of the
phone, the iPhone 6 weighs just 129 grams compared to the 112 grams of its
predecessor. In fact, when handing the phone to users of large Android phones,
the first remark is not so much about the fabulous screen but the weight of the
phone.

Therefore, the overall look and feel of the iPhone 6 puts it ahead of the
competition; frankly the only Android devices that come close are some from HTC
and Sony. However, there is one slight downside to the iPhone 6: the camera lens
cover is not flush with the body. This is, however, a very small protrusion and
not a concern when you put the device in your pocket or face up on a table. But
it is noticeable when you run your hand down the back of the device.

But how is the iPhone 6 to use? The bigger 4.7-inch screen seems positively
small compared to giant 5-inch plus screens of the competition, but the fact is
that phones have been bloating in size for no rhyme or reason over the past few
years. Although Apple has finally surrendered to the bloat epidemic with the
5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus, one can safely say that the iPhone 6 is by far and away
the best non-giant phone out there. In fact, other than the occasional 'mini'
variant of an Android phone, such as the Sony Xperia Z3 Mini, the iPhone is
pretty much in a class of its own.

The problem with bloating is quite simple: can you use most applications on your
phone with one hand? On the larger phones, using a single hand is becoming
increasingly difficult for many people, especially those with smaller hands.
Yes, the fact that you can use two sets of fingers to take full advantage of
multitouch screens is a great thing, but when you just want to type a quick
message, the ability to do it with your thumb on one hand while having a decent
grip on your phone is a challenge for some people.

Apple has changed the power button to the right side on the iPhone 6 and that is
the biggest single usability change from previous generation iPhones.

The iPhone's camera has never been the best in the business, but it has always
had good software, and every successive iPhone has had better image quality than
the preceding generation. Similarly with the iPhone 6, the eight megapixel
camera takes great images and videos.

The tendency of some manufacturers to put massive amounts of megapixels on
mobile phones is a bit peculiar given that most people post pictures on social
media platforms nowadays rather than printing them. That said, the quality of
images on the iPhone 6 is good enough to be used in a print magazine and replace
a point-and-click camera although not a decent digital SLR. In video mode, the
iPhone 6's iSight camera can capture full-HD 1080 resolution video at both 30
and 60 frames per second. It allows for slow-motion video capture and time-lapse
video as well - really cool features that should make it onto other phones one
day.

Apple's new iOS 8 is, however, only an incremental improvement on iOS 7; there
are certain changes such as predictive text during typing, a smoother flow of
graphics. But the real changes are under the hood, making applications load and
run faster. The other major change, given the form factor of this device, is
ensuring decent battery life. A fully charged iPhone 6 will survive the day if
one doesn't keep checking Facebook and Twitter every two minutes or so; use the
device sensibly and the battery will last the entire day.

Some other features of iOS 8, such as the integrated Apple Pay payment gateway,
may not be applicable in India in the foreseeable future - that depends on what
Raghuram Rajan thinks of it.

The problem with the iPhone 6, though, has nothing to do with its performance or
looks. It is the best-looking and definitely one of the best-performing pieces
of mobile hardware out there.

Apple has continued to maintain their desirability quotient, so there is no
doubt it will sell very well. Just as long as one does not buy the 16GB model.
The iPhone 6 comes loaded with some of Apple's top productivity applications
such as Numbers and Keynote. These are heavy applications, coupled with other
regular downloads, the 16GB model which kicks off the iPhone 6 range at Rs53,500
is pointless. The most viable model is the 64GB model at Rs62,500, which is a
lot for a phone. And the range topping 128GB model at Rs71,500. Well, that is
just a crazy amount of money for a phone. However, there is no doubt that this
is the phone to have right now.

WHAT HAS CHANGED

SIZE

iPhone 6 is bigger than iPhone 5/5S - the 4-inch display has given way to a
4.7-inch display, yet the iPhone 6 weighs just 129 grams compared to the 112
grams of its predecessor

POWER BUTTON

In the biggest single usability change, Apple has changed the power button to
the right side on the new iPhone 6

CAMERA

The eight megapixel camera takes great images and videos. Quality of images is
good enough to be used in a print magazine

SOFTWARE

New iOS 8 brings certain changes, such as predictive text during typing and a
smoother flow of graphics. But the real changes are under the hood, making
applications load and run faster

BATTERY LIFE

This phone will ensure a decent battery life. A fully charged iPhone 6 is likely
to survive the day depending on the usage

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

Apple sold 10 million iPhones in first weekend

BYLINE: Julia Love

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 282 words


Apple sold more than 10 million units of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus as the gadgets
debuted this past weekend, the company said Monday.

The sales figures, which mark a new record for Apple, came as little surprise
after a weekend in which legions of people around the Bay Area and many
countries around the globe lined up for hours to buy the new phones. The
Cupertino-based company bested the 9 million phones it sold last year when the
iPhone 5s and 5c debuted.



"Sales for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus exceeded our expectations for the launch
weekend, and we couldn't be happier," Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a statement.
"We would like to thank all of our customers for making this our best launch
ever, shattering all previous sell-through records by a large margin."

Though Apple still managed to log plenty of sales, supplies of the new iPhones
appeared to be straining under demand. The iPhone 6 Plus, in particular, sold
out quickly in Bay Area stores.

"While our team managed the manufacturing ramp better than ever before, we could
have sold many more iPhones with greater supply and we are working hard to fill
orders as quickly as possible."

Analysts expected that Apple would enjoy a gusher of sales when it finally
responded to consumers' cries for phones with larger screen. The iPhone 6, which
starts at $199 with a two-year contract, measures 4.7 inches diagonally, and the
$299 6 Plus has a screen of 5.5 inches.

Apple has also said the phones have sharper displays, better cameras and
extended battery life. In addition, people who purchase the new gadgets will
gain access to Apple Pay, a mobile payments service that lets customers make
purchases in stores with a wave of their phones.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A man wearing a child on his chest (who declined to be identified)
checks out the new iPhone 6 at the Apple Store on Chestnut St. in San Francisco,
Calif., on Friday, Sept. 19, 2014. The newest iPhone, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus went on sale today to long lines of eager customers. (Dan Honda/Bay Area
News Group)
Elaine Strauss, of San Francisco, is one of the first customers to leave with a
new iPhone 6 from the Apple Store on Chestnut Street in San Francisco, Calif.,
on Friday, Sept. 19, 2014. The newest iPhone, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus,
went on sale today to long lines of eager customers. (Dan Honda/Bay Area News
Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              102 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                             June 11, 2013 Tuesday

Apple Inc. may unveil iPhone 6 at a top end price of Rs 60,335

BYLINE: Muhammad Zulqarnain Zulfi

LENGTH: 1013  words


The finished Apple Inc. iPhone 6 will most likely look different, but it's
interesting to see how Smart Bezel could work.

Apple used to be the clear smartphone leader with its iconic iPhone series
thanks to a combination of outstanding hardware and software to match. Now,
Android-based phones are arguably as good, if not better, with the likes of the
HTC One, Sony Xperia Z and Samsung Galaxy S4, not necessarily in that order,
giving the once-unmatchable Apple a run for its money.

Apple, needless to say, is not sitting back on its haunches, and promises a
rivetting fightback with products that promise the moon.

The current position in the fight revolves around the smashing hit that Samsung
Galaxy S4 has become and everyone is waiting for what Apple will do to its next
in line smartphone - the so-called iPhone 6. Here is a peak at the dates and the
direction Apple may well have taken to beat rivals.

While the new model is being referred to as iPhone 6, it had briefly surfaced
some time ago as the iPhone Math - the screen is reportedly 4.8 inches. Also,
with HTC One having come up with an outstanding camera, iPhone too is playing
catch up and is reportedly targetting trotting out a special one of its own.

iPHONE 6 RELEASE DATE

The glimpse into the working of Apple Inc was given by Citi Research analyst
Glen Yeung who revealed that a 'big-screen iPhone 6' is likely to be launched in
first quarter of 2014.

iPHONE 6 SCREEN

Apple has been known for its high quality screens and it's going to be
interesting to see what it can do with the iPhone 6. According to Apple's
definition of a Retina display, it's one where you can't see the individual
pixels when used at a normal distance. In practice, by Apple's definition, it
means upping the resolution on a Retina screen is pointless. That doesn't mean
that Apple won't simply increase resolution to Full HD, in order to keep up with
the competition, but moving to a larger screen to justify more resolution makes
more sense.

Currently doing the rounds are the rumours that the iPhone 6 will have a
4.8-inch screen, which would make the phone similar in size to the Samsung
Galaxy S4 and the HTC One. At this screen resolution, Apple could then move to a
Full HD (1,920 x 1,080 resolution) or even go beyond.

iPHONE 6 STORAGE

In terms of storage, 64GB has been the top model for a couple of years, so we'd
expect the top model to now be 128GB. We know that Apple now has that capacity,
thanks to the recent launch of a 128GB iPad 4.

iPHONE 6 PROCESSOR

Judging what Apple will do with the processor is harder, but we'd expect an
updated model in the iPhone 6. Currently, the iPhone 5 has a dual-core Apple A6
processor, but a quad-core Apple A7, using ARM Cortex A15-based cores, sounds
plausible to us.

The latest information suggests that the Apple A7 processor is now being
finished by the Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing company. Recent rumours have
suggested that the iPhone 6 processor will be manufactured by Intel, rather than
Samsung.

iPHONE 6 SMART BEZEL

One of the things that attracts people to the iPhone is its ease of use and
simplicity. However, iOS has barely changed since launch, so Apple could well
introduce new ways to interact with its phones in order to stay ahead of the
competition.

Patently Apple managed to dig up information on a new patent for a smart bezel.
This will use a secondary display system, which could be embedded around the
primary screen or even on the back of a device to provide new controls that
light up when needed.

iPHONE 6 CAMERA

One of the most important part of any smartphone is the camera, with people
generally preferring their phone over a compact camera. With the competition
putting a lot of effort into the quality of their cameras, Apple has slightly
fallen behind, with the iPhone 5's quality not matching that of the Samsung
Galaxy S4 or HTC One. Rumours also have it that the iPhone 6 may even get a
12-megapixel sensor, up from the 8-megapixel version on the iPhone 5.

Upping the sensor resolution can introduce problems with noise, though, as
there's less light per pixel. Apple will be keen to counteract problems like
this, so a lens with a faster aperture would make sense. Currently the iPhone 5
has an f2.4 lens, but an f2.2 or f2.0 lens would mean better low-light
photography.

iPHONE 6 PRICE

Apple typically, releases its new models at the same price as the old ones, and
we can't see it introducing a more expensive phone into this tough market. If
that holds out, then, and assuming that the 16GB model is dropped, we'd expect
the 32GB model to cost 529 (Rs 45,660), the 64GB model 599 (Rs 51,704) and the
128GB model 699 (Rs 60,335).

iOS 7

Apple is all set to unveil the new version of its mobile operating system, named
iOS 7, and has already put up banners with the number '7' at the venue.

Although incredibly innovative and easy to use when it was first launched, iOS
is now looking a bit outdated. Each update to iOS has felt like a tweak, leaving
the user interface static. Some would argue that iOS 6, which was introduced
with the iPhone 5, was actually a step backwards with Apple Maps proving to be
far worse than the Google Maps app it sought to replace.

While iOS has stood roughly still, Android has dramatically improved, providing
widgets to display information on homescreen. Windows Phone 8 has a cleaner
interface, with Live Tiles giving you up-to-date information from your apps,
even though user reaction has often been mixed.

HERE AND NOW

However, the iPhone 6 is still in the nebulous future, 6 months is equal to a
generation these days, and what the company is working on for the launch in the
near future includes the iPhone 5S - it is two to four weeks behind schedule,
says report. Yeung writes that while this will not affect the launch date of the
model, it will result in supply shortage for the model in September.

While Citi Research does not expect many hardware announcements at WWDC 2013,
speculation is rife that Apple will launch the iPhone 5S and a cheaper iPhone at
the event, with launch date rumoured as being June 20, 2013.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2013 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              103 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                              June 10, 2013 Monday

Apple Inc. may out iPhone 6 at a top end price of Rs 60,335

BYLINE: Muhammad Zulqarnain Zulfi

LENGTH: 1013  words


The finished Apple Inc. iPhone 6 will most likely look different, but it's
interesting to see how Smart Bezel could work.

Apple used to be the clear smartphone leader with its iconic iPhone series
thanks to a combination of outstanding hardware and software to match. Now,
Android-based phones are arguably as good, if not better, with the likes of the
HTC One, Sony Xperia Z and Samsung Galaxy S4, not necessarily in that order,
giving the once-unmatchable Apple a run for its money.

Apple, needless to say, is not sitting back on its haunches, and promises a
rivetting fightback with products that promise the moon.

The current position in the fight revolves around the smashing hit that Samsung
Galaxy S4 has become and everyone is waiting for what Apple will do to its next
in line smartphone - the so-called iPhone 6. Here is a peak at the dates and the
direction Apple may well have taken to beat rivals.

While the new model is being referred to as iPhone 6, it had briefly surfaced
some time ago as the iPhone Math - the screen is reportedly 4.8 inches. Also,
with HTC One having come up with an outstanding camera, iPhone too is playing
catch up and is reportedly targetting trotting out a special one of its own.

iPHONE 6 RELEASE DATE

The glimpse into the working of Apple Inc was given by Citi Research analyst
Glen Yeung who revealed that a 'big-screen iPhone 6' is likely to be launched in
first quarter of 2014.

iPHONE 6 SCREEN

Apple has been known for its high quality screens and it's going to be
interesting to see what it can do with the iPhone 6. According to Apple's
definition of a Retina display, it's one where you can't see the individual
pixels when used at a normal distance. In practice, by Apple's definition, it
means upping the resolution on a Retina screen is pointless. That doesn't mean
that Apple won't simply increase resolution to Full HD, in order to keep up with
the competition, but moving to a larger screen to justify more resolution makes
more sense.

Currently doing the rounds are the rumours that the iPhone 6 will have a
4.8-inch screen, which would make the phone similar in size to the Samsung
Galaxy S4 and the HTC One. At this screen resolution, Apple could then move to a
Full HD (1,920 x 1,080 resolution) or even go beyond.

iPHONE 6 STORAGE

In terms of storage, 64GB has been the top model for a couple of years, so we'd
expect the top model to now be 128GB. We know that Apple now has that capacity,
thanks to the recent launch of a 128GB iPad 4.

iPHONE 6 PROCESSOR

Judging what Apple will do with the processor is harder, but we'd expect an
updated model in the iPhone 6. Currently, the iPhone 5 has a dual-core Apple A6
processor, but a quad-core Apple A7, using ARM Cortex A15-based cores, sounds
plausible to us.

The latest information suggests that the Apple A7 processor is now being
finished by the Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing company. Recent rumours have
suggested that the iPhone 6 processor will be manufactured by Intel, rather than
Samsung.

iPHONE 6 SMART BEZEL

One of the things that attracts people to the iPhone is its ease of use and
simplicity. However, iOS has barely changed since launch, so Apple could well
introduce new ways to interact with its phones in order to stay ahead of the
competition.

Patently Apple managed to dig up information on a new patent for a smart bezel.
This will use a secondary display system, which could be embedded around the
primary screen or even on the back of a device to provide new controls that
light up when needed.

iPHONE 6 CAMERA

One of the most important part of any smartphone is the camera, with people
generally preferring their phone over a compact camera. With the competition
putting a lot of effort into the quality of their cameras, Apple has slightly
fallen behind, with the iPhone 5's quality not matching that of the Samsung
Galaxy S4 or HTC One. Rumours also have it that the iPhone 6 may even get a
12-megapixel sensor, up from the 8-megapixel version on the iPhone 5.

Upping the sensor resolution can introduce problems with noise, though, as
there's less light per pixel. Apple will be keen to counteract problems like
this, so a lens with a faster aperture would make sense. Currently the iPhone 5
has an f2.4 lens, but an f2.2 or f2.0 lens would mean better low-light
photography.

iPHONE 6 PRICE

Apple typically, releases its new models at the same price as the old ones, and
we can't see it introducing a more expensive phone into this tough market. If
that holds out, then, and assuming that the 16GB model is dropped, we'd expect
the 32GB model to cost 529 (Rs 45,660), the 64GB model 599 (Rs 51,704) and the
128GB model 699 (Rs 60,335).

iOS 7

Apple is all set to unveil the new version of its mobile operating system, named
iOS 7, and has already put up banners with the number '7' at the venue.

Although incredibly innovative and easy to use when it was first launched, iOS
is now looking a bit outdated. Each update to iOS has felt like a tweak, leaving
the user interface static. Some would argue that iOS 6, which was introduced
with the iPhone 5, was actually a step backwards with Apple Maps proving to be
far worse than the Google Maps app it sought to replace.

While iOS has stood roughly still, Android has dramatically improved, providing
widgets to display information on homescreen. Windows Phone 8 has a cleaner
interface, with Live Tiles giving you up-to-date information from your apps,
even though user reaction has often been mixed.

HERE AND NOW

However, the iPhone 6 is still in the nebulous future, 6 months is equal to a
generation these days, and what the company is working on for the launch in the
near future includes the iPhone 5S - it is two to four weeks behind schedule,
says report. Yeung writes that while this will not affect the launch date of the
model, it will result in supply shortage for the model in September.

While Citi Research does not expect many hardware announcements at WWDC 2013,
speculation is rife that Apple will launch the iPhone 5S and a cheaper iPhone at
the event, with launch date rumoured as being June 20, 2013.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2013 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              104 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

License trips iPhone retailers in China

LENGTH: 228  words


China's largest carriers have been ready to roll out iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus,
the cell phones are now reportedly waiting for China's network access license.

Screenshot of China Mobile's pre-order webpage of iPhone 6. This webpage has now
been removed. [Photo/Nipic.com]

Although China's largest carriers have been ready to roll out iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus, the cell phones are now reportedly waiting for China's network
access license from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology.

The ministry usually distributes licenses twice a month. But as the new iPhone
had missed the deadline earlier this month, another chance might come near the
end of this month, China Business News reported Thursday.

Chinese largest carriers China Mobile Communications Corporation, China Unicom
and China Telecom all have removed the web pages for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
pre-order service, which was launched earlier this month.

By Wednesday, China Mobile had received 72,000 pre-orders, China Unicom 15,000
and China Telecom 18,000.

Besides the three carriers, other retailers in China are also ready for iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus sales.

On Wednesday, Chinese large online shopping sites Taobao.com and Paipai.com
launched special sections to accept iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus pre-orders.

Five predictions for Apple's September 9 event
iPhone 6 may boost China's export growth

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              105 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                               September 11, 2014

License trips iPhone retailers in China

LENGTH: 228  words


China's largest carriers have been ready to roll out iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus,
the cell phones are now reportedly waiting for China's network access license.

Screenshot of China Mobile's pre-order webpage of iPhone 6. This webpage has now
been removed. [Photo/Nipic.com]

Although China's largest carriers have been ready to roll out iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus, the cell phones are now reportedly waiting for China's network
access license from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology.

The ministry usually distributes licenses twice a month. But as the new iPhone
had missed the deadline earlier this month, another chance might come near the
end of this month, China Business News reported Thursday.

Chinese largest carriers China Mobile Communications Corporation, China Unicom
and China Telecom all have removed the web pages for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
pre-order service, which was launched earlier this month.

By Wednesday, China Mobile had received 72,000 pre-orders, China Unicom 15,000
and China Telecom 18,000.

Besides the three carriers, other retailers in China are also ready for iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus sales.

On Wednesday, Chinese large online shopping sites Taobao.com and Paipai.com
launched special sections to accept iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus pre-orders.

Five predictions for Apple's September 9 event
iPhone 6 may boost China's export growth

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              106 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

Apple reports huge demand for iPhone 6

BYLINE: By Julia Love jmlove@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; News; Business; High-Tech; Science and Tech

LENGTH: 428 words


CUPERTINO -- Websites crashed and sales soared Friday as consumers raced to be
among the first to buy the latest iPhones.

Apple saw a record number of pre-orders after the newest versions of its iconic
phone went up for advance sale in the wee hours of Friday morning, a company
spokeswoman said. The demand is stretching resources at the nation's major
cellphone carriers, where the new iPhones appeared to be back ordered and
several website glitches were reported. Apple drummed up excitement for the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which feature larger screens, at a glitzy event in
the Flint Center for the Performing Arts on Tuesday.

"Response to iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus has been incredible," Apple spokeswoman
Teresa Brewer said in a statement.

The new gadgets are scheduled to arrive in retail stores Friday, but many
consumers decided to stake their claims online, pushing back shipment times. By
midday Friday, Verizon's website forecast an Oct. 7 delivery date for the iPhone
6 and an Oct. 21 arrival for the iPhone 6 Plus. AT&T indicated on its website
that the iPhone 6 would ship sometime in October, and the larger iPhone 6 Plus
would not go out until November. AT&T spokesman Mark Siegel said demand for this
year's new models topped what the company had seen in the previous two years.

"Suffice to say that our customers are really, really interested in these great
new devices," he said.

With screens of 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are
considerably bigger than Apple devices released last year, which measured 4
inches diagonally. Although many manufacturers have delivered devices with
larger screens in recent years, Apple has held out until now, creating pent-up
demand for a supersize iPhone. Analyst Bob O'Donnell of TECHnalysis Research
predicted that Apple's share of the smartphone market will climb a few
percentage points now that it is offering bigger screens, which consumers find
handy as they watch videos and play games on their phones.

"It's the kind of change that dramatically impacts how you think about and use
your phone," he said.

The iPhone 6, which starts at $199 with a two-year contract, and iPhone 6 Plus,
priced at $299, feature a sharper display, extended battery life and an improved
camera. Apple announced at the event Tuesday that consumers will be able to make
calls using Wi-Fi on the devices, but some consumers may have to wait for that
feature. Siegel of AT&T said WiFi calls will not be available until early next
year.

Contact Julia Love at 408-920-5536; follow her at Twitter.com/byJuliaLove .

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: LONDON, ENGLAND - SEPTEMBER 10: Shoppers wait in tents outside the
Apple Store on Regent Street as they queue to be the first to purchase the
forthcoming 'iPhone 6' mobile phone on September 10, 2014 in London, England.
The hotly anticipated mobile phone is due to be released on September 19, 2014.
(Photo by Oli Scarff/Getty Images)
Tomoaki Watanabe, right, 22, and Shion Tamura, center, 20, chat as they camp out
in the front end of a line outside an Apple Store to buy Apple's new mobile
phones at Tokyo's Ginza shopping district in Tokyo, Thursday, Sept. 11, 2014.
The iPhone 6 will feature a 4.7-inch screen, up from the 4-inch screen on the
models released in each of the previous two years. The iPhone 6 Plus will have a
5.5-inch screen and other improvements, including longer battery life. The
mobile phones will be on Japanese market on September 19. (AP Photo/Koji
Sasahara)
biz section---The iPhone 6 Plus is displayed during an announcement of new
products by Apple on Tuesday, Sept. 9, 2014, in Cupertino, Calif. (AP
Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              107 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Nepali Times

                            October 10, 2014 Friday

i-Pleasing

LENGTH: 473  words

DATELINE: Kathmandu


Kathmandu, Oct. 10 -- Give it to Apple for continuing to remain the company
whose product launches are nothing short of a world event. As with its
predecessors, millions tuned in to watch Apple CEO Tim Cook reveal the latest
iPhone models- iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, last month.

Cook called the products "the biggest advancement in the history of iPhone." A
verdict on that statement will be delivered in the future. But, are these better
than the previous 5C and 5S which were nothing more than stop gaps in the way of
a full-blown new iPhone model? Yes. The iPhone 6 is the more pocket-friendly of
the two, both in terms of size and affordability.

Apple has traditionally stuck with iPhone screen sizes near the 4-inch mark, but
the iPhone 6 breaks the mold with a 4.7-inch display. iPhones have always
boasted phenomenal displays, both in terms of brightness and color quality. The
trend continues with the iPhone 6, which sports a Retina HD screen with a
resolution of 1344x750 pixels which equates to screen density of 326PPI.
Design-wise too, the iPhone 6 is distinguishable from earlier iPhones. At a
third of an inch thick, and at a feather-light 128 grams, the iPhone 6 is a
delight to hold. Its curved design and the metal back give it a nice, solid
feel. The Touch ID home button remains at the bottom, and works the same as on
the iPhone 5S.

The iPhone 6 ships with Apples latest iOS 8 pre-installed, with new deeper focus
on extended functions like third-party keyboards, plug-ins, expanded
notifications, and a new Health app, among others. Powered by a spanking new A8
processor, the iPhone 6 boasts a 25 per cent boost in speed and 50 per cent
graphics boost over the iPhone 5S, which is ably backed up by 1GB of RAM.
On-board storage has always been a source of discontent in past iPhones, but
while there is still no expandable memory slot, Apple has bumped up maximum
storage to 128GB.

The megapixel count on both front and rear cameras remains the same as on the
iPhone 5S (8 on the back, 1.2 on the front). A new 'Auto Focus' feature on
camera allows for quicker and clearer snaps, and is especially useful for
videos.

The App Store experience that Apple offers is still unrivalled in terms of the
quality and quantity of applications, which the iPhone 6 takes full advantage
of. The trade-off of a thinner, lighter phone is of course a smaller battery,
which means if you are buying this phone, you might as well get a portable
charger too.

Yantrick's Verdict: At Rs 95,000 for the base 16GB model, iPhone 6 is definitely
not cheap. But if you are an Apple-maniac, you probably wouldn't mind buring a
deep hole in your pocket.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Nepali Times. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Himal Media Pvt. Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              108 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

Apple increasingly reliant upon success of iPhone

BYLINE: By Julia Love jmlove@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; News; Business

LENGTH: 620 words


CUPERTINO -- Across the Bay Area and beyond, the Apple faithful will rise before
dawn Friday, line up on the cold, hard concrete and then fork over hundreds of
dollars -- all so they can be first to own the iPhone 6.

What they might not realize is that Apple needs them just as much as they feel
they need the latest versions of its iconic phone.

Seven years after its debut, the iPhone has become the lifeblood of Apple. The
pocket-size powerhouse already drives more than half of the company's sales, and
that figure is likely heading north. Outfitted with the larger screens that
consumers crave, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus sparked record pre-orders last week and
are expected to fly off the shelves when they hit stores Friday. With sales for
the rest of Apple's gadgets largely flat, the company's fortunes will rise and
fall with the iPhone, analysts say.

As Colin Gillis of BGC Financial put it: "Apple is the iPhone company."

It's an ironic turn for a company that began as a computer maker determined to
be known for more than its flagship Mac. Apple dropped "Computer" from its name
in 2007, the year the original iPhone was released, to cement the shift to a
broader array of personal electronics.

To be sure, the iPhone is a great device to lean on -- it yields huge profits
for Apple, and the global smartphone market is red hot. Nevertheless, analysts
say, companies generally try to draw their sales from various products to hedge
against risk.

"It's dangerous to have all your eggs in one basket," said Roger May of Endpoint
Technologies Associates.

What's more, growth in the smartphone market is increasingly coming from the
lower end, but the iPhone is getting pricier. The iPhone 6 Plus starts at $299
with a two-year contract -- $100 more than Apple's marquee device last year.

"If the premium space slows down, that would be negative for Apple because they
are so dependent on the iPhone," Gillis said.

Yet for some consumers, Apple must simply name its price. The company announced
that it received a record 4 million pre-orders for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus on
the first day they were available, twice the volume it reported for the iPhone
5.

Some of those sales may be coming at the iPad's expense. As smartphones expand
and tablets shrink, analysts suspect that many consumers will not see the need
to lug both devices around. The iPad Mini seems particularly vulnerable,
measuring 7.9 inches diagonally, compared with the 5.5-inch display of the
iPhone 6 Plus.

Yet Apple probably isn't afraid of cannibalizing sales of the Mini, said analyst
Gene Munster, noting that the company gleans much more profit from sales of its
premium iPhone.

"They would rather sell you one iPhone 6 Plus than an iPhone and an iPad," said
Munster, who is a managing director at research firm Piper Jaffray.

And strong iPhone sales could bode well for other gadgets in Apple's portfolio.
The iPhone is designed to work best with other Apple devices, perhaps enticing
consumers who start with the smartphone to rack up more products.

After introducing the latest iPhones last week at a flashy event in Cupertino,
Apple executives rolled out Apple Pay, a mobile payments service, and the Apple
Watch, a timepiece that tracks users' fitness.

Yet despite the new offerings, the iPhone's dominance doesn't seem to be letting
up anytime soon. The Apple Pay service is built into the latest iPhones as well
as the smartwatch. And Apple Watch users must have an iPhone on their person to
take advantage of most of the timepiece's features.

"You can't have either of them without the iPhone, plain and simple," said Ramon
Llamas, an analyst at technology research firm IDC.

Contact Julia Love at 408-920-5536; follow her at Twitter.com/byJuliaLove .

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple's iPhone 6 (R) and iPhone 6 Plus (L) phones are shown together at
a Verizon store in Orem, Utah on September 18, 2014 in Orem, Utah. Apples new
iPhone 6's go on sale tomorrow September 20, 2014. (Photo by George Frey/Getty
Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              109 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                         May 9, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

From slim battery to Galaxy-like design: Here's what to expect in iPhone 6
launching in August!

LENGTH: 521  words


Apple usually launches its new iPhones in September every year. This time we
could however see it hurry a bit, launching the iPhone 6 sooner.

According to Taiwanese media reported on Friday citing unidentified supply-chain
sources (as reported by Reuters) the iPhone 6 with 4.7 inch display screen could
see a launch in August (at least a month earlier than its usual launch time
every year) while the a 5.5 inch or 5.6 inch display screen model could launch
in September.

With the news it is now confirmed that this year we will get two iPhone 6.

In another news today Economic Daily News (vie Reuters) said that about 80
million iPhone 6 handsets would be produced this year.

Now it seems the decision to withdraw the iPhone 4 from Indian market and
increased push for the iPhone 5S and 5C (to finish the existing stock), as the
company prepares to launch a new one.

Rumour round-up:

It's time today to look back at the iPhone 6 rumours and its expected specs.

A post by the Commercial Times (Via 9to5Mac) reported new iPhone will use a 2mm
battery instead of a 3mm one, which will make the phone thinner than its
predecessor.

Purported iPhone 6 silicone case that appeared on the web recently pointed to a
4.7 inches display screen, buttons placed on both left and right side, instead
of left side as in iPhone 5S.  In the iPhone 5S it was located on the left side
as a rectangular button. The volume rocker seems to have taken a seating on the
left side. (There are not circular buttons like the iPhone 5S). These is a space
above the volume rocker, probably for a USB/lightening connector.

The camera will take a position on the left side of the phone as in the iPhone
5S, and the Apple logo will adorn the phone right at the centre on the upper
side of the phone.

Another pic of the iPhone 6 that leaked via Chinese equivalent of Twitter Sina
Weibo showed off the front panel of Apple's next generation iPhone 6. This
indicated a bigger than 4-inch display in the upcoming phone.

Also expected is the Healthbook app which might launch with the iOS 8 this year.
According to a news published by 9to5Mac this year "The application will be able
to track a person's blood pressure, hydration levels, heart rate, and
potentially several other blood-related data points, such as glucose levels,
according to our sources. The software is also programmed to allow users to
enter details about their medications so that they could be reminded to take
pills at scheduled times. This will likely integrate with iOS's existing
Reminders application."

In the meanwhile lot of new videos and pictures about the concept iPhone 6 have
been posted online. A video made by Set Solutions in March this year for the new
iPhone 6 images the iPhone 6 with a sports a wider (almost edge-to-edge display)
and a fingerprint scanner. There is a 10 megapixel camera on the back and a 64
bit quad-core processor to power the phone in the 6.0 mm thin iPhone 6 concept.
This concept phone also looks at a superstronmg sapphire crystal display screen
in the phone.

Whether these specs will come in the new iPhone 6 or not will be revealed in
August when it launches.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              110 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

Wolverton: New iPhones offer fans a big step up

BYLINE: By Troy Wolverton Mercury News Columnist

SECTION: NEWS; Business

LENGTH: 939 words


With its new iPhones, Apple added more than just bigger displays. But I suspect
those big screens will be more than enough to entice plenty of iPhone fans to
upgrade.

Apple began selling the new devices -- the iPhone 6 and the jumbo-size iPhone 6
Plus -- on Friday. I've been testing both for the better part of a day and have
liked what I've seen so far. I've not had the phones long enough to test all
their features or Apple's claims about them, but I've used them long enough to
get some strong first impressions.

The most obvious difference between the new iPhones and their predecessors is,
of course, the size of their screens. The iPhone 6 has a 4.7-inch display, which
is about 38 percent larger than that in the iPhone 5s. The iPhone 6 Plus,
meanwhile, has a 5.5-inch display, which is about 88 percent bigger than last
year's model.

The new displays put the iPhones more or less in line with their Android rivals,
such as Samsung's Galaxy S5 and Galaxy Note 4, and allow them to much more
easily display text, photos and videos. Reading documents and emails on the new
models was a joy compared to reading them on my iPhone 5s.

Apple has tweaked iOS 8 to take advantage of the extra large screen on the 6
Plus. When users rotate the device so it's positioned horizontally, iOS will
rotate the home screen too. Inside particular apps, iOS will split the screen to
show more information. In the Mail app, for example, users can see both the list
of messages in their inbox and the full text of a particular message.

These are tricks Apple borrowed from the iPad, and they work well on the new
phone.

In addition to their bigger screens, the new phones offer a revamped design,
with edges that curve right into the glass of their displays. And the new
devices are actually thinner than their predecessors, helping keep their overall
size down.

I'm not a big fan of jumbo-size devices, so the iPhone 6 Plus still feels too
big in my hands. But thanks in part to its svelte shape, the regular iPhone 6
feels like it is just about the right size.

The other significant advantage of a larger phone is that it provides room for a
higher capacity battery. Apple claims that the iPhone 6 will provide up to 14
hours of talk time and the iPhone 6 Plus up to 24 hours, compared to just 10
hours on the iPhone 5s. I didn't get a chance to verify those claims, but the
iPhone 6 Plus did last through all my tests without needing to recharge, despite
not starting with a full battery.

The other big feature that sets the new models apart from their predecessors is
the ability to make wireless payments with the new Apple Pay service. Borrowing
yet another page from its Android rivals, Apple has included in the new devices
a near-field communications antenna, which is the standard method for such
payments. At special registers, users will be able to pay for items with their
credit or debit card accounts by merely pointing their phones at them and
touching the phone's fingerprint sensors.

Unfortunately, early adopters won't be able to use the new feature because Apple
isn't slated to turn on Apple Pay until sometime next month.

Apple has also upgraded the camera system on the new phones. One of their most
impressive features is a superfast new autofocus system. The camera appears to
take about half as much time to focus on subjects as that in the iPhone 5s and
can switch nearly instantaneously from macro to distance shots and back again.
The feature is particularly noticeable when shooting video, as it continuously
and quickly adjusts the focus without users needing to manually tap on the
screen.

The new phones will also shoot regular video at up to 60 frames per second and
slow-motion videos at up to 240 frames per second -- up from 30 and 120 frames
per second, respectively, in the iPhone 5s -- offering amazing new views of fast
action. Both also offer enhanced image stabilization, which is supposed to help
reduce jerkiness in videos and compensate for fast-moving subjects in pictures.
However, I wasn't able to tell much of a difference over last year's phone.

Many of the new phones' other features are less noticeable, but will likely
improve your experience with them. They have significantly faster processors and
support faster data rates over both Wi-Fi and cellular networks. They also
support Voice over LTE, a new standard for making voice calls that will finally
allow users of Verizon and Sprint iPhones to surf the Internet while talking on
the phone.

I liked what I saw of the new iPhones -- particularly the regular iPhone 6. Big
screens may be old hat for Android users, but I think they're going to be a
welcome change for iPhone fans.

Contact Troy Wolverton at 408-840-4285 or Twitter.com/troywolv.Troy's
First impressions
What: iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones
Likes: Big new screens; thin, lightweight designs; longer battery life,
particularly on the 6 Plus; split-screen viewing in iPhone 6 Plus; much faster
autofocus in camera; faster processors and wireless radios.
Dislikes: iPhone 6 Plus is too big to hold easily and comfortably in one
average-sized hand; one key new feature -- Apple Pay -- won't work until next
month; entry level models have too little storage space.
Specs: 64-bit dual-core processors; 4.7-inch, 1334 x 750 pixel screen (on the
iPhone 6); 5.5-inch, 1920 x 1080 pixel screen on (on the 6 Plus); 1.2-megapixel
front and 8-megapixel rear cameras.
Price: For iPhone 6 with a two-year contract: $200, for 16-gigabyte, $300 for
64-gigabyte and $400 for 128-gigabyte models. For iPhone 6 Plus, $300 for
16-gigabyte, $400 for 64-gigabyte and $500 for 128-gigabyte models.
Web: www.apple.com

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              111 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

iPhone 6 launch before Diwali, but iPhone 6 Plus could be delayed

BYLINE: Debashis Sarkar

LENGTH: 424  words


So the iPhone 6 is coming to India before Diwali afterall. It is reliably learnt
that Apple resellers here are expecting to start sales of the Apple iPhone 6
16GB by October 18 at a price of around Rs 55,000.

Previously, the market had speculated that the iPhone 6 will not be available in
India before Diwali and they might miss out on festive sales. However, retailers
are now preparing to sell the phone just before Diwali.

An executive at Apple Premium Reseller Imagine Store in New Delhi said the
iPhone 6 will be available in their stores by October 18 or 19, priced between
Rs 55,000 and Rs 60,000 for the 16GB model.

Another executive at Apple Premium Reseller iPlanet, with operations in
Coimbatore, Mysore and Bengaluru, also confirmed the dates. However, iPlanet did
not reveal the price bracket the phone will come in.

Meanwhile, cross-border e-commerce player Grabmore.in has started taking
pre-orders for the iPhone 6 from Indian customer before the launch and claims to
have delivered many units in India till now after the smartphone was made
available in the US.

"We had already delivered many units to our customers in India within four to
five days of the launch. However, due to the huge demand in the US, the delivery
of pending bookings along with new orders will be done by end of October or
early November," said Satish Das, Executive Director, Grabmore.

Grabmore.in had initially priced the iPhone 6 16 GB at Rs. 61,999. Later, they
updated it to Rs. 54,999. It is shipping from the US itself with one-year global
warranty.

"We are offering the unlocked iPhone 6 16 GB model which was launched in the US
to our Indian customers at a price of Rs. 54,999 now. We are expecting it to be
available locally by October 17 or 18. If this happens we will deliver the
locally available iPhone 6 handsets, instead of the imported version. The iPhone
6 16 GB price in India is expected to be close to around Rs. 55,000. If the
price at which we are selling happens to more than the local price then we will
surely refund the excess amount," said Das.

The market had also speculated that the iPhone 6 Plus will arrive along with the
iPhone 6 and would be available at a starting price of around Rs. 65,000 to Rs.
70,000. However, it is quite possible that the iPhone 6 Plus may not be
available in India now. "The iPhone 6 Plus will take some time to arrive as the
supply is pretty slow. We are offering the imported version of the iPhone 6 Plus
16 GB for Rs 59,999. We are expecting the iPhone 6 Plus to be priced around Rs
60,000," added Das.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            September 4, 2015 Friday

The iPhone 6s rumour mill

BYLINE: Karan Bajaj

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 809 words


Invites for the next iPhone launch on September 9 are already out and like every
year there is a lot of excitement around the new phone. Karan Bajaj brings you a
list of rumored upgrades and features that Apple's upcoming superphone might
have.

NO INCREASE IN BASE STORAGE

While initial rumors suggested that Apple might increase the base storage to
32GB instead of 16GB offers some advice on better for the new iPhone, new leaks
have come up claiming that 16GB base versions will continue. Since management
and how to set cloud services (Apple Music streaming, iCloud) can be used to
keep internal storage free, Apple unhackable) passwords has no need to increase
the base storage.

Probability \xAD 100%

IMPROVED HARDWARE

While the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus both have dual core processor with 1GB RAM,
competition has moved to octa core processors with 4GB RAM. Apple will be
playing catch up here and is expected to upgrade the new iPhone's with quad core
processor and 2GB RAM.There are chances that Apple might use the triple core A8+
processor that comes on the iPad Air 2.

Probability \xAD 100%

BETTER CAMERAS

Camera is one department where Apple has always had the lead and with the new
iPhone they will want to continue having an edge over competitors.Rumors suggest
that the new iPhone will have a 12MP sensor with optical image stabilisation and
4k video recording. Front-facing camera is expected to be upgraded to a 5MP unit
for selfies.

Probability \xAD 100%

FORCE TOUCH

Force touch essentially enables the device to identify the difference between a
light and strong touch. It is already present on the Apple watch and Macbook's
trackpad so the inclusion of the technology on upcoming iPhone is expected.
There are multiple uses of Force Touch for added convenience in launching an
operating apps and games.

Probability \xAD 75%

ADDED DURABILITY

Bendgate became a rather big issue for Apple with the all metal design of the
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. This is one issue that Apple has expected to have taken
steps to avoid on the newer iPhones. Rumours say that Apple has improved the
durability using 7000 se ries aluminum on the chassis. The sturdy con struction
removes any chance of the bending issue to arise again.

Probability \xAD 100%

BETTER BATTERY LIFE

iPhone 6 has a 1,810mAh battery while the iPhone 6 Plus has a 2,915mAh battery .

With improvement in construction mate rial there are chances that Apple might
opt for slightly better batteries for the new iPhone. We don't expect a massive
increase in the capacity but a hundred mAh or so increase could be there.

Probability \xAD 75%

NEW COLOURS

Space grey , silver and gold are the three colours currently available on the
iPhone. Recent rumors and leaked images suggest Apple is planning to bring the
rose gold colour option from Apple watch on the iPhone. If launched, the pink
hue might garner the same atten tion as gold colour when it was intro duced on
the iPhone.

Probability \xAD 50%

SMALLER IPHONE

Not everyone liked the larger design of the iPhone 6. Some users preferred the
iPhone for its compact size and for such users Apple could launch a small er
version of the iPhone. Name wise speculations say it could be the iPhone 6s mini
or it iPhone 6c. Expected is a a 4-inch retina display in an iPhone 5 type metal
body with hardware and features similar to iPhone 6.

Probability \xAD 75%

PRICE & AVAILABILITY

Following their usual pricing strategy, we expect Apple to r password price the
iPhone 6s from US$649 (16GB) onwards while the iPhone t better (read: 6s Plus
will be US$749 onwards.

Expect them to arrive in India toward s the end of October

Wireless Charging

Built-in wireless charging could be a big feature that Apple can include in the
upf coming iPhone. This would be a welcome addition by accessory manufacturers
as i well as users. e 50% probability

Expandable storage

Non-expandable storage is one of the major complain from Apple iPhone
owners.Apple just might provide a solution with the new iPhone by offering a
storage expansion slot.0% Probability

Larger Screen

The iPhone 6 came with larger display compared to the iPhone 5s where as the
iPhone 6 Plus marked Apple's entry into the phablet segment. A revision of
screen size again is highly unlikely 0% probability

Curved Display

Samsung has three phones with curved displays.Apple launching a phone with
curved display would even the odds but an iPhone with curved display this year
is doubtful.25% probability

Animated Wallpaper

One of the most loved features on the Apple watch is the option of animated
wallpapers. Android has had the feature for a while now and its high time Apple
intriduced it for the iPhone.75% probability

Revised Design

Apple has a trend of keeping the same design for two generations of iPhone. So
we don't expect Apple to revamp the design in the the upcoming iPhones.0%
probability .

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              113 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                           December 20, 2013, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending Dec. 20;
Dueling dates, big-screen yawn, the Walmart Clue

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1653 words


The iOSphere was riven by controversy as "experts" dueled on iPhone 6
announcement dates. The fact that it was a phonycontroversy only made it more
intolerable.

And could it be that a bigger-than-4-inch display would not set the world on
fire? What villainy is this?

And those holiday iPhone 5s and 5C discounts? There's a Far Deeper Significance
to them.

You read it here second.

iPhone 6 will be announced in June or July 2014 Or as the headline for Tyler
Lee's post at Ubergizmo puts it, "iPhone 6 Predicted To Launch Mid 2014,
According To Analyst."

The actual source for Lee's post, and for many other Internet posts, was a new
"research note" from Susquehanna Financial Group analyst Mehdi Hosseini, a note
that was actually about flash memory maker SanDisk. Kevin Shalvey at Investor's
Business Daily may have been among the first to pick up on the note.  Hosseini
thinks that SanDisk will benefit from various smartphone trends, including the
rising smartphone market in China and the Next iPhone. SandDisk apparently
became an Apple supplier for the 2012 iPhone 5.  According to the IBD post,
Hosseini's research note includes several rather vague generalities about what
Apple "is expected" to do. The use of "is expected" or "is likely" is an
iOSphere convention that is used to deflect attention from a severe paucity of
facts. The conventions create the impression that there is an expert, or at
least an informed, consensus based on some kind analysis. In almost every case,
that's not the case.

Here's how Shalvey puts it: "Apple is expected to introduce its next iPhone,
possibly named the iPhone 6, in June or July 2014. It's 'actually expected to be
a more meaningful product refresh' than the two iPhone versions launched in
2013, according to Hosseini. 'Although there is no color yet on the iPhone 6
specs, our recent checks in Taiwan and Korea suggest Apple has already begun
negotiating with its memory suppliers to secure capacities.'" As a basis for,
you know, knowledge, these sentences are useless. A "more meaningful product
refresh" apparently means "more visible changes that even an idiot could see
compared to what was in the last phone." It sidesteps the question of whether
Apple intends the Next iPhone to be a refresh of the product line or a distinct
separate product, for example, adding a bigger-than-four-inch-display iPhone
while still offering the four-inch-display iPhone.

The closest Hosseini comes to evidence is the "suggestion" that Apple has
"already begun negotiating" with memory suppliers.

But negotiating about what? And about which Apple products? And for what
product-release timeframe? He doesn't say; he may not know.

Back to Tyler Lee at Ubergizmo. Having drawn our attention to Hosseini's
speculation, Lee tells us to ignore it. "Like we said, based on previous iPhone
releases for the past three years, it would be highly suspect that Apple would
suddenly revert to its mid-year schedule again," Lee declares authoritatively.
While it is not completely out of the question, it does not make much sense for
now. However we wouldn't be surprised if Apple had already planned its next
iPhone, although we doubt a mid-year release is in the cards. Take it with a
grain of salt for now, but if you have been following the tech scene, this is
one rumor you're better off discounting."

Highly suspect, but not out of the question, we wouldn't be surprised, we doubt,
discount. By the time you reach the end, you realize that Lee is simply guessing
based on what Apple has done for the past three years. Overlooking that Apple
did something different during the three years before that.

iPhone 6 release date a "controversy," with "experts split" on date If you can't
find a good rumor, make one up.

And the one that Michael Briggs at the clickbait website DesignNTrend made up is
"iPhone 6 Release Date Controversy: Experts Disagree."  Briggs' post is the
iOSphere equivalent of Rocky Road ice cream: He seems to have scoured the
Internet and thrown in every single recent and not so recent rumor, referencing
but not linking to the original sources, or at least the sources where he read
about the rumor.

He picked up the IBD post on Hosseini's research note and structured his opening
around that, so that he could then "balance" the mid-year prediction with
later-year predictions, thus creating the illusion of a "controversy."

"A Spring-Summer release has been mentioned in previous reports, but there have
also been an abundance of reports that claim Apple will stick to its past
tendencies with the 6, including recent articles by Bloomberg, which states two
curved iPhone models will be unveiled in the fall, and Chinese tech site Epoch
Times, which claims the new iPhones won't be released until October 2014."

Briggs even drags in Gene "BlockBuster" Munster -- based on a research note
Munster released last October, nearly three months ago - in which the Piper
Jaffray analyst gave his expert opinion that iPhone 6 will be a "blockbuster" in
mid-2014.

Bryan Wolfe at AppAdvice had the same idea as Briggs, or borrowed it. His post's
headline warns, rather ominously, "Experts Are Split On When Apple Will Release
The 'iPhone 6.'"  "So what does the crystal ball say about the 2014 iPhone
release date? It's murky, at best," he declares. Murky as crystal.

Or clear as murk.

Wolfe thinks there was a consensus about the iPhone 6 release because the
Chinese site Epoch Times and Bloomberg News both "report" that it will occur in
the fall of 2014. But then along comes Hosseini.

"Throwing a wrench in all this is a new report from Inventors Business Daily. In
it, Susquehanna Financial Group analyst Mehdi Hosseini says that the iPhone 6
will likely come out in June or July 2014."

An expert is a person who has "special skill or knowledge in some particular
field; specialist; authority." It derives from the Latin "experiri" meaning to
try, to test. As a result, the original "expert" was a "person wise through
experience," according to Dictionary.com.

But in all of these posts, there is little experience, and even less wisdom.

If iPhone 6 has a big screen, no one will care Waxing philosophical, a post at
ValueWalk wonders "iPhone 6 Is A Bestselling Idea, But Will It Be A Good Phone?"

The author, ValueWalk Staff, never gets around to answering that and the bulk of
the post rehashes a new "outlook" on Apple's stock by two stock analysts with
J.P. Morgan Equity Research, Mark Moskowitz and Mike Kim. They're bullish in the
long-term apparently.

Though why they are isn't very clear. As ValueWalk Staff puts it, with
unexpected realism, "Analysts think investors will look beyond near-term
quarterly beats and start asking '[what's next?', and analysts at JPM do not
know what is next."

Talk about an epitaph for the iOSphere.

Moskowitz and Kim do not set great hope that the intensively rumored
Bigger-Than-4-Inch-Display iPhone will be, to quote Gene Munster, a
"blockbuster."

"Given most of the smartphone market is already there, it is unlikely that a
larger screen size iPhone 6 alone will drive a significant shift in market
share, in analysts view," according to ValueWalk. "They think that consumers who
wanted a larger screen already own a smartphone from Samsung Electronics Co.,
Ltd. or another vendor. Apple Inc. may potentially grab some of those users with
a large-screen iPhone (iPhone 6), but land grabs can be more difficult than
penetration of new adopters."

The Rollup isn't going to comment on the penetration difficulties.

But the argument that a large-screen iPhone 6 will not necessarily result in a
massive increase in iPhone sales, or be regarded as a breakthrough in
innovation, is at least interesting. We lack specific sales data at this point
for the 4-inch iPhone 5S (or the 5C), but it seems to be at least as popular as
the iPhone 5, which was extremely popular indeed. While ValueWalk seems to think
that some kind of breakthrough, or as they put it "impactful catalyst," is
needed, Apple's strategy of continuous improvements that preserve, refine, and
facilitate the total "user experience," is driving iPhone sales just fine.

iPhone 6 will be released soon because Walmart is discounting iPhone 5S, 5C "As
part of a holiday sale starting Friday [December 20], Wal-Mart plans to offer
the iPhone 5c for $27 with a two-year contract from AT&T or Verizon," reports
Salvador Rodriguez, in a story for the LA Times.  The list price with contract
is $99, so a discount of roughly 60 percent is enticing. Which is the idea of
holiday promotions.

The iPhone 5S is also being discounted at Walmart for a while, offered at $127
with a two-year contract, down from its regular $199.

Everybody is getting into the act, as Macrumors' Juli Clover noted in her own
Walmart-related post. "Best Buy is offering a $75 discount on the iPhone 5s with
the purchase of a two-year contract and MacMall is offering the 16GB iPhone 5s
for $120 and the 16GB iPhone 5c for $20," she writes. "Sam's Club will be
selling the iPhone 5s for $119 with a two-year contract through January. From
Dec. 13-15, the deal will be available to non-members as well."

But there is more to this than meets the eye bedazzled by Christmas, or
"holiday," tinsel and lights, according to Kristin Dian Mariano. In her post at
International Business Times, she reveals to readers that "This sudden decrease
in iPhone prices hint the coming iPhone 6 release date, which is speculated to
happen early next year."

Early. Next. Year. Is that a Christmas present or what, even if it is
technically after Christmas. Of  course, that would mean that you should not, no
matter how tempting the low price, buy the iPhone 5S or 5C because they are
about to replaced, perhaps in a matter of weeks, by the Awesome Blockbuster
iPhone 6. Or you could just wait for the iPhone 7.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network
World.Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              114 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

China regulator approves iPhone 6 for sale in China

LENGTH: 288  words


Apple Inc's iPhone 6 can now be sold in China, after the company received a
license for the device to be used on China's wireless networks.

A customer holds an iPhone 6 (R) and iPhone 6 Plus after the phones went on sale
at the Fifth Avenue Apple store in Manhattan, New York Sept 19,
2014.[Photo/Agencies]

Apple Inc's iPhone 6 can now be sold in China, after the firm received a licence
for the device to be used on China's wireless networks.

The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT) said on its website
on Tuesday that it had approved the iPhone 6 after Apple addressed potential
security risks that could allow personal data to leak.

The iPhone 6 had been released in other countries, including the United States,
on September 19 but Apple did not give a release data for China.

The approval paves the way for Apple to sell the iPhone 6 in China, the world's
largest smartphone market and one of Apple's biggest for iPhone sales. Analysts
expect the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus to sell well in China, where many people prefer
phones with larger screens.

The MIIT said it had conducted "rigorous security testing" on the iPhone 6, and
that it had held talks with Apple on the issue. Apple also shared with the
ministry materials related to the potential security issues, which it said were
related to diagnostic tools, the statement said.

Apple sold a record 10 million units of the iPhone 6 models in the first weekend
after their launch, which excluded China. Last year, the US tech firm sold 9
million iPhone 5S and 5C models in 11 countries, including China, in the same
period.

Apple was not available for immediate comment.

IPhone 6 sets records, but problems quickly emerge
Apple fans line up around the world for iPhone 6

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              115 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

Apple fan frenzy as iPhone 6 hits store shelves

BYLINE: By Julia Love jmlove@mercuyrnews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Business

LENGTH: 825 words


SAN FRANCISCO -- Christmas came in September this year for Apple devotees, who
stormed the company's Bay Area stores Friday morning to buy new iPhones, though
not all got the models on their wish lists.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were met with delirious excitement by fans, many of whom
had awakened at the crack of dawn -- or even camped out -- to buy them first.
With significantly larger screens, the new iPhones help Apple match competitors
like Samsung, which have long offered devices that blur the line between
smartphones and tablets.

Hundreds of people clogged Chestnut Street in San Francisco's Marina
neighborhood, where the line to enter the Apple Store wrapped around the block.
Many were fatigued after a sleepless night in the cold, but they perked up once
they'd secured the prized phones. Raul Ramos, a 68-year-old San Francisco
resident, was jubilant as he strolled out of the store with a gold 6 Plus in
hand.

"I'm not going home to sleep," said Ramos, a retired pharmacist who has camped
out for every new model since the iPhone 3. "I'm going to be playing with it."

Like Ramos, many Apple fans on Chestnut Street set their sights on the 6 Plus,
which has a 5.5-inch screen that dwarfs Apple's previous versions. But supplies
did not last long. Reza Asadi, who spent a night of his San Francisco vacation
on the sidewalk in hopes of buying the 6 Plus, left the Apple Store
disappointed.

"After 14 hours of waiting, I didn't manage to get what I wanted," said the
40-year-old journalist and London resident, who bought a space-gray iPhone 6
instead.

Fans clustered on University Avenue in Palo Alto were treated to a visit from
CEO Tim Cook, who opened the doors of the Apple Store with a broad smile.

"Thanks to all the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus owners around the world!" he
wrote on Twitter Friday morning.

Apple unveiled the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus last week as part of a wave of new
products and services at a star-studded event in Cupertino. If supplies don't
run out, many analysts predict that Apple will sell more than 10 million iPhones
this weekend, up from 9 million during the opening weekend for the iPhone 5S and
5C last year. 451 Research analyst Carl Howe expects sales to reach 12 million
to 15 million units, noting that cities around the world have reported record
lines.

"This is a very strong launch," he said.

The devices also went up for sale in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong
Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the U.K. on Friday, and Apple will open
up sales in more than 20 additional countries next Friday.

The iPhone 6 costs $199 with a two-year contract, while the 6 Plus starts at
$299. Apart from their superior size, the phones offer sharper displays,
improved battery life and an upgraded camera, Apple has said. In addition, the
gadgets are equipped with Apple Pay, a mobile payments service that allows users
to buy items in stores with a wave of their phones.

Braving a cold and gray night in San Francisco, Apple fans were, if not
comfortable, at least well fed. Apple employees served up coffee and biscuits
for breakfast, and later in the morning, Chase representatives dressed in shirts
that read "#feedtheline" doled out burritos.

Fans slept at their own peril. Kelly Sanders, a 22-year-old nurse who came to
trade her iPhone 5S for a 6 Plus, said she dozed off in the wee hours of the
morning with about 20 people ahead of her in line. She woke up two hours later
to find some 40 people standing between her and the doors of the Apple Store.

With rampant cutting in line, "you couldn't shut your eyes," said Sanders, who
was visiting from Las Vegas.

People in line said tensions flared during the night between die-hard Apple fans
and people who planned to resell the devices on the booming gray market. San
Francisco photographer Diane Rieger, 32, said she agreed to buy the phone for a
local startup, and expected to take home about $500 for her work. But she was
dismayed by the resellers' behavior.

"I'm worried about humanity," she said. "Forget the phone -- don't be that kind
of person."

Tony Ring-Dowell, a four-year veteran of the iPhone line, agreed that the scene
was more cutthroat this year. But by the time he strode out of the Apple Store
with a pair of iPhone 6s, he said he was "elated."

"This year I'm even more excited because the phone is so different and I waited
much longer for it," said Ring-Dowell, who lives in Daly City.

Shaun Johnson, who works on PayPal's mobile team, said he felt confident
springing for the 5.5-inch 6 Plus after test-driving a cardboard model of the
device that was circulating the line. Though he had to show up shortly after 5
p.m. Thursday to claim the device, Johnson and those he befriended in line found
a place to seek refuge.

"We spent most of the night in a wine bar," the 35-year-old San Francisco
resident said.

Staff writer Patrick May contributed to this story. Contact Julia Love at
408-920-5536. Follow her at Twitter.com/byJuliaLove .

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PALO ALTO, CA - SEPTEMBER 19: Apple CEO Tim Cook (L) takes a selfie
photo with a man waiting in line to buy the new iPhone 6 at an Apple Store on
September 19, 2014 in Palo Alto, California. Hundreds of people lined up to
purchase the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus that went on sale today. (Photo by
Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
PALO ALTO, CA - SEPTEMBER 19: Apple CEO Tim Cook (C) takes a selfie photo with a
people waiting in line to buy the new iPhone 6 at an Apple Store on September
19, 2014 in Palo Alto, California. Hundreds of people lined up to purchase the
new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus that went on sale today. (Photo by Justin
Sullivan/Getty Images)
PALO ALTO, CA - SEPTEMBER 19: Apple CEO Tim Cook greets customers at an Apple
Store as sales begin for the new iPhone 6 on September 19, 2014 in Palo Alto,
California. Hundreds of people lined up to purchase the new iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus that went on sale today. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
OREM, UT - SEPTEMBER 18: Apple's iPhone 6 (L) and iPhone 6 Plus (R) boxes and
phones are shown together at a Verizon store in Orem, Utah on September 18, 2014
in Orem, Utah. Apples new iPhone 6's go on sale tomorrow September 20, 2014.
(Photo by George Frey/Getty Images
OREM, UT - SEPTEMBER 18: Apple's iPhone 6 (R) and iPhone 6 Plus (L) phones are
shown together at a Verizon store in Orem, Utah on September 18, 2014 in Orem,
Utah. Apples new iPhone 6's go on sale tomorrow September 20, 2014. (Photo by
George Frey/Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              116 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  My Republica

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

Reinvention of the iPhone

LENGTH: 749 words

DATELINE: Nepal


Nepal, Sept. 12 -- Since Apple released its iPhone 5s in 2013, Apple fans have
been waiting for a long time for a new addition to their iPhone family. Apple
responded with the iPhone 6, scheduled to be released on September 19, 2014.

The iPhone 6 makes significant changes to the iPhone line, with sleek new design
elements and marks Apple's journey into bigger screens. The new iPhone 6 is
impressive in the fact that it represents one of the biggest overhauls that
Apple has performed on the iPhone line since their release of the iPhone 4.

The biggest change you notice on the iPhone 6 is how Apple has implemented a new
hardware design to the phone. The phone gets rid of the sharp edges of the
iPhone 5s to make way for more soft rounded edges and an ergonomic design that
sits well on the palm. The phone feels more like its tablet brother the iPad Air
with a metallic finish that almost feels ceramic. The rounded edges of the phone
make it feel ticker that it really is and it also makes it prone to more
accidental drops than the sharp edges of its predecessor.

Another design change that Apple seems to have implemented is curved glass
around the edges of the phone, which, although not so significant, brings a
fresh feel to an old design.

Apple has also decided to go with the power on the right spine of the phone,
probably because of the bigger screen. It is a welcome change in comparison to
the button on top.

The screen on the iPhone 6 is bigger and will come as a welcome change to Apple
users envious of phone like the S5 or the HTC One.

The phone comes in two variations primarily separated on the basis of their
screen. The iPhone 6 boats a 4.7-inch display which still seems like a child in
front of the massive 5.1-inch screen of the Samsung S5. The iPhone 6 Plus,
however, comes with a bigger 5.5-inch screen with a much higher resolution. The
iPhone 6 Plus seems like a competitor for Phablets like the Galaxy Note series
but it still is dwarfed by the 5.7-inch display of the Galaxy Note 4.

Apple has also implemented a newer variation of its retina display technology on
the iPhone 6, that they call 'Retina HD'. The new screen has the same
pixel-density of 326ppi of the iPhone 5 with a 1334x750 resolution. The bigger
plus version of the phone comes with a 401ppi density with a 1,080p full HD
resolution.

The screen on the iPhone 6 is bigger and will come as a welcome change to Apple
users envious of phone like the S5 or the HTC One.

Although the iPhone does fall back in the light of newer phones with full HD
resolutions (even the plus version falls behind Samsung Galaxy Note 4's
2560x1440 resolutions), the phone does not look bad. The display is crisp and
for a screen that is smaller than 5-inches, approx. 720p resolution does not
look that bad.

In terms of performance upgrades, Apple has equipped the iPhone 6 with their
newest line of A8 processors that Apple claims to have 50 percent faster
graphics and a 25 percent faster CPU. In terms of sensors, the iPhone 6 also has
new sensor tricks that will give you information about elevation, air pressure
or distance estimates. These new sensors should help Apple with more of their
fitness apps. The Wi-Fi on the phone is also expected to be faster with support
for faster connections. The battery of the phone has also been upgraded, and the
phone is rated to run 11 hours on Wi-Fi video. A big addition to the phone is a
US-only service called the Apple Pay that packs the NFC technology that lets you
pay with your phone.

Looking at the software aspect of the phone, the iPhone 6 comes installed with
the latest version of their mobile operating system, the iOS 8. The iOS 8 looks
pretty much like the iOS 7 and brings almost no noticeable change to the
user-interface but it adds a few new features, like a new keyboard, better
notification center and Android-like widgets.

The iPhone 6 seems like an important step that Apple needed to take in their
modernization of the iPhone line but Apple still lags far behind when it comes
to newer standards that have been employed by their competitors.

But the iPhone has never been the fastest, the largest or the smallest phone,
and yet it seems to be doing well. So the new addition to Apple's iPhone line
could be an upgrade that many Apple users might have been looking for.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Republica. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Nepal Republic Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              117 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                               November 06, 2014

Over 2,000 Glo Subscribers Pre-Register for iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus

LENGTH: 354 words


National telecom carrier, Globacom, has announced that over 2,000 subscribers
had so far pre-registered for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, Apple's two latest
devices that will soon be available for purchase at all GloWorld outlets
nationwide upon its formal launch in Nigeria this month.

The development followed the signing of an agreement between the telecom
operator and Apple's authorised distributor for Africa, Core Group.

According to a statement made available to journalists in Lagos yesterday,
Globacom is offering its customers the added advantage of bundling the devices
with the company's super fast Internet service, Glo Bolt.

The release from Globacom stated that buyers of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus from
any GloWorld outlet nationwide will enjoy the same after-sale support available
to buyers of the devices anywhere else in the world.

"When you purchase iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus from GloWorld outlets, you have
rest of mind, as you are sure of the genuineness and newness of the devices you
have bought," Globacom said in the statement. "In addition, you get the best
bargain possible for the devices and you don't have to worry about how to enable
their functionalities, as they come bundled with super fast Glo Bolt internet
service," the statement said. Globacom also said unlike the devices purchased
outside Nigeria or from the grey market in the country, the iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus obtained from GloWorld outlets have one year official Apple warranty, in
addition to other benefits accruable to original Apple products purchased from
authorised channels across the world.

"Nigerians will not have to travel to Dubai or the United States of America to
get genuine iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, thanks to Globacom. All you need to do
is to walk into any of our signature retail shops, GloWorld, our accredited
dealer outlets and Glo Zones in the country to get your genuine iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus," the statement said.

Globacom urged Nigerians to avail themselves of the opportunity and enjoy the
premium quality, reliability and speed of Globacom's robust 3G plus network, as
well as exciting data bundles.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              118 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Apple kicks off gala event with larger iPhones

LENGTH: 421  words


Apple Inc unveiled two new iPhones on Tuesday with sharper and larger displays,
confirming longstanding speculation it will move into a market segment dominated
by arch-rival Samsung Electronics.

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

CUPERTINO, Calif. - Apple Inc unveiled two new iPhones on Tuesday with sharper
and larger displays, moving into a market segment dominated by arch-rival
Samsung Electronics.

The 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus will support more than 200
telecoms carriers worldwide, including all three in China - a key growth market
for the company.

Apple is expected to introduce its first new product since the iPad in 2010, a
smartwatch, later on Tuesday.

Bernstein Research analyst Toni Sacconaghi estimated on Tuesday that if Apple
were to sell 30 million iWatches at $250 each, it would add about $7.5 billion
to its revenue.

Rival electronics giants such as Sony Corp, Samsung, LG Electronics Inc and
Qualcomm Inc have already launched smartwatches, albeit without much success.

The pressure is on for the world's largest tech company to wow at its "special
event" in Cupertino. The prospect of Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook unveiling
the first device developed under his reign attracted a broader swathe of
attendees than usual, with celebrities, fashion industry editors and even
healthcare executives rounding out the mostly tech-industry crowd.

In a rare move for the company, Apple had planned on livecasting its event
online, with a simultaneous translation in Chinese. But the livestream went down
for many users about a half-hour in, prompting many to take to Twitter to
express their frustrations.

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-president at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
and the iPhone 6 Plus during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino,
California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

The battery life the Iphone 5s, Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9,
2014. [Photo by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice President at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9,
2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

IPhone 6 Plus starts at $299 with a two-year contract. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              119 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                             March 7, 2014, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending March 7;
Apple rumors: Bigger screens through failure, massivity, A8 chips

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1990 words


The iOSphere overflowed with gratitude for the monumental failure, the colossal
collapse, the flop, the fiasco, the disasterof the iPhone 5C because it has
finally convinced Apple to give the iPhone 6 a screen larger than four inches.

Rarely has irrationality been suffused with such smugness.

Also this week, Apple is planning a "massive launch" for iPhone 6. Apparently
the other iPhone launches were less than massive.

New speculation emerged that the Apple A8 processor is being cranked out already
and that Samsung isn't doing the cranking.

+ Also on NetworkWorld: Hottest iPhone 6 design concepts +  Finally, don't
expect the iPhone 6 before late summer, which of course extends this year to
Sept. 23, and that means you can expect iPhone 6...during the same period that
Apple has been announcing iPhones for years.

You read it here second.

Thank heavens for the iPhone 5C. Apparently, it's been such a "failure" and
"flop" and "fiasco" that Apple has come to its corporate senses and decided to
build the iPhone 6 with a screen bigger than four inches.

This heretofore unknown dynamic was revealed first in yet another brief
Digitimes post that cites a confusing mix of sources - "recent market rumors"
and "Taiwan-based supply chain makers" - on the "below-expectations sales
performance" and "inventory volumes" of iPhone 5C.

Here's the opening: "Due to below-expectations sales performance, recent market
rumors have indicated that iPhone 5c shipments drastically decreased at the end
of 2013 and inventory volumes have built up to more than three million units,
consisting of about two million units at ODM Pegatron Technology and over one
million units in total with telecom carriers and distributors, according to
Taiwan-based supply chain makers."

It's hard to evaluate these claims without knowing if an inventory of 3 million
is unusual for either the six months that the iPhone 5C has been available or
for any previous iPhone. Keep in mind that Apple sells tens of millions of
iPhones every quarter. And keep in mind that inventories change constantly
according to a range of variables.

The conclusion? "In the future, the sources believe Apple's miscalculation
should help it adjust its smartphone strategy to release products with bigger
screen sizes to satisfy user demand."

This conclusion amounts to a non sequitur - it simply doesn't follow from the
premises. If the iPhone 5C's 4-inch screen was the reason for allegedly low
sales, one would expect that the iPhone 5S, which also has a 4-inch screen,
would have likewise been affected. In fact, as Apple CEO Tim Cook explained in
the January 2014 earnings call, demand for the 5S in its first three months of
availability was higher than Apple had expected at least in North America.

The Digitimes story was the basis for a post by Erik Pineda at International
Business Times with this spectacular headline: "One Solid Proof Phone 6 Will
Sport Big Display Panel on Release Date - The Monumental iPhone 5C Failure."

Pineda is certain that "the iPhone maker will surely take measures to correct
the mistakes that attended the iPhone 5C" by creating a bigger-screened iPhone
6. "The object for Apple, of course, is to erase the blot created by the iPhone
5C fiasco and maintain its growth course amidst claims by research firms that
the global smartphone is nearing the saturation point and Apple is not immune
from the negative impact that the trend will bring," Pineda concludes.

This isn't the place to rehash the hysteria that greeted Cook's carefully
nuanced comments about the 5C demand and pricing at the earnings call. (You can
find those comments by sifting through the Q&A portion of the call in this
online transcript or see the summary in this post at The Verge.) For Pineda's
reasoning to be correct, Apple would have launched the 5C last fall, concluded
by early 2014 that it was a blot, fiasco, and monumental failure, identified the
too-small screen as the cause of the failure, and decided to fix the fiasco by
designing, manufacturing and distributing a larger-screened iPhone 6 to appear
in the next six to nine months.

Only in an alternate universe that suspends reasons, the laws of science, and
common sense could such a scenario even be imagined.

The start of this meme was a typically brief, typically sketchy post at
Digitimes, which simply summed up information posted in the Chinese-language
Commercial Times.

"Foxconn Electronics is expected to land orders for 90 million units of the
iPhone 6 from Apple in 2014, the Chinese-language Commercial Times cited data
from Citigroup Global Markets as indicating," according to Digitimes' Steve
Chen. There's no link to the original story and The Rollup couldn't find one
based on a quick Internet search.

The Citigroup analyst is Wei Chen, and he apparently predicted that Apple's
smartphone shipments will rise 23% in 2014, compared to 13% in 2013, even as he
predicts global smartphone shipments will slow to 28% growth, compared to 40%
last year.

BGR's Chris Smith was impressed. In his regurgitation of the Digitimes
regurgitation he declared that "Apple is apparently getting ready for a massive
iPhone 6 launch....Foxconn is expected to land orders for 90 million iPhone 6
units this year alone."

"Assuming the 90 million iPhone 6 order is accurate, it may mean that Apple may
launch the 2014 iOS smartphones a lot earlier than anticipated, just as other
reports have recently claimed," Smith declares.

Yet this only follows if one is making a bunch of unwarranted and unsupported
assumptions, none of which are actually supported by the Digitimes post or its
haiku-like references to the invisible Commercial Times story. It's not even
completely clear that Citigroup's Chen is the source for both the projected
growth data and for the claim the Apple has ordered 90 million iPhone 6 units.

Last year, in the October-January 2013 quarter, Apple sold 51 million iPhones -
mainly iPhone 5S and 5C but also previous models still available. Apple has,
allegedly, already ordered 90 million iPhone 6 units from Foxconn. Smith seems
to be assuming that Apple is unlikely to nearly double iPhone sales in the
October-December 2014 quarter. Therefore, to sell 90 million units in 2014, it
will have to start selling them earlier.

Given how little we know about Apple's supplier arrangements, including whatever
changes it has made with regard to building the Next iPhone, and inventory
practices, the sketchy Digitimes rehash doesn't prove or even hint anything.

This rumor is a powerful example of the iOSphere's deductive reasoning.

Its starting point is yet another Commercial Times story that in essence says
contract chipmaker TSMC is cranking out Apple-designed A8 processors to be used
in the iPhone 6. That story was picked up and summarized by the wire service
Agence France Presse (AFP), and that story, if it can be called that, circulated
widely in iOSphere repostings.

iDownloadBlog's Christian Zibreg was one of the very few who posted multiple
links to the sources: he linked to the Chinese original at Commercial Times to a
Google Translate version of that post, for what it's worth, and finally, to
AFP's wire service story.  The translation result is, frankly, bewildering.
Here's the first paragraph: "Apple's next-generation smartphone iPhone 6 will
advance to the outgoing Season 3 launch, according to industry sources the
production chain, including the 20-nanometer A8 application processor,
fingerprint sensors, mobile phone baseband chip, power management IC, LCD iPhone
6 built-in driver IC chip tapeout action has commenced in late February, TSMC
(2330) almost scored Logic IC and power management IC foundry order to become
the big winner, legal optimistic forecast second-quarter revenue has opportunity
quarter by 20 to 25%."

Got that?

The second paragraph is somewhat clearer but it begins with the
credibility-killing formulation "it is understood that..."

"It is understood that the new iPhone 6 most special, one A8 application
processor for the first time to import the latest TSMC 20-nanometer process, is
expected to carry a quad-core 64-bit processor core and quad-core graphics
processor core, and second, the screen may using more than 4.7-inch sapphire
panel resolution is higher than the current iPhone uses the retina panel."

But you get The Point, the Main Idea, the Whole Concept.

The Commercial Times never mentions Samsung, but the AFP rewrite does. Samsung
has been the main supplier of Apple's A series processors for years. And for
years, speculation has been swirling, as they say, that Apple is just about, at
any time, desperately, savagely trying to cut loose from its arch smartphone
rival.

Or as AFP puts it, "Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co has started producing
chips for Apple's next iPhone, a report said Wednesday, as speculation swirls
that the US firm could be offloading rival Samsung as a supplier."

BGR's Smith didn't hesitate to join the swirling, after seeing the AFP "report."
"Samsung has apparently been left mostly out of chip production, the [AFP]
report hints, as TSMC has 'won most of the manufacturing orders for logic and
power management integrated chips for the new handset,'" Smith concludes.  But
AppleInsider interprets it all differently, and with more skepticism.

"The [Commercial Times] report suggests that TSMC has won 'most' of the orders
for Apple's next mobile processor, said to be a quad-core CPU, taking business
away from rival Samsung."

AppleInsider's post notes that "reports have suggested for years that the
Taiwanese company would begin producing chips for the iPhone in the near future.
To date, Samsung has produced all of the mobile CPUs for Apple's iPhone and
iPad...."

Finally, "claims of a chip partnership between Apple and TSMC date back to 2012,
and have been incorrectly linked to both the A6X and A7 processors, both of
which were actually manufactured by Samsung in Austin, Tex."

A post at StreetInsider brings speculation from Jefferies stock analyst Peter
Misek that Apple will be forced to launch iPhone 6 in "late summer" rather than
earlier, as it would like to.

Misek bases this on "our checks." The inference being drawn is that he's tight
with insiders within Apple's Asian supply chain.

"Those expecting an early iPhone 6 launch may be out of luck. Jefferies' Apple
analyst Peter Misek said based on his checks a late summer iPhone 6 is now
likely," according to StreetInsider.

Misek is quoted as saying that "Our checks indicate Apple is trying to improve
yields and cost down the On-Cell screens for the iPhone 6. Additionally, we
believe Apple is working on significant modifications to the camera module
processor and potentially a new co-processor alongside the M7 for biometrics and
sensors related to health. We believe these modifications require more time and
as a result a late summer launch is now more likely."

At Benzinga.com, staff writer Kurt Zuschlag picked up on this, but led with a
tweet from "famous market pundit Doug Kass" that could support or contradict
Misek. Here's the tweet from @DougKass: "High above the Alps my Gnome is hearing
that the iPhone 6 launch will be this Summer."

Kass is president of Seabreeze Partners Management, a hedge fund, where he's
described as "legendary hedge fund manager Doug Kass." Last month, according to
blogpost at the Wall Street Journal Kass said he had taken "a small short
position" in stock-darling Tesla Motors. As the blog notes, "Short sellers
borrow shares to sell them in hopes of buying them back cheaper at a later date,
aiming to profit from a price decline."

A website called PunditTracker scored Kass on his 2013 predictions, giving him
an F grade, based on getting one right and 11 wrong. Our favorite: his
prediction of "Signs of life are found on Mars in 2013," which, alas, turned out
to be "False."

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network
World.Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2014 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              120 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             August 17, 2014 Sunday

5.5 Inch iPhone 6 to be named iPhone 6L

LENGTH: 199  words


More leaks have confirmed the size and battery capacity of the upcoming iPhone
6. Apple Daily has leaked images that clearly show two versions of the iPhone 6
and according to them, the 5.5 inch model will be called "iPhone 6L" and has a
massive 2,915 mAh battery capacity. The smaller 4.7 inch iPhone will [...]
The post 5.5 Inch iPhone 6 to be named iPhone 6L appeared first on tbreak.ae.

More leaks have confirmed the size and battery capacity of the upcoming iPhone
6.

Apple Daily has leaked images that clearly show two versions of the iPhone 6 and
according to them, the 5.5 inch model will be called "iPhone 6L" and has a
massive 2,915 mAh battery capacity. The smaller 4.7 inch iPhone will be called
iPhone 6 and run with a 1810mAh battery . The leaked screenshots also show
different tints on the screen perhaps giving credence to the claim that the
larger model may sport the sapphire based glass screen.

It's not been confirmed yet if both the devices will have different processors
or at least different variants of the A8 processor but it does confirm that the
phones are designed differently on the exterior.

The post 5.5 Inch iPhone 6 to be named iPhone 6L appeared first on tbreak.ae.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2014 TBREAK MEDIA
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              121 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday
                               Australian Edition

iPhone 6 to hit 36 new markets

BYLINE: Chelsey Dulaney

SECTION: WSJ; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 163  words


APPLE said it would roll out the iPhone 6 in 36 new markets, including China and
South Africa, by the end of the month.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available in 69 countries and territories
before the start of November in what Apple is calling its fastest rollout ever.

On Friday, the iPhone will become available in China, India and Monaco. Next
week, the iPhone will roll out in Israel, Poland and the Czech Republic, among
others.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus went on sale in 10 countries on September 19. In
its first weekend of availability, Apple said it sold more than 10 million amid
significant supply shortages and demand for scalped iPhones in Asia.

Apple said the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus set a record for first-weekend iPhone
sales, eclipsing last year's mark of 9 million units when the iPhone 5S and
iPhone 5C went on sale.The company is expected to give an update on iPhone sales
when it reports results for the quarter ended September, on October 20.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              122 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Electronics For You

                                October 1, 2014

Apple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus to hit Indian markets soon

LENGTH: 111  words


Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones will be available in India from
17th October. In the US iPhone 6 starts at $649 and iPhone 6 Plus at $749.
iPhone sports 11.9cm (4.7-inch) screen and iPhone 6 Plus has a 14cm (5.5-inch)
display. With iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus Apple has made the thinnest devices
ever. As iPhone 6 is powered by the new A8 processor, it is expected to be 50
per cent more energy-efficient. Both the models sport an 8MP iSight camera with
face detection feature. iPhone 6 is also capable of capturing 43MP panorama
photos. Users will be able to pay their bills on retail stores by simply tapping
their smartphones on the payment terminals.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              123 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                             April 25, 2014, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending April 25;
The Marilyn Monroe Phone, delays, fat batteries, faith

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1588 words


Aesthetics reared its ugly, or beautiful (depending on your side of the debate),
head in the iOSphere this week, as commentarianscontemplated the question of
whether real iPhones have curves.

Speaking of curves, the iOSphere was thrown one with a rumor that the Really Big
iPhone 6 would be delayed until 2015. The reason: there are no Really Thin
Batteries for it. Finally, much was made over the prospects, via stock market
analysts, that the stock price of a  Taiwanese firm you've never heard of rise
because it would continue to be one supplier of the aluminum bodies for the
iPhone. The only reason this is important is that the analyst, perhaps unwisely,
predicted 2014 iPhone 6 shipment.

+More on Network World: Fave Raves: 33 tech pros share their favorite IT
products+ You read it here second.

__________ "Bulls excited by promise of never-before-seen Apple innovations"
            ~ This headline, to a Chris Smith post at BGR.com, wins April's
"Image-from-a-news-headline-we'd-most-like-to-forget-but-can't Award" for its
suggestion of manifestly uncastrated male bovines aroused by promises.

__________ iPhone 6 will drop flat sides, go with curves, and a "curved display"
or something A Japanese language post at Mac Otakara is spreading confusion, via
Google Translate, in the iOSphere regarding Apple's alleged plans for the body
and display of the iPhone 6.

 The translated version of the website is here. http://translate.google.com
Here's a sample: "According to reliable information, GALAXY S III , has adopted
a curved glass with a rounded edge portion, but there seems to be a possibility
that employ curved glass that was round along the curved surface iPhone 6."

The translation continues: "The SQUAIR "design of the housing, SQUAIR CURVACIOUS
BUMPER a metal housing that is similar to the state that attached the "not
employ a diamond edge processing, such as the back camera portion, which is
divided for antenna It does not seem to shape."

According to CNET's Lance Whitney, this means: "The iPhone 6 will incorporate a
curved glass display that will stay flush against the phone's new rounded
corners...."

"[T]he iPhone's more rounded body would resemble the design used in the Squair
Curvaceous Bumper, which envelopes the phone in a rounded case," Whitney writes.

Here's what that would look like, based on an image from Squair's website.

"Apple is not one to jump on the curved display bandwagon without a good
reason," Whitney reminds us. "But if the rounded corner rumor is true, then it's
possible the display itself might need to curve at the edges to fit properly."

That's one possibility for sure.

BGR put this hilarious headline on a Chris Smith post about the Mac Otakara
rumor, an exercise in pure clickbait: "New report reveals huge iPhone 6 design
changes" Redmond Pie's Paul Morris posted that Mac Otakara "is claiming that the
soon to be announced next-generation model will ship with a design overhaul in
favor of rounded edges and accompanying curved glass, very much akin to
Samsung's Galaxy S3."

And that the "same sources are suggesting that whatever device is announced
later in the year will also feature a revamped display made of slightly curved
glass that will be implemented to accompany the rounded edge design."

Jacob Kleinman at TechnoBuffalo says the post means "the upcoming device will
feature a curved glass design around the edges, offering some sort of hybrid
between the iPhone 5s and 5c design."

At CultOfMac, John Brownlee gives the Mac Otakara a pop culture spin. The iPhone
6 will "have a curved display. And that's not where the curves stopped: like
Marilyn Monroe, the iPhone 6 will also have curves that fit nicely in the hand."
In case you're too young to know who Ms. Monroe was, here's a clue.

"Every iPhone since the iPhone 4 has featured straight edges, but with the
iPhone 6, Jony Ive wants a more organic feel in the hand, which makes a lot of
sense, given that the device's increased size will likely make it harder to
hold," Brownlee confidently declares, based on his telepathic insight into the
mind of Mr. Ive.

AppleInsider's Mikey Campbell takes a swing at what "curved glass" might mean.
"To accommodate the rounded edges, a slightly curved display glass is also said
to be part of Apple's design plans," he writes. "Based on what can be gleaned
from the report, it seems like the top glass will not feature a convex face, but
rounded edges to sit flush with the chassis.

In other words, your guess is as good as anyone else's.

5.5-inch iPhone 6 will be delayed The larger version of the iPhone 6, with a
5.5-inch screen, is going to be delayed until 2015, according to a Chinese
language post at Taiwan's Commercial Times, as picked up by GForGames.

The reason: it's hard to find a battery thin enough to fit inside it.

"Accord to a recent report coming from the Taiwanese media (or Taiwan's
"Commercial Times" to be exact), Apple's 5.5-inch iPhone 6 (which has been
referred to as the "iPhone Air") might not be ready for the masses by the end of
2014," writes GForGames' Mihai Matei. "Supposedly, Apple's biggest challenge is
to create a very thin device, and the main issue is that the battery cell
suppliers are currently unable to meet the Cupertino giant's demands."

Matei has numbers. "In general, smartphone batteries have a thickness of roughly
2.8 / 2.9 millimeters, but in Apple's vision, the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 must have a
slick profile which can only be achieved by fitting a battery that measures only
2 mm or less," according to Matei.

Stranger things have happened, of course. It just seems a bit odd that - five
months from the most-expected iPhone 6 announcement date - Apple is only now
discovering there's a problem with thick batteries.

iPhone 6 metal casings to be produced by a Taiwan firm you've never heard of
This is one of those "facts" that doesn't really lead anywhere, and yet provides
the perfect growth medium for iOSphere conclusions.

The starting point is a post at FocusTaiwan, which is the English-language news
service of Central News Agency (CAN), a Taiwan-based news and media company. The
FT post is based on an investors report, prepared by Morgan Stanley analyst
Grace Chen, about Catcher Technology Co., which manufacturers metal (and other
materials) casings for a wide range of products, including smartphones.

It is at least one supplier of machined aluminum bodies for various Apple
products, including the iPhone.

"Taiwan's Catcher Technology Co., a casing supplier for Apple Inc., will benefit
from next-generation iPhone product cycle and the growing adoption of metal
casings in smartphones, Morgan Stanley said Monday in a research note,"
according to the FT post.

"Chen expects Catcher to ship 10.5 million iPhone 6 casings in 2014,
representing an estimated 15 percent share of overall iPhone 6 orders, and will
ship 20 million casings for all iPhone models, about a 17 percent share of total
iPhone orders," according to the post.

Doing the math, the result shows that Chen apparently believes that Apple will
or could or might ship a total of 70 million iPhone 6 units in 2014, most of the
presumably during the October-December quarter. So...she likes outlook for
Catcher's stock.

Another CNA news outlet, TaipeiTimes.com, carried a post about a second stock
analyst report on Catcher Technology, this one from Barclays Capital. Barclays,
too, raised its target share price for Catcher, and "said it expects Apple's
next-generation smartphone to be launched in the second half of the year and
that shipments of the new model will be 35 to 40 percent higher than the
previous one."

The fact that Catcher continues to be a case supplier to Apple for the iPhone
doesn't really tell us anything about the iPhone 6. It's a fact without meaning.
The only fact with potential meaning is Chen's guestimate of how many iPhone 6
units she thinks Apple will ship this year.

But the iOSphere boldly ventured into extrapolation.

Mihai Matei, at GForGames, condescendingly begins his post about the two analyst
forecasts by claiming that the "The iPhone 5S seems to lose its charm, reason
why recently, the handset in question has been massively discounted in the US."
(Apart from being false, his claim ignores the fact that in Apple's
just-announced second quarter iPhone sales were stronger than expected, at 43.7
million units, increasing from 37.4 million units in last year's second quarter,
resulting in a slight hike in quarterly profit and revenue.) Matei pulls Chen's
figures from the FT post and writes: "In turn, this means that Apple intends on
shipping roughly 70 million iPhone 6 units in 2014." Of course, it means nothing
of the kind. Neither Chen nor Matei have any knowledge of what Apple "intends."

Matei concludes, "Apple seems to have a lot of faith in its upcoming iPhone 6.
..." This is equally meaningless, since there's no way from way, based on a
stock analysts estimate of future product sales, what the degree of Apple's
"faith" - whatever that would mean - in its product.

For a picture of quarterly iPhone sales, check out this bar chart from
Statista.com.  Q1 in Apple's fiscal year is the October-December quarter, which
usually has the highest number of unit sales. The chart shows that every
quarter's sales have been higher than the year-earlier quarter, and that sales
continue to climb overall.

That seems like a pretty solid foundation for anyone's "faith."

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for "Network World."

Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnww Email: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2014 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              124 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                           September 14, 2014 Sunday

Sales of iPhone 5s cases to drop amid iPhone 6 demand

BYLINE: Sarah Algethami Staff Reporter

LENGTH: 402 words


Dubai: Retailers in the UAE expect a decline in sales of iPhone 5s cases in the
next few weeks as consumers look to buy the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
smartphones.

The iPhones were revealed last week at Apple's launch event for the devices.

With the new smartphones expected to be available in the UAE later this month,
retailers will sell iPhone 5s cases in smaller quantities and at lower prices in
the weeks ahead.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which come in sizes of 4.7 and 5.5 inches
respectively, are larger than their predecessor, the four-inch iPhone 5s. So
consumers that are looking to buy the new smartphones will need to buy cases
that actually fit.

Jacky's sales of iPhone 5s cases could drop "as much as 50 per cent in the next
few weeks," said Ashish Panjabi, COO of the consumer electronics retailer.

Similarly, Virgin Megastore Middle East's sales of iPhone 5s cases will have "a
gradual decline that will not be in the double digit figure before the second
quarter of next year," said Nisreen Shocair, the company's president.

No major drop

Even with the interest that the iPhone 6 smartphones have attracted in the UAE,
demand for iPhone 5s cases "won't totally dry-up" as consumers that have bought
the iPhone are likely to use them for another year or two, Panjabi said.

Virgin will continue to sell iPhone 5s cases for at least another two years,
according to Shocair.

Prices of iPhone 5s cases are unlikely to drop significantly, retailers said.

"We don't anticipate any major price drops [for iPhone 5s cases] as we had
anticipated this and adjusted our inventory accordingly.  If there are
individual brands or suppliers stuck with inventory, they may offer us clearance
deals which we will pass on to consumers," Panjabi said.

Neelesh Bhatnagar, CEO of consumer electronics retailer Emax, expects prices of
the iPhone 5s to drop, too.

Retailers expect the cases, which will be available in leather and silicone, to
be sold in the UAE when the new iPhones land in stores. Virgin said that it
expects to receive stock of iPhone 6 cases starting this week. Some retailers
were not able to say how much they expect to sell the iPhone 6 cases. Emax,
though, expects them to be priced between Dh99 and Dh199.

The smartphone accessory market was worth $20 billion (Dh73.4 billion) in 2012,
and is projected to reach $38 billion in 2017, according to ABI Research, a
technology market intelligence company.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2014 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              125 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                           September 12, 2014 Friday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Buyers bite big at larger Apple iPhones

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 377 words


Apple's website was swamped Friday in what appeared to be a record-setting
buying binge fueled by smartphone buyers' desire for large-screen iPhones.

Bigger did indeed seem to be better to the throngs who jockeyed in a virtual
scrum to get access to the Apple website to order iPhone 6 and the larger-size
iPhone 6 Plus models.

Many people took to Twitter with terse tales of frustration and perseverance
needed to get through and pre-order the new Apple smartphones set for release on
September 19.

The delivery date for iPhone 6 Plus steadily crept outward as the morning wore
on and word by mid-day here was that pre-orders had sold out for what will be
the biggest Apple smartphone. Apple was promising delivery of the biggest iPhone
in three to four weeks.

Those ordering iPhone 6 models or early to order its larger sibling iPhone Plus
are still in line to receive them as originally scheduled next Friday.

Technology news website Re/code quoted an Apple spokesperson as saying "response
to iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus has been incredible with a record number of
preorders overnight."

Apple on Tuesday unveiled its first smartwatch and two large-screen versions of
the iPhone, in a move to recapture its role as a trend-setter.

Apple added in a new mobile wallet that will allow consumers to simply tap their
phones to pay retailers.

New iPhone 6 models boost screen sizes in what some see as the company catching
up to a "phablet" trend combining features of smartphones and tablets.

The frenzy at Apple's website on Friday indicated that in the eyes of myriad
iPhone lovers, bigger is indeed better.

Apple's main rival Samsung has long had a range of larger handsets and has tried
to market a smartwatch of its own.

The iPhone 6 will have a screen of 4.7 inches and the 6-Plus will be 5.5 inches,
allowing Apple to adapt to consumers' apparent preference for bigger displays.

The new iPhone 6 starts at the same price of existing iPhones at $199 for US
customers while the iPhone 6 Plus will be at $299 with a two-year contract.
Unlocked or unsubsidized models will start around $650.

Apple's move, expanding the latest iPhone with a four-inch screen, comes as
consumers are switching to handsets with bigger displays to watch videos and
browse the Internet.

gc/rl

APPLE INC.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2014 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              126 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

Wolverton: New iPhone 6 offers fans a big step up

BYLINE: By Troy Wolverton Mercury News Columnist

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; Personal Technology; News; Business; High-Tech;
Opinion; Science and Tech; Columnists

LENGTH: 786 words


With its new iPhones, Apple added more than just bigger displays. But I suspect
those big screens will be more than enough to entice plenty of iPhone fans to
upgrade.

Apple began selling the new devices -- the iPhone 6 and the jumbo-size iPhone 6
Plus -- on Friday. I've been testing both for the better part of a day and have
liked what I've seen so far. I've not had the phones long enough to test all
their features or Apple's claims about them, but I've used them long enough to
get some strong first impressions.

The most obvious difference between the new iPhones and their predecessors is,
of course, the size of their screens. The iPhone 6 has a 4.7-inch display, which
is about 38 percent larger than that in the iPhone 5s. The iPhone 6 Plus,
meanwhile, has a 5.5-inch display, which is about 88 percent bigger than last
year's model.

The new displays put the iPhones more or less in line with their Android rivals,
such as Samsung's Galaxy S5 and Galaxy Note 4, and allow them to much more
easily display text, photos and videos. Reading documents and emails on the new
models was a joy compared to reading them on my iPhone 5s.

Apple has tweaked iOS 8 to take advantage of the extra large screen on the 6
Plus. When users rotate the device so it's positioned horizontally, iOS will
rotate the home screen too. Inside particular apps, iOS will split the screen to
show more information. In the Mail app, for example, users can see both the list
of messages in their inbox and the full text of a particular message.

These are tricks Apple borrowed from the iPad, and they work well on the new
phone.

In addition to their bigger screens, the new phones offer a revamped design,
with edges that curve right into the glass of their displays. And the new
devices are actually thinner than their predecessors, helping keep their overall
size down.

I'm not a big fan of jumbo-size devices, so the iPhone 6 Plus still feels too
big in my hands. But thanks in part to its svelte shape, the regular iPhone 6
feels like it is just about the right size.

The other significant advantage of a larger phone is that it provides room for a
higher capacity battery. Apple claims that the iPhone 6 will provide up to 14
hours of talk time and the iPhone 6 Plus up to 24 hours, compared to just 10
hours on the iPhone 5s. I didn't get a chance to verify those claims, but the
iPhone 6 Plus did last through all my tests without needing to recharge, despite
not starting with a full battery.

The other big feature that sets the new models apart from their predecessors is
the ability to make wireless payments with the new Apple Pay service. Borrowing
yet another page from its Android rivals, Apple has included in the new devices
a near-field communications antenna, which is the standard method for such
payments. At special registers, users will be able to pay for items with their
credit or debit card accounts by merely pointing their phones at them and
touching the phone's fingerprint sensors.

Unfortunately, early adopters won't be able to use the new feature because Apple
isn't slated to turn on Apple Pay until sometime next month.

Apple has also upgraded the camera system on the new phones. One of their most
impressive features is a superfast new autofocus system. The camera appears to
take about half as much time to focus on subjects as that in the iPhone 5s and
can switch nearly instantaneously from macro to distance shots and back again.
The feature is particularly noticeable when shooting video, as it continuously
and quickly adjusts the focus without users needing to manually tap on the
screen.

The new phones will also shoot regular video at up to 60 frames per second and
slow-motion videos at up to 240 frames per second -- up from 30 and 120 frames
per second, respectively, in the iPhone 5s -- offering amazing new views of fast
action. Both also offer enhanced image stabilization, which is supposed to help
reduce jerkiness in videos and compensate for fast-moving subjects in pictures.
However, I wasn't able to tell much of a difference over last year's phone.

Many of the new phones' other features are less noticeable, but will likely
improve your experience with them. They have significantly faster processors and
support faster data rates over both Wi-Fi and cellular networks. They also
support Voice over LTE, a new standard for making voice calls that will finally
allow users of Verizon and Sprint iPhones to surf the Internet while talking on
the phone.

I liked what I saw of the new iPhones -- particularly the regular iPhone 6. Big
screens may be old hat for Android users, but I think they're going to be a
welcome change for iPhone fans.

Contact Troy Wolverton at 408-840-4285 or www.apple.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: OREM, UT - SEPTEMBER 18: Apple's iPhone 6 (R) and iPhone 6 Plus (L)
phones are shown together at a Verizon store in Orem, Utah on September 18, 2014
in Orem, Utah. Apples new iPhone 6's go on sale tomorrow September 20, 2014.
(Photo by George Frey/Getty Images
OREM, UT - SEPTEMBER 18: An Apple iPhone 6 space gray, is shown here at a
Verizon store on September 18, 2014 in Orem, Utah. Apples new iPhone 6's go on
sale tomorrow September 20, 2014. (Photo by George Frey/Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              127 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                          February 28, 2013, Thursday

iPhone 6 concept designs keep popping up;
Latest imaginings of future Apple iPhone 6 smartphones focus on greater size

BYLINE: Bob Brown

LENGTH: 337 words


While it might seem as though Apple pumps out a new iPhone or iPad every other
month, the pace isn't fast enough forsome. As a result, a steady stream of
iPhone 5S and iPhone 6 concept images and videos continues to materialize,
including a couple of new ones that envision Apple's latest designs looking more
and more like some of Samsung's products.

Toronto's Peter Zigich has posted a slew of images of what he envisions the
iPhone 6 looking like. Among his creations, Apple smartphones that approach the
4.8-inch screen size of Samsung Galaxy S3 phones, with space freed up by pushing
the home button to the side of the iPhone.

[IPHONEYS: The iPhone 6 and iPhone 5S edition] Zigich writes on his blog: "
iPhone 5 is still the best looking phone today. Competition is not standing
still. Some nice 'premium' phones are coming out from other companies. It makes
me wonder what will Apple do to stay on top, and beat out the competition."

Zigich envisions Apple possibly going very big, with more of a phablet-sized
iPhone 6 XL, along the lines of a Samsung Galaxy Note device. At the same time,
Zigich imagines Apple also going much smaller, like with the iPhone 4, in a
model that would be relatively cheap and allow Apple to better compete against
cut-rate devices.

IPhone 6: The Video Russian site AppleInsider.ru offers up a "hands-on" demo of
the iPhone 6 via the video shown here.

The highlights: a 4.2-inch screen, stereo speakers on the back, 8 grams less of
weight and a rainbow of color options. Not clear what became of the home button
on this design.

As for when Apple might actually roll out an iPhone 5S, iPhone 6 or something
else, guesses are all over the map, as outlined in our latest iPhone rumor
rollup.  Apple in in the fourth quarter outsold Samsung to become the leading
cellphone vendor in the United States for the first time, with 17.7 million
iPhones sold in the U.S. in in the fourth quarter.

Bob Brown tracks network research in his Alpha Doggs blog and Facebook page, as
well on Twitter and Google +.



LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              128 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

SKYWORKS SOLUTION Hot Chipmaker Skyworks Called "Big Winner' In iPhone 6

BYLINE: MARILYN MUCH

SECTION: THE NEW AMERICA; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 933 words


How sweet is it to win a slice of the Apple iPhone 6 business?

It should be like candy for analog chipmaker and IBD Leaderboard stock Skyworks
Solutions, a key supplier for the new Apple smartphone.

The Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus use chips from Skyworks, Avago Technologies
and other firms, according to findings from tech repair firm iFixit, which
opened up iPhones bought in Melbourne, Australia.

Multiple power amplifier components from Skyworks were found in the iPhone 6
teardowns, Sterne Agee analyst Vijay Rakesh told IBD.

In terms of iPhone 6 component suppliers, "big winners" are Skyworks, Avago and
NXP Semiconductors "with content up 30%-90% from previous iPhone 5 s models," he
said in a research note.

Rakesh estimates about $4 worth of content comes from Skyworks in every new
iPhone 6. The opportunity for Skyworks, he adds, depends on the number of
iPhones Apple sells.

He cites Apple's Sept. 22 announcement that it sold over 10 million new iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus models, a record, just three days after the launch Sept. 19.

"Apple is always a big catalyst for all smartphone component suppliers," Rakesh
said.

Stock Amps Up

Skyworks' stock on Sept. 19 notched its highest closing price since 2000, ending
at 57.68 after the Apple iPhone 6 teardown news. It closed up 3.4% Wednesday to
58.84. But Skyworks powered up well before the Apple iPhone 6 debut. It has
gained 106% this year.

In an interview with IBD, Skyworks CEO David Aldrich would not comment on
whether Skyworks is a supplier for the iPhone 6, although the iFixit teardowns
found the technology inside.

"I am not at liberty to comment about specific companies," he said. "But
Skyworks has become very successful at increasing our content with all of our
smartphone customers."

Skyworks develops and manufacturers high-performance analog semiconductor
products. Its portfolio includes amplifiers, attenuators, battery chargers,
circulators, DC/DC converters, demodulators, detectors, diodes, directional
couplers and infrastructure RF (radio frequency) subsystems.

Its semiconductors enable wireless connectivity in smartphones, tablets and
other devices.

Leveraging core technologies, Skyworks supports automotive, broadband, wireless
infrastructure, energy management, GPS, industrial, medical, military, wireless
networking, smartphone and tablet applications.

Skyworks has been on a roll on the financial front. It's seen double-digit sales
and earnings growth in all but one of the past seven quarters. Its growth
accelerated in the most recent quarter to the fastest pace since mid-2011.
Earnings rose 54% to 83 cents a share. Sales climbed 35% to $587 million.

Connectivity Is The Key

What's been fueling growth at Skyworks?

"Fortunately for us, the growth is being driven from both a market and product
standpoint," Aldrich told IBD. "We've worked very hard over the past decade to
diversify our business into a broader set of markets and to produce more
products and solutions. At the core is connectivity in all its forms, whether
that is through a smartphone or an automobile or the home, which is becoming
increasingly connected in many ways."

He said on a July conference call for Q3 of fiscal 2014: "Our business results
are being fueled by a surge in global adoption of connectivity in all its forms
across a diverse set of end markets. We are riding a wave of powerful underlying
market forces, all enabled by the availability of efficient, high-performance
connectivity solutions."

Among these forces, he said, are "the enabling of billions of unconnected users
with first-time Internet access in the emerging economies; advancing new forms
of content delivery, such as streaming music services, on-demand media and
over-the-content distribution; and supporting cloud services and mobile
ecommerce."

Skyworks' technology has its largest presence in smartphones, Aldrich told IBD.

In the past couple of quarters, smartphones and tablets have been big growth
drivers, he adds, whether it's increasing Skyworks' content in these products by
providing more complete solutions or by gaining market share.

"In general, smartphones are becoming more complicated and complex," he said.
"They need to operate over many frequencies having more functionality."

Skyworks provides a lot of the technology that goes into the more sophisticated
smartphones such as solutions that support GPS and high-resolution cameras.

Another growth driver: "Skyworks has been very successful at capturing
developing economic markets like China and penetrating new regions of the world
that are deploying connectivity in a big way," said Aldrich.

He points out that Skyworks is penetrating markets outside Europe and North
America, with many Chinese buying smartphones for the first time.

As for the future: "Skyworks is entering a new and exciting growth phase driven
by global wireless proliferation and the Internet of Things," said Aldrich in a
statement announcing Q3 results. "Quite simply, we are capitalizing on the macro
trend to connect virtually everyone and everything, all the time. Our
high-performance analog solutions and system-level integration capabilities
coupled with our operational agility and scalability are enabling us to connect
the previously unconnected."

Skyworks is a part of IBD's Electronic-Semiconductor Manufacturing industry
group. It has the highest Composite Rating in the group, with a 99 out of a
possible 99.

Key customers include Cisco Systems, General Electric, Google, Honeywell, Nokia
and Samsung Electronics. It competes with firms such as Analog Devices, Avago,
Hittite Microwave and Linear Technology.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              129 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             India Automobile News

                      October 2, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Pioneer Expands Apple CarPlay-Compatible Lineup with Next Generation AppRadio 4

LENGTH: 714  words


Oct. 2 -- US-based Pioneer Electronics Inc issued the following news release:

Pioneer Electronics (USA) Inc today released the Apple CarPlay-compatible fourth
generation AppRadio 4 (SPH-DA120).

AppRadio 4 brings together the use of cloud and device sourced content from
compatible iOS devices (iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 5s, iPhone 5c, iPhone 5,
iPhone 4s and iPhone 4), Android smartphones, and MirrorLink enabled
smartphones, as well as feature enhanced smartphone control, voice control for
Siri Eyes Free and Google Voice Recognition, Bluetooth hands-free calling and
audio streaming, and a new graphical user interface.

"The new AppRadio 4 embodies our idea of the connected car, providing the
majority of smartphone owners the ability to utilize their devices in the car
for calling, streaming music, and even controlling supported apps to enhance
their driving experience," said Ted Cardenas, vice president of marketing for
the Car Electronics Division of Pioneer Electronics (USA) Inc.

CarPlay Ready - With CarPlay, consumers with iPhone 5 or later, including iPhone
6 and iPhone 6 Plus, and the latest version of iOS can use Siri voice control to
make and receive calls, compose and respond to text messages, use Apple Maps for
navigation and listen to their music libraries, podcasts and iTunes Radio. For
more information about CarPlay, visit: (www.apple.com/ios/carplay).

Siri Eyes Free - Users of iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 5s, iPhone 5c, iPhone
5 and iPhone devices can take advantage of Siri Eyes Free functionality with a
touch of the AppRadio 4 touchscreen. When activated, Siri provides voice prompts
through the vehicle's speakers, and the user's questions and commands are
received and transmitted using the external microphone provided with the
AppRadio 4 unit.

Bluetooth - To maximize the connectivity options available in today's most
popular smartphones, AppRadio 4 offers both Bluetooth hands-free calling1 and
Bluetooth audio streaming and wireless control of compatible devices.

It includes Advanced Audio Distribution Profile (A2DP) for wireless audio
streaming and Audio Video Remote Control Profile (AVRCP) version 1.4 for
wireless control of devices and related metadata (if available) to be viewed
directly on the Pioneer touchscreen display.

Enhanced Touchscreen User Interface - Designed with the smartphone user in mind,
the AppRadio 4 touchscreen user interface (UI) provides easy access to the most
commonly used features such as apps, music and calling.

Built-in MirrorLink - MirrorLink technology enables consumers to connect
compatible smartphones to AppRadio 4 (or other compatible in-dash receiver) via
a USB cable to access certain music and map applications for a more convenient
and safer in-car experience.

Similar to AppRadio Mode, MirrorLink is integrated into AppRadio 4 and offers a
vehicle-specific interface and connectivity with MirrorLink certified devices
from smartphone manufacturers such as Samsung, Nokia and others.

AppRadio 4 offers a simple and clean cosmetic design utilizing minimal physical
buttons on the left side of the screen for quick access by drivers, with the
majority of functions and control accessible and operated through its high
resolution 6.2-inch WVGA capacitive touchscreen.

The capacitive touch panel is used for all functions including the app
interface, music control/playback, AM/FM radio, and Bluetooth functions. A total
of four connectivity cable options2, sold separately, enable connections to more
than 30 different smartphone devices available in the U.S. In addition, the unit
now offers the Android Media Transfer Protocol (MTP) for deeper access to files
and folders on Android devices.

For increased audio performance, AppRadio 4 inherits the capabilities of
Pioneer's NEX receiver models with three sets of high volt (4V) pre-outs,
13-band graphic equalizer, auto EQ, auto time alignment, dual rear USB, and HDMI
input, AM/FM tuner with RDS text information display (when available), and
MOSFET 50 Watts X 4 power.

Pricing and Availability

The AppRadio 4 SPH-DA120 ($600 SRP) will begin shipping to authorized Pioneer
Car Electronics dealers nationwide, including Best Buy, Crutchfield and Car
Toys. To find the nearest Pioneer retailer, visit the Dealer Locator.

Source: Pioneer Electronics Inc

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              130 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                     September 12, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone 6 Can Bring Forth A Filmmaker In You!

BYLINE: Sanchari Banerjee, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 345  words


High-quality camera filmmakers would love to keep iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in
their pockets because of their excellent camera features.

Friday, September 12, 2014: The new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus from Apple have
created a lot of flutter across the world. Their motion processors, faster CPUs
and larger screens are the main reasons behind all the hoopla. But one of the
greatest features of these smartphones is their camera. High-quality camera
filmmakers would love to keep these devices in their pockets.

Earlier, iPhones have been used to make short films several times. There have
been several iPhone film festivals too but now with iPhone 6 coming up,
expectations are higher as Phil Schiller said "technology used by high-end
DSLRs". The iPhone 6 camera can grab 1080p high-definition clips at 60 frames
per second, take 240-fps slow-motion shots, provide cinematic video
stabilization and offer up to 128 gigabytes of storage. So film-making
technology will surely benefit from this device.

According to WIRED, director Ricky Fosheim says, "The iPhone has been here for a
while, but in 2015 I think there's going to be dozens, hundreds, of movies shot
on the iPhone 6. I hope, at least, people find it a useful tool." iPhone 6 can
click cleaner images than its predecessors and as the director says about the
newest iPhone, "It's adding video stabilisation, it's increasing resolution,
it's making it less grain-y, and hopefully with the new sensor it's increasing
the dynamic range. But you don't need to go through elaborate training to use
this thing, it's literally just that you can take it out of your pocket and
start filming and you can come up with something amazing."

So how can you shoot a film with iPhone 6? It's pretty easy. Get add-on lenses,
like the Olloclip 4-in-1 and high-quality audio can be captured with an add-on
mike. Film-making apps like FiLMiC Pro can also be used, which gives the iPhone
better zoom and control over frame rates and stereo recording support. So just
get ready to become a pro-filmmaker with iPhone 6 in your pocket soon.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              131 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Townsville Bulletin (Australia)

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                               Townsville Edition

Time is right to take look at new hi-tech watch

BYLINE: ROD CHESTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 505  words


REVIEW The first thing you notice about the Apple Watch is that there isn't much
watch to notice. The Watch comes in two sizes, a 38mm and a 42mm, and three
models.

Those three models mean that the same basic watch dressed up in three ways means
it is an attractive to more than one market, and more than the just tech heads.

I tried on the Watch and it was noticeably lighter than the Garmin 220 runner's
watch that is usually on my wrist. The Watch Sport, with an alloy case, is even
lighter.

Just like the home button on your iPhone lets you control everything, the
digital crown on the side of the Watch is your first port of call.

Roll it and apps slide up or down, touch it to select what you want. The obvious
question about the Apple Watch is "do you need to wear it as a companion to your
iPhone".

The answer is yes, no and maybe.

Let's say you want to go out for a run. If you have your iPhone with you, the
Watch pairs to the smartphone and uses the GPS in the phone to give you pace and
distance information.

If you don't want to carry a iPhone on your run, the Watch will still measure
your pace and distance using a built-in accelerometer.

You can pair your Watch with a iPhone 5 or higher, and the Watch lets you use
Apple Pay.

So, while you will only be able to use the Apple Pay tap-and-touch with a iPhone
6 or iPhone 6 Plus, if you have a iPhone 5, 5S or 5C and an Apple Watch you can
still tap-and-touch to pay.

The watch has 11 faces to choose from, with each face being customisable. For
instance, you can choose to have a display that shows time and sunset and
sunrise time with space on the edge to indicate how you're going with your
fitness goals.

While many people are likely to see the Watch as a better option than the
fitness activity tracker they bought but don't bother wearing, the watch also
has appeal to those a bit more serious about their fitness.

While the Apple Watch stole the show, two new iPhones are nothing to scoff at.
The iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus were just as expected - except for the name.
That Plus was a bit out of left field. Yes, they are thin. Yes, they are big.

The iPhone 6 Plus, like all phablets, presents a challenge for some small hands.
With the iPhone 6 Plus, I had trouble reaching the top of the screen when
holding it with one hand - but the new double tap gesture helps there.

Just tap twice (not press) on the home button and the app drops down so that it
only takes up the bottom half of the screen, putting even the top row of icons
within easy reach.

The S5 is waterproof, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are not.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have the look of a shrunk iPad Air. They're thinner than
the iPhone 5S and have a rounded, modern look.

One weakness of the iPhone has always been its battery.

The iPhone 6 Plus is said to give 12 hours of Wi-Fi browsing (compared to 10
hours for the 5S) and 80 hours of audio (40 hours on the iPhone 5S).The only
thing that certain is that now, with Apple and Samsung both in the phablet
market, you no longer have to compare Apples with oranges.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Townsville Bulletin


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              132 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                      October 4, 2014 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6 Available On e-Retail Stores For Around Rs 56,000!

BYLINE: Sanchari Banerjee, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 234  words


On 9 September iPhone 6 was officially launched by Apple and reports stated that
by mid-October or early November, the smartphone will be circulated in Indian
markets.

Saturday, October 04, 2014: E-commerce vendors have started selling Apple iPhone
6 at around Rs 56,000, though the official launch date of the smartphone along
with its other details are yet to be announced in India.

eBay is offering iPhone 6 for Rs 55,954 and as per the website, the device will
be delivered by 8 October, and delivery is also said to be free. Another vendor,
ShopClues.com, is selling iPhone 6 16GB at Rs 59,999, but it's charging Rs 149
as shipping cost. The estimated delivery date is same as eBay. On 9 September
iPhone 6 was officially launched by Apple and reports stated that by mid-October
or early November, the smartphone will be circulated in Indian markets.

eBay has also started taking pre-orders for iPhone 6 Plus for Rs 77,000. Both
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were launched with 8MP camera with 1.2MP front
shooter and both the devices support 2G,3G and 4G network. The devices are
coming in three variants as per storage: 16GB, 64GB and 128GB. In comparison to
these devices' last predecessor, iPhone 5S, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are
slimmer and smarter as per their looks. Both ShopClues.com and eBay denied to
comment on their source of iPhone 6, while Apple also didn't prefer to comment
on the issue.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              133 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

Apple reports huge demand for iPhone 6

BYLINE: By Julia Love jmlove@mercurynews.com

SECTION: NEWS; Business

LENGTH: 429 words


CUPERTINO -- Websites crashed and sales soared Friday as consumers raced to be
among the first to buy the latest iPhones.

Apple saw a record number of pre-orders after the newest versions of its iconic
phone went up for advanced sale in the wee hours of Friday morning, a company
spokeswoman said. The demand is stretching resources at the nation's major
cellphone carriers, where the new iPhones appeared to be back ordered and
several website glitches were reported. Apple drummed up excitement for the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which feature larger screens, at a glitzy event in
the Flint Center for the Performing Arts on Tuesday.

"Response to iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus has been incredible," Apple spokeswoman
Teresa Brewer said in a statement.

The new gadgets are scheduled to arrive in retail stores Friday, but many
consumers decided to stake their claims online, pushing back shipment times. By
midday Friday, Verizon's website forecast an Oct. 7 delivery date for the iPhone
6 and an Oct. 21 arrival for the iPhone 6 Plus. AT&T indicated on its website
that the iPhone 6 would ship sometime in October, and the larger iPhone 6 Plus
would not go out until November. AT&T spokesman Mark Siegel said demand for this
year's new models topped what the company had seen in the previous two years.

"Suffice to say that our customers are really, really interested in these great
new devices," he said.

With screens of 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are
considerably bigger than Apple devices released last year, which measured 4
inches diagonally. Although many manufacturers have delivered devices with
larger screens in recent years, Apple has held out until now, creating pent-up
demand for a supersize iPhone. Analyst Bob O'Donnell of TECHnalysis Research
predicted that Apple's share of the smartphone market will climb a few
percentage points now that it is offering bigger screens, which consumers find
handy as they watch videos and play games on their phones.

"It's the kind of change that dramatically impacts how you think about and use
your phone," he said.

The iPhone 6, which starts at $199 with a two-year contract, and iPhone 6 Plus,
priced at $299, feature a sharper display, extended battery life and an improved
camera. Apple announced at the event Tuesday that consumers will be able to make
calls using Wi-Fi on the devices, but some consumers may have to wait for that
feature. Siegel of AT&T said WiFi calls will not be available until early next
year.

Contact Julia Love at 408-920-5536; follow her at Twitter.com/byJuliaLove .

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              134 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus to be available in UAE on September 27

BYLINE: Sarah Algethami Staff Reporter

LENGTH: 526 words


Dubai: Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones will be available to order
in the UAE starting September 27, according to Apple's online store in the
country.

The tech giant revealed on Tuesday the new iPhones, as well as a line of
smartwatches, called the Apple Watch.

Retailers in the UAE, too, say they expect to start selling the smartphones
around the same time.

"It will be the first time ever that the iPhone will be available in the UAE
within a week of the US launch, which just goes to show the increased importance
Apple is beginning to attach to the Middle East market," said Nadeem Khanzadah,
head of retail at Jumbo Electronics.

The new iPhones could be sold during Gitex Shopper, a consumer electronics
exhibition that will be held from September 27 to October 4 in the Dubai World
Trade Centre, according to Ashish Panjabi, COO of Jacky's, a consumer
electronics retailer.

Apple said the new iPhones will be released in select countries from September
19, while pre-orders will be available from September 12. The Apple Watch, which
is priced from $349 (Dh1,281), is expected to be released in early 2015.

"For the Apple Watch, we have no indication [on its UAE launch]," said Neelesh
Bhatnagar, chief executive of consumer electronics retailer Emax.

The iPhone 6 will be priced Dh2,599 (16GB), Dh2,999 (64GB) and Dh3,399 (128 GB),
while the iPhone 6 Plus will cost Dh2,999 (16 GB), Dh3,399 (64GB) and Dh3,799
(128 GB), according to Apple's online store in the UAE.

Telecom operator Etisalat confirmed to Gulf News that it will launch the new
iPhones on September 27. Du, too, said that it will offer the smartphones from
September 27. Customers can pre-order the devices from September 19.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus come in screen sizes of 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches
respectively.

Both smartphone models feature new generation retina displays, called Retina HD.
The iPhone 6, with a 1334x750 resolution, has 38 per cent more pixels than the
iPhone 5s, while the iPhone 6 Plus, with 1920 x 1080 resolution, has 185 per
cent more than the iPhone 5s.

The new iPhones also have the A8 processor, which is 25 per cent faster than the
A7, and have graphics that are 50 per cent faster. The devices will run on iOS
8, which will be released on September 17 as a free download.

In terms of features, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus users can expect an improved
8-megapixel iSight camera with quicker autofocus, make calls over a Wi-Fi
network, and pay for things in retail stores with Apple Pay, which has a
built-in near field communication (NFC) capability, a technology that allows
devices to exchange information wirelessly.

Both smartphone models will be available in silver, gold, and space grey.

Meanwhile, the Apple Watch is built from custom alloys of stainless steel,
aluminium, and 18-karat gold, and comes in two sizes and three collections.

It features a range of apps, such as Nike+ Running, which allows users to track
their runs; a BMW app, which displays information like their car's charge level
and where to park; and default apps, such as photos, maps and messages.

The Apple Watch has to be connected to an iPhone to be able to use the apps.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2014 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              135 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                          February 17, 2016 Wednesday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Still Plenty Of Small-Screen iPhone Users; 26% Have 4-Inch Screens; Apple
expected to debut latest such smartphone in March, amid growth fears

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: INTERNET & TECHNOLOGY; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 629 words


More than two years since Apple shifted its focus to larger-screen iPhones
(4.7-inch and 5.5-inch models), 26% of U.S. iPhone owners still use handsets
with 4-inch screens, according to a December survey by Consumer Intelligence
Research Partners.

The Chicago-based research firm said 110 million iPhones were in use in the
fourth quarter in the U.S., up from 100 million in Q3 and 78 million in the
year-earlier period.

Of the 110 million iPhones in use last quarter, 74% were iPhone 6 or 6 S model
handsets, CIRP said. They included 62 million iPhone 6 and 6 Plus units and 19
million iPhone 6 S and 6 S Plus units. The remainder (29 million) were mostly
4-inch iPhone 5 C and 5 S models.

Apple continues to sell the iPhone 5 S, a model that hasn't changed since its
introduction in September 2013.

What isn't known is how many of the current users simply prefer a 4-inch handset
over the larger-screen models and who's leaning toward upgrading. Apple is about
to find out.

Apple is expected to introduce a 4-inch handset, dubbed the iPhone 5 SE, at a
product launch event next month. The iPhone 5 SE is rumored to include Apple's
latest A9 and M9 processors, an NFC (near field communication) chip for Apple
Pay, support for always-on Siri activation, and the iPhone 6's camera system, 9
to5 Mac reported.

The iPhone 5 SE likely will be introduced at a media event on March 15 and be
available in retail stores on March 18, 9 to5 Mac said. Besides the new
smartphone, Apple is rumored to be debuting its next-generation iPad Air tablet
and new Apple Watch software and wristbands next month.

Apple isn't expected to refresh its flagship smartphone lineup, with the iPhone
7, until this fall. That handset is expected to be thinner because of the
removal of the headphone jack and have a larger screen because of the removal of
the physical home button. Replacing the jack will be Bluetooth capability for
wireless headsets. As for the home button, the phone will use a
pressure-sensitive screen.

Robert W. Baird analyst William Power on Tuesday reiterated his outperform
rating on Apple stock with a price target of 130 after conducting a survey about
iPhone 7 demand. Apple stock rose 2.8% to above 96 in the stock market today,
but it's still down 23% from a seven-month high near 124 touched in November.

"Based on our latest online survey, 7% of respondents claim they plan to
purchase the iPhone 7, which is actually above the 4% planning to purchase the
iPhone 6 in our February 2014 survey," Power said in a research report. "An
additional 14% are maybes vs. 13% two years ago."

Baird surveyed 1,000 people in a U.S. online poll.

"Notably, interest was greatest among recent iPhone purchasers, reflecting the
ongoing upgrade opportunity," Power said. "We view the results as directionally
positive, particularly given the recent growth concerns."

About 21% of iPhone 6 and 6 S owners plan to purchase an iPhone 7, the survey
showed. That compares with 18% of iPhone 5 S owners and 10% of iPhone 5 and 5 C
owners who plan to purchase the iPhone 7, Power said.

Investors are concerned about Apple's growth prospects, especially with iPhone
sales poised to fall for the first time on a year-over-year basis this quarter.

Also Tuesday, UBS analyst Steven Milunovich maintained his buy rating on Apple
stock, with a 12-month price target of 120.

And Drexel Hamilton analyst Brian White on Tuesday reiterated his buy rating on
Apple stock, with a price target of 200.

"With a recent earnings reset, a new iPhone cycle on the horizon with the iPhone
7, the ramp of Apple Watch, the potential for increased levels of cash paid out
to shareholders and new geographic opportunities (e.g., India), we believe Apple
represents one of the best values in the tech world," White said in a report.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              136 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Apple iPhone hits market for six

BYLINE: Davin O'Dwyer

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 700 words


After a record-breaking opening weekend of sales for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus,
which saw customers queue up around the world to purchase 10 million of the
larger-screened smartphones, it's clear Apple has a major hit on its hands.

Tomorrow the iPhones 6 is released in more than 20 new countries, including
Ireland. In a pre-release briefing with Apple executives, they suggested the
hype over this year's release is similar to the excitement over the launch of
the original iPhone in 2007, and with lines stretching up to 20 blocks in
Manhattan, not to mention fevered TV coverage of the phone's release, they have
a point.

This year's sales figures beat the opening weekend sales of the iPhone 5S and 5C
last year, when nine million units were sold, and far ahead of the five million
iPhone 5 units sold in 2012.

Screen size

The most obvious change is the screen size, with the iPhone 6 growing
significantly to 12cm (4.7 inches), much bigger than the iPhone 5S screen's 10cm
(four inches) screen. The iPhone 6 Plus sees Apple make its debut in the
so-called "phablet" space pioneered by Samsung with its Note series.

It looks just like the iPhone 6, but at 14cm (5.5 inches), in the hand it almost
feels like an entirely new category of iOS device. Indeed, the footprint of the
entire iPhone 5S is smaller than just the screen of the iPhone 6 Plus. It's
quite the monster, though smaller than the latest Samsung Note 4.

The screens are marvels of engineering, with a crisp 1,334 x 750 pixel
resolution providing 38 per cent more viewing area than iPhone 5s, while the
1920 x 1080 resolution provides 88 per cent more viewing area with nearly three
times as many pixels as the 5S.

Bending Both the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are a shade thinner than the 5S, 6.9mm and
7.1mm compared with

7.6mm. That skinny frame has come at an apparent cost, however, with reports
from some early buyers suggesting the 6 Plus can be prone to bending under
significant or sustained pressure.

Apple has long touted the thumb-span width of the iPhone as a major feature, but
with these new models that attribute has been sacrificed.

To compensate, Apple has developed a one-handed operation mode called
"reachability", prompted by a double tap of the home button, which sees the
screen drop towards the bottom half to bring important functions within thumb's
reach. It's definitely clever, but at the same time feels like an elegant hack
rather than an obvious improvement in usability.

To further aid one-handed operation, the sleep/wake button has been moved from
the top of the device to the side - it will take a while to get used to that
alteration.

Curved design The biggest design change is a curved edge instead of the sharp
right-angled edges from the iPhone 5S, a design that has defined the iPhone's
form factor since the iPhone 4.

In that sense this revised design has been a long time coming and dramatically
changes the feel of the device in your hand - more like an ocean- smoothed
pebble than a minimalist piece of engineering.

Its curviness harkens back to the rounded edges of the original iPhone, which
looks like a dinky old family heirloom in comparison to the new designs. At the
time of its release, however, the original iPhone appeared as big and unwieldy
compared to its small- screened competition of Nokias and Motorola Razrs as the
iPhone 6 Plus does to the iPhone 5S.

Camera The iPhone 6 Plus features optical image stabilisation, in which the lens
moves to counteract for camera shake, which makes for significantly less blur
and much improved low- light performance.

The slightly raised camera lens on the back of the device is a very
un-Apple-like compromise to accommodate the necessary distance between lens and
sensor, but really isn't so significant as to ruin the impressively svelte body.

Given that Apple's lead in industrial design had been whittled away by rival
handsets on Google's Android platform, such as the HTC One M8, Samsung Galaxy
S5, LG G3 and Sony Xperia Z3, a hands-on preview is enough to suggest these two
new iPhones have seen Apple retake the initiative, though only a comprehensive
review can determine if they live up to the engineering excellence in day-to-day
usage.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              137 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Mirror Publications

                           October 18, 2014 Saturday
                                Ahmedabad Mirror

Midnight vigil bears iFruit

SECTION: OTHERS

LENGTH: 585 words


The new iPhone is here. And this time, using its US strategy, Apple unveiled the
iPhone 6 and its big brother iPhone 6 Plus at the stroke of midnight. Granted
that the queues outside stores were not as long as those usually seen abroad,
but scores of Amdavadis bought enough handsets to make the new launch strategy a
success. Unicorn Infosolutions, an Apple premium reseller at Himalaya Mall, got
special permission to keep his store open beyond midnight. Hordes of Apple
fanboys lined up outside the outlet which stayed open till 2 am.

"People had queued up again by the time we re-opened the store at 10 am to check
out the new arrival," said a store employee. SLEEPLESS NIGHT Pavan Dugar, a
38-year-old businessman, was one of the first to receive the iPhone 6. "My
family members and I were so excited that we could not sleep a wink. I had
pre-ordered the phone online 7-8 days ago. I used to use the iPhone 5. When I
heard the new phone was coming to India, my wife and I ordered it," said Dugar.

At the stroke of midnight, Infibeam -- a city-based shopping portal and
authorized iPhone 6 retailer -- delivered 40 phones to customers who had
requested immediate delivery. "We sent our deliverymen to their homes. When the
clock struck 12, they knocked on the door and handed over the phone to the
customer," said Shekhar Singh from the portal. Not just web portals, several
retailers too made arrangements to deliver the smartphone to their customers at
midnight.

Apple N Berry, one such supplier in Paldi, delivered around 50 phones on
Thursday night. Despite the hefty price of the phone, buyers included many young
customers. One of them was Maulik Patel who received the first iPhone from Apple
N Berry. He is a 23-yearold who is studying interior designing and handling a
business. He bought an iPhone3 and fell in love with the product. He has bought
all versions of the phone released since then. Maulik told Mirror, "A friend of
mine in the US bought the iPhone 6. I got really excited on seeing it. I
prebooked it and asked the phone to be delivered home. When I received it at
midnight, I felt on top of the world."

SIZE MATTERS

The iPhone 6 is a 4.7-inch gadget while the iPhone 6 Plus is 5.5-inch tall.
"Their configuration is the same but Amdavadis seem to prefer iPhone 6.
Customers find iPhone 6 more comfortable to use due to its smaller size," said
Bhavin Patel, owner of Mobile Store on Science City Road. Both online and
physical retailers have seen a surge of 10 per cent in the demand of iPhone 6
than iPhone 5S. "The demand for iPhone is rising as more and more people can
afford it. In the past two hours, I have sold 10 iPhone 6 today," said Akshat
Bawisi, head of Apple N Berry. According to retailers, Amdavadis are loving
iPhones in gold and grey. Interestingly, the craze of iPhone is not limited to
urban areas. Singh said, "We received bookings from semi-rural and rural areas
like Himmatnagar, Deesa, Anand and other areas."

NO SHORTAGE

Apple has received over 21,000 pre-orders since October 8. The 4.7- inch iPhone
6 is available for Rs 53,500 for the 16GB version, Rs 62,500 for the 64GB
version, and Rs 71,500 for the 128GB version. The 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus is
priced at Rs 62,500 for the 16GB version, Rs 71,500 for the 64GB version, and Rs
80,500 for the 128GB version. Apple is said to have shipped 50,000-55,000 units
of the iPhone 6 to make sure there's no shortage of phones during shopping
weekend. Both the devices are available in silver, gold and grey colour options.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Globes [online] - Israel's Business Arena

                            October 13, 2014 Monday

iPhone 6 officially coming to Israel October 23;
Apple's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will sell for considerably less than their current
prices in Israel.

BYLINE: Globes correspondent

LENGTH: 156 words


Apple's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will arrive in Israel next Thursday, October 23,
according to an Apple announcement made this afternoon.

Those who planned to buy the new iPhones at one of the stores that sells them
already should wait, because they sell the iPhone 6 for NIS 4,500, and the
official price is expected to be NIS 1,000 less. The iPhone 6 Plus is expected
to cost NIS 4,200.

The iPhone 6 is 6.9 mm thick and has a 4.7 inch screen, while the iPhone 6 Plus
is 7.1 mm thick and has a 5.5 inch screen. The iPhone 6 Plus has Full HD
quality, with a resolution of 1080x1930 pixels, at 401 pixels per inch (ppi)
pixel density. The iPhone 6 has a slightly lower resolution, 750x1334 pixels, at
326 ppi.

The iPhone 5S has a 4 inch screen with a resolution of 640-x1136 pixels, at 326
ppi.

Published by Globes [online], Israel business news - www.globes-online.com - on
October 13, 2014

© Copyright of Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd. 2014

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2014 Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                             March 21, 2014, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending March 21;
iPhone6 already a loser?, assemblers assemble, blame the 5c

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 2281 words


There was a strong theme of self-congratulation in this week's iOSphere rumors
about the iPhone 6: we already "know"so much about this phone, and of course
about Apple's plans. Or at least about what Apple should be doing.

Or anyway, damn- it, about what's really important in smartphones.

We know so much, in fact, that one blogger boldly proclaimed the iPhone 6 is
already a loser. Another urgently urged Apple to rush the iPhone 6 into release
to staunch the hemorrhaging of customers who are choosing bigger-screen phones
from rivals.

+Also on Network World: Without an iWatch, Apple's Healthbook app is boring | 10
low-code tools for building mobile apps fast + Others optimistically noted that
Chinese assembly plants are getting ready to get ready to be about to start
assembling the Next iPhone, or something; and that it will have an
"Ultra-Retina" display. Still others found yet another reason to hate the iPhone
5c: it's delaying the iPhone 6 release.

You read it here second.

This is the kind of article that makes the iOSphere great: you review a product
that hasn't been announced yet, about which nothing is known with any certainty,
and conclude that it's a lousy product.

And the fact that it probably generates huge page views has nothing to do with
it.

The blogpost, "6 Reasons the iPhone 6 Has Already Lost," is by Avram Piltch,
LaptopMag's Online Editorial Director, and winner of this week's award for Most
Audacious Use of the iPhone 6 in Clickbait Journalism.

Piltch starts by saying Apple fans have been gobbling up rumors of how awesome
and magical the iPhone 6 will be. "However, even the hottest rumor mill in tech
can't turn this device into a winner," Piltch declares. "Based on everything we
know now, the next iPhone will be a year late and a bitcoin short of the
competition, doing nothing to slow Apple's descent from smartphone pioneer to
high tech has-been."

If that doesn't get your heart-racing, you're probably still using the Nokia
6680 of 10 years ago.

Keep in mind, Piltch is explaining why a phone that hasn't been announced, which
is only described in rumors, is a certifiable failure, a loser.

He gives six reasons: weak camera, poor battery life/no removable battery, no
NFC, few sharing options, weak keyboard, and limited customization.

We're not going to go through all of these in depth, in part because many others
quickly did, which is the other reason why the iOSphere is great: we get to read
blogposts like "The worst article about the iPhone 6 has already been written,"

 by TUAW's Mike Wehner.

After running through the deficiencies of Piltch's analysis, Wehner concludes,
"So no, none of these reasons seem to be even remotely within the realm of a
'deal breaker' for the as-of-yet unannounced iPhone 6."

Let's take just one illustrative example: battery life. Piltch's critique of the
non-existent iPhone 6's non-existent battery life is based on LaptopMag's own
battery test of the iPhone 5s. Wehner's comment on this claim applies to all of
Piltch's claims: "I'd like to just remind everyone that of all the things we
don't know about the iPhone 6, the battery is a complete and total mystery.
Stating you'll be disappointed by the iPhone 6 battery is like saying that
riding in a flying saucer is boring. Let me know when you've done it and we'll
re-examine the argument."

The life of a mobile battery depends on a whole range of variables, not just the
size or capacity of the battery itself. Partly for this reason, tech sites such
as AnandTech.com have developed multiple tests that measure battery impact of
different phone functions, trying to create a more holistic view of power use.
AnandTech's review of the iPhone 5s found that its battery life  improved over
the iPhone 5 in some areas, and lagged in others. That was true also for the
recent iPhone models in comparison to rival smartphones - sometimes iPhone
ranked high, sometimes lower, sometimes in the middle of the pack.

Apple addresses power demand comprehensively, for example tuning its processor
and other components to work as quickly as possible and then drop as quickly as
possible to a much lower power state. One can argue that rival smartphones have
bigger batteries than the 5s because they're so inefficient in their power use
that they need bigger batteries.

As Wehner notes, none of these allegedly striking defects have stopped tens of
millions of consumers from buying the iPhone, including a record number, over 50
million, in the Oct-Dec 2013 quarter.

Apple can't wait until September to release the iPhone 6. It must do it soon,
like ASAP soon. Otherwise, you know, Apple is doomed.

This refrain surfaced this week in places like Valuewalk, where Aman Jain's
blogpost noted that some analysts are still predictably predicting that Apple
will wait until September. "However, a report from Forbes by Chuck Jones
believes that Apple should come out with the iPhone 6 ASAP," he says.

That makes it sound like Jones is an experienced reporter for Forbes, with
legions of fact-checkers, proofreaders and of course even more experienced
editors to work and consult with on a path breaking story.

In fact, Jones is a "contributor" to Forbes: he's one of numerous self-motivated
bloggers that Forbes allows to post their opinions. As he makes clear at the
start of his blogpost, he's also an investor with a position in Apple stock and
the founder of  Sand Hill Insights, "which provides research of new technologies
and their solutions," according to his Twitter profile.

He lists his website as sandhillinsights.com but that URL didn't work when The
Rollup tried it.

Jones argues that Apple should release iPhone 6 as soon as possible because  "of
course Apple is losing sales to competitor's larger screen smartphones."
Apparently droves of iPhone and Android users coming off their two-year mobile
contracts are flocking to those big-screen monster phones from Samsung or the
other dozen or so smartphone vendors that are sharing the tiny percentage of the
market not claimed by Samsung and Apple.

He doesn't bother to cite any data. But more importantly, he's vastly
oversimplifying the market and the buyers who make it up. He implies that the
primary criteria for most buyers is simply the size of the screen. Samsung: big
screen. Apple: small screen. It's a no-brainer, eh? Yet in the Oct-Dec 2013
quarter Apple sold over 50 million iPhones, a new record, nearly all of them
with a 4-inch display.

For years, Apple has been "losing customers" to cheap, high-volume Android
smartphones. Yet Apple clearly has no intention of pursuing that market. So far
that strategy has led Apple to the point where it commands 87 percent of all
mobile industry profits, according to one estimate. That's actually an increase
over the previous year share of 78 percent. The same estimate puts Samsung's
share at just over 32 percent, which adds up to 119 percent, which means that
remaining vendors are losing money in this business.

Jones' second reason for an ASAP iPhone 6 is that "it would be better from a
manufacturing perspective to not have to build for such a huge spike in
demand....This means its contract manufacturers have to staff up and run their
factories with a lot of overtime and then probably have to ramp down their
staffing levels. I spent the first three years of my IBM career in a
manufacturing site and what everyone wants is a smooth production schedule, not
one with peaks and valleys."

We don't always get what want.

But more importantly, think about Jones' description of the problem and his
solution. Apple has been planning to release iPhone 6 in September with all
those inefficient, costly manufacturing hills and valleys (Apple CEO Tim Cook,
we hope you're paying attention!). So Jones wants Apple to change that: to move
that entire complex process up by three months or six months. What does he think
that change will do to the overtime costs, manpower needs, and production
schedule? Rushing to get the iPhone 6 out earlier than planned will create a
production peak that makes Mount Everest look like prairie dog burrow.  There
are a lot of unknowns about the 2014 iPhone models, including whether the
high-end phone will be changed into a bigger-screened device, or whether Apple
will introduce a separate third iPhone model, creating a three-phone portfolio:
the follow-ons to the 5c and 5s (will they have larger screens also?), and a new
even-larger-screen model.

But apart from Jones' dire predictions, there's no real evidence that Apple is,
or should be, in a panic about "losing customers" and is rushing to introduce
its products sooner than planned.

Taiwan-based Pegatron "is gearing up to start mass-producing the next-generation
iPhone," according to Mike Beasley at 9to5Mac.  He, and many others, are basing
this on a translation of a Chinese-language post at "The Commercial Times." You
can find that post here, which won't do you much good unless you read Chinese.
But there is Google Translate, which as always a mixed blessing.

According to The Rollup's copy/paste results with Google, here's the start of
the story: "Apple iPhone 6 is expected to show up in the second half, it is
understood, and Master ( 4938 ) won the part of the iPhone 6 orders for the
expansion of production capacity, and the newly established Master Kunshan "Shi
Shuo" is now finishing factory, recruiting staff, is expected to 3rd season
starts running."

That qualifies as a "riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma," to quote
Winston Churchill but the Main Point is clear, right? Some factory, probably a
really big one, is going to pretty soon starts running and crank out the Next
iPhone.

"Currently not much is known about the so-called iPhone 6 aside from a few
details about its display, which is said to be made of sapphire (possibly at
Apple's new Mesa, Ariz., plant) and will be bigger than the current iPhone
display," Beasley writes, in a sentence that manages to be both understatement
and overstatement at the same time. We know almost nothing about the iPhone 6,
including the rumored sapphire glass cover and the rumored display size.

But whatever it will be, according to The Commercial Times, "For the second half
of iPhone 6 to prepare for the production, Shi Shuo has begun hiring is expected
to recruit thousands of workers will be trained to go to Shanghai Chang-seok,
the second quarter is expected to formally put into production in the third
quarter volume."

Without knowing more about Apple's supply chain in general and Pegatron's
manufacturing for Apple, it's problematic drawing definite conclusions from this
sketchy report. At some point, the assembly lines have to start, possibly with
an initially low output, and then scale upward to meet Apple's inventory targets
for whenever the new phone, or phones, go on sale. Is that a one-quarter
process? Or longer?

One more reason to hate the iPhone 5c.

Apple's announced this week a new version of iPhone 5, with a lower price tag
because it has less memory (8GB). Because of that desperate move to shore up a
manifestly failed product, Apple has to delay releasing the iPhone 6.

This remarkable interpretation was crafted by, among others, Kristin Dian
Mariano, in a blogpost at International Business Times.  The reasoning, if it
can be called that, goes like this: Apple was going to release the awesomely
magical iPhone 6 in June 2014 at the next Apple Worldwide Developers Conference;
but the iPhone 5c has been a "bit of a flop," Mariano says, so the launch of a
cheaper 5c model, with 8GB of storage, "will help Apple regain its stance in the
market."

But in order for this new model of the iFlop to, um, fail just as effectively as
the original, Apple has to delay releasing the iPhone 6.

It's all so obvious.

As we note this week [See "The great 'iPhone 5c is a failure' freakout"], there
is no credible evidence whatever that the iPhone 5c is a failure. That little
evidence we have, including Tim Cook's widely and wildly misunderstood comments
during the January quarterly earnings call, indicate that the 5c is achieving
the goals Apple set for it.   This is just one of three completely unsupported
assertions, contained in separate tweets by Sonny Dickson, a young Australian
who has received photos and, at least in the past, parts taken from Apple's
supply chain partners. At least some have proven to be authentic when the yearly
new iPhone subsequently was released.

Dickson sent four tweets altogether:iPhone 6 will be 0.22 inches thick
#JustSayingUltra-Retina screen will be 389 ppi #JustSayingThe new Apple A8
processor will run at 2.6 GHz. #JustSayingAnd finally: These specs could be the
real thing #JustSaying Indeed they could be. But Dickson gave no source, not
even a hint of a source, for these claims. There was no companion post at his
now-much-slicker Website. Now, it even comes with advertising..

For iClarified.com, which picked up on the Dickson tweets, he is a "reputable
source of Apple leaks in the past." For handy comparison, the post notes that
"the iPhone 5s is 0.30 inches thick, has a Retina Display with 326 ppi, and an
A7 processor that runs at 1.3GHz."

"Sonny has been responsible for a number of component and detail leaks in the
past, so people tend to listen when he says he has some inside information,"
explains iDownloadBlog's Cody Lee.  When you have a rep like that, your inside
information speaks for itself.

Dickson's claims are plausible. So are almost any others one could make up. But
plausibility only gets us so far. As "Sonny" himself tweeted, these specs could
be the real thing.

Or not.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network
World.Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2014 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              140 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

About Those Wireless Headphones, and Other Apple Accessories

BYLINE: By J. D. BIERSDORFER and BRIAN X. CHEN

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Personal Tech; TECH TIP; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1840 words


After Apple unveiled new iPhones and smartwatches last week, we asked readers to
send us their questions about the devices. J. D. Biersdorfer and Brian X. Chen
answer the queries.

Q. How much is the new iPhone going to cost? Do the wireless headphones come
with the phone or is a separate payment needed? What colors do they come in
again? -- Stephanie

J. D.: Here is the breakdown for the iPhone 7, without carrier subsidies or
trade-up deals factored in:

â-  The 32-gigabyte model: $650.

â-  The 128-gigabyte model: $750.

â-  The 256-gigabyte model (the one with the largest capacity): $850.

For the larger iPhone 7 Plus:

â-  The 32-gigabyte model: $770.

â-  The 128-gigabyte model: $870.

â-  The 256-gigabyte model: $970.

Apple and most wireless carriers offer monthly payment plans to carve up the
cost into smaller cash chunks. Wired earbuds are included in the box, but the
wireless AirPods are not part of the package and will cost an additional $160
when they arrive in late October.

As for colors, you have your choice of silver, gold, pink (''rose gold'') or
flat black for all models. A new glossy ebony shade called ''jet black'' is also
available for both iPhone 7 models in the 128- and 256-gigabyte capacities, but
Footnote No. 1 on Apple's product specifications page warns that the color's
''high shine may show fine microabrasions with use.'' It suggests getting a case
to protect it -- which may defeat the purpose of getting the stylish new color
unless you like scratches or clear plastic phone cases.

I have an iPhone 6 I purchased in November 2014 with a warranty, which expires
in November 2016. Is it worth it for me to purchase an iPhone 7? -- Jack
Bertolino

Brian: Based on speed alone, it is probably worthwhile to upgrade if you
currently own an iPhone 6. The iPhone 7 is significantly faster than the iPhone
6. In speed tests conducted with the app Geekbench 4, the iPhone 7 was 114
percent faster than the iPhone 6.

Other than that, the iPhone 7 camera is significantly better than the one on the
iPhone 6. And when you consider the benefits of the iPhone 7's being water-and
dust-resistant, over all this is a meaningful upgrade if you own an iPhone that
is at least two years old.

What is the weight difference for the new phones compared to past models? --
Burt Herman

J. D.: For the iPhone models with the 4.7-inch screen size, Apple's
specifications state the iPhone 6 from two years ago tipped the scales at 4.55
ounces and last year's iPhone 6s came in at 5.04 ounces -- but the iPhone 7 dips
back down to 4.87 ounces. In the 5.5-inch screen category, the larger iPhone 6
Plus model has a listed weight of 6.07 ounces and the iPhone 6s Plus is 6.77
ounces, but the iPhone 7 Plus edges down to 6.63 ounces. In comparison, the
lightest model currently for sale is the iPhone SE, which was released earlier
this year. The iPhone SE, with a smaller four-inch screen, is a comparatively
svelte 3.99 ounces.

Can other brands of wireless headphones be used with the new 7? Or are you
limited to the Apple headphones because of a new type of chip in the device? --
Mark Singleton

Brian:  The iPhone 7 supports the open Bluetooth standard, so third-party
wireless headphones will be compatible with it. The proprietary chip you are
referring to, called W1, is inside the AirPods, Apple's new wireless earbuds.
The AirPods will work fully only with Apple devices. While non-Apple Bluetooth
devices can connect with the AirPods for audio, they would not be able to take
advantage of the AirPods' special auto-pairing feature or Siri.

How does the iPhone 7 camera differ from the ones on the iPhone 6 and 6s? -- Pat
Well

J. D.: Far from the measly fixed-focus, two-megapixel camera in 2007's original
iPhone, the iPhone 6 line of 2014 had an eight-megapixel camera with a
five-element lens, f/2.2 aperture, a True Tone Flash, face detection and other
advanced features; the larger 6 Plus also provided optical image stabilization.
The iPhone 6s series bumped up the camera resolution to 12 megapixels and added
the animated Live Photos feature and 4K video support -- but kept the
five-element lens and f/2.2 aperture, while optical image stabilization stayed
exclusive to the Plus-size version.

However, the iPhone 7 provides optical image stabilization in both the regular
and supersize models, and upgrades the hardware to a six-element lens for more
colorful photos with greater image detail. The lens also has a larger aperture
of f/1.8 and this year's iPhones have a flash that is 50 percent brighter than
the one on last year's models.

Devotion to serious smartphone photography is where the iPhone 7 line diverges,
as the bigger iPhone 7 Plus adds a second camera on the back -- a 12-megapixel
telephoto unit with a f/2.8 aperture, as well as optical and digital zoom. To
get professional-quality portraits, the 7 Plus uses the two cameras together to
show the picture's main subject in sharp focus while gently blurring the
background.

For those concerned with the selfie quality in their Instagram feeds, the
resolution on the front FaceTime camera has taken a huge leap since the
1.2-megapixel version on the iPhone 6, and even the five-megapixel front camera
on last year's iPhone 6s. The iPhone 7 now tops the line with a seven-megapixel
camera staring you in the face.

When you are in an app and you accidentally touch the iPhone's new home button,
as it is touch-sensitive now, will the app close out? -- Amanda

Brian: No, the app will not close out. The virtual home button is not just
touch-sensitive; it is force-sensitive, meaning it can detect how hard you
press. In other words, you have to press down on the button to return to the
home screen; when you do, the home button will vibrate in response.

How do you charge the new AirPods? -- John Steel

J. D.: The new wireless earbuds will come with a special portable case that both
stores and charges the headphones; numerous people have already described it as
looking like a large dental floss dispenser. The AirPods themselves are supposed
to get about five hours of use per full charge -- or a minimum of three charging
sessions to get through all four operas in Richard Wagner's epic ''Ring" cycle.

When the juice runs out, you put the AirPods in the little white charging case
to power up again. Apple estimates 15 minutes in the case should get the AirPods
about three hours of listening time or at least an hour of talk time, as the
earbuds also include microphones for phone calls or Siri commands. The special
charging case needs its own power refill after about 24 hours of listening time.
So before long trips, remember to charge the charging case as you charge the
AirPods so the music doesn't die while you are in transit.

Can the AirPods be used with older phones? -- Curtis Bale

Brian: Older iPhones capable of running the new operating system, iOS 10, will
be compatible with the AirPods. Apple's website says that iPhones all the way
back to the four-year-old iPhone 5 can run iOS 10.

When you say Apple will include an adapter in the box -- is that for old
headphones? I have very expensive headphones so I'm not just looking for earbud
replacements. -- Margaret Smyth

J. D.: Yes, each new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus includes an Apple ''Lightning to
3.5-millimeter headphone jack adapter'' in the box. This slender adapter allows
you to connect any set of headphones with the standard 3.5-millimeter plug to
the jack in the new iPhone 7. If you lose the adapter, it breaks, or you have
multiple sets of headphones in rotation, you can buy additional audio dongles on
Apple's site for $9 each. Non-Apple versions of the adapter will pop up as well.

When will the iPhone 7 be available unlocked? -- Reid

Brian: You can already order an iPhone 7 unlocked from Apple's online store.
However, Apple's webpage makes buying an unlocked phone confusing. On the iPhone
7 order page, select the model you want and select a carrier. Then choose a
color and storage capacity, and finally, scroll down and select the ''Pay in
full'' option to buy an unlocked iPhone.

Is the iPhone 7 the same size as the iPhone 6? Basically, will my case for the
iPhone 6 fit onto the iPhone 7? -- Emma Millen

J. D.: It depends on the type of case you have. While 2014's iPhone 6 and 2016's
iPhone 7 are the same width and length, the new model (and last year's iPhone
6s) is 0.01 inches thicker than the iPhone 6 -- 0.27 inches versus 0.28 inches
deep, to be specific. So loosefitting portfolio/wallet/belt-clip cases or
generic bumpers may still work depending on the individual design, but if you
have a sleek form-fitting case with precise notches carved out for ports and
components, you will probably need to go shopping. That's because the upgraded
camera system on the back of the iPhone 7 is bigger and needs a larger piece cut
away than what is provided by many cases specifically designed for the iPhone 6/
6s line.

Additionally, if you plan to use the iPhone 7's new second speaker along the
bottom edge -- and do not have a case that provides a gap for it -- things may
sound a little muffled.

I just purchased an Apple Watch within the past two weeks. Since they are
selling the older version of the watch, called Series 1, with an upgraded
processor, is there any chance Apple will replace the processors on recently
purchased watches? -- Randy Eichen

Brian: Probably not. For Apple, upgrading the older Apple Watch with a new chip
was not as simple as sticking a faster chip inside it -- it required
re-engineering parts of the watch to support the new chip. If you have buyer's
remorse and would like the Apple Watch Series 1 with the faster processor, your
best bet is to go to an Apple Store and ask for an exchange.

Apple's return policy gives you 14 days to return an item for a refund or
exchange. Even if you have passed that deadline, there is a good chance that if
you beg politely, a store representative will make an exception, given the
circumstances.

Will there be a splitter available to allow recharging and listening through the
headphone jack at the same time? -- Meridee

J. D.: Yes, optional accessories are coming to the rescue for those who want to
simultaneously charge the phone's battery while using a pair of wired
headphones.

Early products include Belkin's $40 Lighting Audio and Charge RockStar adapter
and Apple's own $49 iPhone Lightning Dock. Expect other products as well.
Belkin's glossy white accessory basically turns one Lightning port into two.
Apple's latest device dock cradles the phone as it sits atop a Lightning
connector for charging or syncing to a computer; the dock is available in five
colors and compatible with all previous Lightning port-equipped iPhone models.
The back of the dock provides a 3.5-millimeter audio jack to plug in a pair of
headphones -- including the new Lightning headphones with the free adapter that
comes with the new iPhone 7 family.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/15/technology/personaltech/iphone
-7-apple-watch-faq.html

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Apple's chief operating officer, Jeff Williams, discussing the
Apple Watch Series 2 last week. (PHOTOGRAPH BY BECK DIEFENBACH/REUTERS)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Question

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              141 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             The Malta Independent

                                October 29, 2014

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus now available at all Vodafone outlets

LENGTH: 395  words


Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus have finally arrived in Malta and are
exclusively available at all Vodafone retail outlets. Vodafone is the official
Apple representative in Malta.

"We are extremely excited to offer our customers even more choice in the shape
of the new iconic iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus," said Luan Vella, Terminals Senior
Executive. "With our high speed and reliable network and our great value plans,
Vodafone customers can be assured of a great experience at great value. We are
also particularly pleased that the arrival of the iPhone 6 coincides with
Vodafone's roll-out of 4G to our prepaid and contractual customers, so they can
get full benefit from the iPhone 6 experience thanks to the much faster download
speeds that 4G offers"

Vodafone is pleased to offer the best prices on the market, with the iPhone 6
costing [#x20ac]739, or just [#x20ac]149 with Vodafone RED premium plans for the
16GB model, and the iPhone 6 Plus priced at [#x20ac]849 or just [#x20ac]199 with
Vodafone RED premium plans for the 16GB model.

The iPhone 6 is available in grey, gold and silver. It has a 4.7 inch display
that is the largest ever on offer and also features brilliant colour and higher
contrast at even wider viewing angles with its 1334 x 750 resolution. It runs on
iOS 8, the world's most advanced mobile operating system, and includes the all
new A8 chip that can sustain higher performance than the previous A7 chip. This
allows giving customers the luxury of playing graphics-intensive games and
enjoying video at higher frame rates for longer than ever.

The iPhone 6 Plus also comes in grey, gold and silver  and features a 5.5 inch,
1920 x 1080 resolution screen. It operates on an A8 64-bit ARM with M8 motion
coprocessor, which is a remarkably small and efficient chip which is able to
deliver incredible performance with up to 50 per cent more energy efficient than
the A7 chip. Another feature is Metal, a new technology that lets developers
create highly immersive console-style games on iPhone and which is optimised to
allow the CPU and GPU to work together to deliver detailed graphics and complex
visual effects.

For further information on the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, visit one of
Vodafone's retail outlets across Malta and Gozo, call 247 from a Vodafone line
or 9999 9247 from any other line, visit www.vodafone.com .mt or log onto
Vodafone Malta's Facebook Page.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1594


                    Copyright 2014 Standard Publications Ltd
               Provided by Syndigate Media Inc. (Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              142 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                           February 17, 2014, Monday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending Feb. 14;
Fakes that tell the truth, side-view LEDs, sapphire hopes

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 2123 words


Just in time for Valentine's Day, blurry photos of the iPhone 6 appeared online
and went viral thanks to social mediaand Apple Obsession Syndrome. It didn't
even matter that they were fakes.

Also this week, Apple is changing to 0.4t side-view type LEDs in iPhone 6 and
that just has to be a Good Thing. A new "report" affirms the long-held rumor
that Apple will release two iPhone 6 models, each with a bigger-than-four-inch
display. And there were dueling rumors about whether or not sapphire would
bejewel iPhone 6 in a big way.

You read it here second.

This leak turns out to be a complicated tale as is the social media tail that
revealed it. It's rife with deception, betrayal, visual manipulation,
self-serving promotion, solemn pronouncements.

+More on network World: 8 Productivity Gadgets You Didn't Know You Needed |
Eye-popping Presidents' Day weekend tech bargain + In any case, according to one
account, it began with an anonymous Twitter account posting photographs of a
larger, thinner iPhone. The iOSphere's leading Professional Leaker, Sonny
Dickson, helpfully tweeted attention: "Could this be Apple's next iPhone? The
iPhone 6?" The iOSphere went into spasms of pleasure.

(Dickson posted the photos at his own website, claiming to have "gotten our
hands on some great photos of the iPhone's rear casing in Space Grey...."
Several commenters quickly labeled them "fake" largely because the all-metal
back casing would effectively block cellular antenna signals. That led to a
further discussion about using the Wondrous Liquidmetal as the casing material,
but that's another continuing rumor....) "In the full photos, a new design is
clearly shown with a larger display and no bezel on the side," according to the
detailed analysis by Jacob Kastrenakes, at The Verge. "Bezel on the top and
bottom has narrowed significantly as well. The design wouldn't be out of line
for Apple and it aligns with what early reports of the new device have
described."

Not out of line a bit with all those early "reports." This is the well-known
"hall of mirrors effect" - an unsubstantiated rumor, including a "leaked"
photograph - is validated because it's just like all the previous
unsubstantiated rumors. Conversely, if the new rumor is different, it's
validated precisely because it's different.

But then some iOSpherians began raising questions, pointing out that some parts
of the photographs seemed identical to images created by one Martin Hajek, who
specializes, according to his website, in "visualizing the future in 3D one
render at a time" especially with regard to future Apple products.

What's really interesting is the reaction to the fake, namely the conclusion
that it doesn't matter.

At the Motley Fool, Ashraf Eassa raised the question twice. "[T]he question that
investors and phone enthusiasts must ask themselves is this: Is this image real
or just a very clever render?"

But after his own analysis that claimed to have found all kinds of flaws, thus
revealing it is, in fact, a fake, he adds a subhed to his post - "Is it fake?" -
and then concludes, "At the end of the day, the iPhone 6 may very well look like
the leak above, and the leak itself may prove legitimate. There really are only
so many ways to make a larger, thinner iPhone, and the leaked image does look
plausible."

So even though the image, because it's a fake, is completely useless in helping
us learn about iPhone 6, nevertheless the image, because it's a fake, helps us
learn about the iPhone 6 because it looks plausible.

Kastrenakes updated his post with among other additions this "Correction: This
story has been updated with evidence that the iPhone 6 images are fakes." But,
you know, useful fakes.

If it's new, it must be right.

In a post that mainly echoed the Dickson/Hajek revelations, Mashable's Adario
Strange went for, you know, context. In iOSpherian terms that means using
another set of rumors to give a new perspective on the rumors you're repeating.

"Earlier on Wednesday, the South China Morning Post released a report that
described Apple's next iPhone in similar fashion [i.e., with a larger screen],"
Strange wrote. "Citing industry insiders, the newspaper reported that the iPhone
will come in two sizes: 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches, respectively, and will hit
stores in September."

You can find the entirety of this ground-breaking, earth-shattering "report"
here.  "The tech giant will roll out the iPhone 6 in two sizes - 4.7 inch and
5.5 inch - in September, according to industry insiders who have seen the
prototypes," according to the SCMP post.

And there's more. So much more. "The new iPhone screen will be made entirely
from scratch-resistant sapphire crystal glass, they said. Sapphire crystal,
second to diamond as the hardest material, is now used by Apple for its iPhone
camera lens cover and touch identification. It will also sport a new display at
441 pixels per inch (ppi), the same as the Samsung Galaxy S4.

The highest definition Apple now offers has only 326 ppi."

On and on it goes, an overflowing abundance of nearly every major iPhone rumor
for the past 12 to 18 months at least.

But this time there are industry insiders who have seen prototypes of these
big-screen iPhone 6 models.

There are probably a lot of iPhone prototypes gathering dust on shelves
throughout the Apple supply chain. Because doing prototypes is part of what's
called the Design Process. And as others have pointed out for several years,
it's almost certainly true that Apple routinely has been testing out different
screen sizes for both its phone and tablet products. But there is no indication
that the prototypes mentioned in the SCMP post are prototypes of the 2014 iPhone
models.

So is Apple testing out different sizes for iPhone screens? Sure. Will the 2014
iPhone model or models have bigger-than-four-inch screens? Not so sure.

Finally, Strange repeats another claim in the SCMP post, that "Apple will
discontinue its cheaper iPhone 5C, but will keep the iPhone 5S in production
using cheaper materials."

This shocks, awes, and astounds him. "If that portion of the report turns out to
be accurate, it would represent the first and biggest mobile-device misstep on
Apple's part in the entire history of the iPhone," he assures readers, with
"Apple admitting that it made a huge mistake...."

The iPhone 5C is essentially a slightly improved iPhone 5, with a plastic case.
As such, it fills the traditional role that the iPhone 5 would have filled after
the release of the iPhone 5S - of the lower-priced, slightly older model. The
meme that the iPhone 5C has "failed" is as widespread as it is - at least for
now -- unfounded. What would be interesting to know is the unit sales of iPhone
5C since its release, compared to unit sales of the iPhone 4S after the release
of the iPhone 5.

But Apple doesn't segment its phone sales, at least for public consumption.

So that would mean that once the iPhone 6 is released, Apple indeed will
"discontinue its cheaper iPhone 5C, but will keep the iPhone 5S in production
using cheaper materials." Like...a plastic case.

The Rollup doesn't know what that means, except that Apple is supposedly
changing the specifications for the iPhone 6 backlight LED. And it's doing that,
according to LEDInside, because iPhone 6 will have a larger display, at 4.7
inches diagonal, and a "much lighter" frame," which apparently means being a
"slimmer" phone overall.

And another thing: it's going to be released in June 2014.

All of this is based on "industry insiders" and/or "sources from Apple supply
chain" and/or "industry rumors." They may be one and the same: the post doesn't
go into details about from whence the details come.

LEDInside is a market researcher that "covers the technology development, market
trend, and financial information of the LED industry." It's a subsidiary of
TrendForce, a market intelligence company based in Taipei, Taiwan.

"In the previous generation, the iPhone used 0.6t side-view type LED, in
contrast the new iPhone will probably be adopting 0.4t side-view type LED,"
according to the LEDInside post.

The advent of the 0.4t side view LED is exciting news no doubt (and would have
been positively thrilling but for the use of "probably") if you believe the
industry insiders, sources from the Apple supply chain and industry rumors.

TechRadar's J. Rogerson puts this revelation in terms that even we can
understand. "While we've never been one to call the current crop of iPhones or
iPads chunky little things, apparently the LEDS used to light the screen are
just too big," he writes.  Too big LEDs. What was Apple thinking?

A contrarian post at a Chinese website called MyDrives.com sparked a blizzard of
iOSphere repetitions. The original post, found here in Google Translate,
asserted, kind of, that Apple will not be introducing a sapphire screen on the
iPhone 6.

If you're interested in background on MyDrives, you can check Alexa.com's
traffic and related data. Most of the visitors are Chinese and male and young.
The second largest source of visitors: the United States. The top keyword search
sending visitors to the site: iPhone. MyDrivers "provides drivers download and
introduction, providing the latest industry news, the latest IT hardware
evaluation and presentation."

The website claims there is a beta iPhone 6 with a sapphire screen but also
claims it is unlikely to go into production.

"Earlier today, given the news that Taiwan's industrial chain, currently there
is indeed a beta of iPhone 6 with sapphire screen version, but from the current
situation, it seems that Apple intends to launch it, but the reality is not very
optimistic," according to the post.

Why, you ask. Because sapphire screens are worth their weight in, well,
sapphires to manufacture and the yields are limited.

At least that's how The Rollup interprets the following: "Chain sources, the
current constraints iPhone 6 screen, there are two main sapphire, the first is
the manufacturing cost increase, the second is the limited production capacity,
meanwhile, is about to meet with you iWatch will adopt sapphire glass, of
course, for production supply, Apple is very hard."

The website arrives a distinctly downbeat conclusion. "As to whether the news
finally come true, but also Apple's face, hoping that they will bring us
pleasant surprise."

Hope is what the iOSphere is all about. With all the rumors about the virtues of
sapphire, the deal between Apple and GTAT to run a massive sapphire foundry in
Mesa, Arizona, hope bloomed like Valentine roses. "[E]veryone began to hope that
the next iPhone flagship will indeed pack a sapphire screen," writes Mihai
Matei, at GforGames.com.

Of course this contradicts another post, the aforementioned one at South China
Morning Post, which declares that both the new larger-screened iPhone 6 models
will have sapphire screens.

MacRumors is taking an agnostic approach to the contradiction, dutifully noting
on Feb. 11 that there won't be any sapphire screens, except for the mythical
iWatch and the next day, dutifully noting that there will be.  GforGames' Matei
seems resigned to a cruelly disappointed hope. "As always, it's difficult know
for sure (or t0 accurately predict) what will happen in the second half of the
year, and the next iPhone is still quite a mystery, despite the numerous rumors
surrounding it," he writes, perfectly summing up the epistemic dilemma of the
iOSphere. "Whether or not we'll get to see a sapphire screen on the iPhone 6
remains to be seen, but chances are slim."

At 9to5Mac, Mark Gurman has been working with an investor, Mark Margolis, to
track down documents about Apple's deal with GTAT. The most recent post, from
Feb. 6, links to a redacted SEC filing by GTAT that goes into detail about the
agreement.

You can find the document online.  The Rollup doesn't agree with some of
Gurman's specific deductions, but the SEC filing makes clear this is a massive
Apple investment, apparently similar to the kinds of capital spending
arrangements it has with its Asian suppliers and that it appears to commit GTAT
to an exclusive relationship with Apple with regard to sapphire production in
very large quantities. A reasonable conclusion is that Apple seems to be
preparing to create sapphire displays for larger devices.

Margolis this week disagreed with the GforGames conclusion that sapphire is
still too expensive for Apple to use on the iPhone.

He argues that given the dramatic cost reductions in sapphire manufacturing and
Apple's gigantic share of smartphone profits, there is "wiggle room in their
margin to add sapphire displays."

The question remains as to when they'll be added.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network
World.Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2014 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

iPhone 6 UAE launch set for September 26

LENGTH: 207  words


Etisalat, the UAE based mobile operator has announced the availability of the
iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus in the UAE. According to a tweet posted by
Etisalat UAE, the new iPhones will be available in the UAE on on the 26th
September which is just a week after they will be released in [...]
The post iPhone 6 UAE launch set for September 26 appeared first on tbreak.ae.

Etisalat, the UAE based mobile operator has announced the availability of the
iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus in the UAE. According to a tweet posted by
Etisalat UAE, the new iPhones will be available in the UAE on on the 26th
September which is just a week after they will be released in the US.

EtisalatUAE announced it will offer #iPhone6 and #iPhone6plus on 26 september.
For more details visit http://t.co /Qkn2dxZ3fs

-- Etisalat UAE (@EtisalatUAE) September 9, 2014

This is the fastest that we've seen a new iPhone officially launch in the
region. No word on prices yet or whether du will also be offering the iPhone 6
at the same date. We've reached out to them and will update this post with any
new information we get regarding the release of the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6
Plus in the UAE.

The post iPhone 6 UAE launch set for September 26 appeared first on tbreak.ae.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2014 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              144 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 4, 2014 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

The best places to make a trade-in for an iPhone 6

BYLINE: Hayley Tsukayama

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 702 words


Now that the initial burst of orders for Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus is
starting to fade away, some stores are actually able to hold the new phones in
stock.

Sadly, a lot of the best trade-in deals have expired. But if you're looking to
pick up a new iPhone and want to get some cash (or at least store credit) for
your old one, here's a rundown of retailers that are still willing to give you
special deals if you buy an iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus.

Wal-Mart:  America's largest retailer is kicking off its iPhone 6 trade-in
program in more than 3,000 of its stores across the country. If your phone (
iPhone or Android) is in particularly good condition, you can get double its
trade-in value to use toward a new iPhone on AT&T, Verizon or Sprint on a
two-year plan.

The deal, which runs from Sunday to Oct. 18, applies only if your phone has a
trade-in value of $200 or less, as determined by your local Wal-Mart. An iPhone
with a value of $100, for example, would get you $200 in store credit toward the
newest models.

AT&T:  AT&T will give you up to $300 in trade-in value for your old iPhone
toward an iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus as long as you act before Oct. 31. The
carrier will offer you a $300 promo card for an iPhone 5s, $200 for an iPhone 5
or 5c, and $100 for an iPhone 4 or 4s. You can choose to put the new phone on a
traditional plan, unlocked, or AT&T Next plan - which is for consumers who want
to upgrade their devices frequently.

Verizon:  Verizon is still offering an iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus trade-in deal,
promising to give you a $300 gift card for your old iPhone 5s and $200 for an
iPhone 5c, iPhone 4 or iPhone 4s. The offer stands through Oct. 15 and is also
good for new iPhones that are unlocked, on a two-year contract or on the
company's fast-upgrade plan, Verizon Edge.

Sprint:  Playing some hardball, Sprint is offering a deal to people who want to
switch carriers. The carrier will actually buy out family plans from other
carriers and give consumers a Visa prepaid card worth up to $350 per line. The
deal applies only to "customers who bring their number from another carrier and
activate an iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus on the Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan." The
offer is only available at Sprint stores or by calling Sprint's sales team, and
only through Oct. 31. Plus, prepaid cards can take up to 12 weeks to arrive, so
budget that in.

T-Mobile:  In a move that should not surprise anyone, T-Mobile is also
aggressively targeting its competitors with its trade-in deal. T-Mobile promises
"over $350" for an eligible iPhone 5s and also promises to match any trade-in
value you might get from AT&T, Verizon or Sprint.

"If you do find a better trade-in value from AT&T, Verizon, or Sprint, we will
beat it and pay out the difference," the company promises on its trade-in page.
"Plus, for a limited time we'll give you $50, so you can trade up to the new
device you want today." T-Mobile hasn't given an end date for this promotion but
said it's for a "limited time."

eBay:  If you're looking to sell your phone on eBay, the online retailer is
still offering a pretty good deal, promising that it will give you a $100 coupon
for your phone even if you can't sell it. It is also boasting that phones are
selling for up to $400 on the site - that plum price is for a 64GB iPhone 5s in
"excellent" condition - and claims that, overall, its top price is up to $200
better than the average price sellers are getting from other trade-in programs.
This deal ends Oct. 24, and you only have 14 days to redeem your $100 coupon if
your phone doesn't sell.

Other options:  There are several other resellers online such as Gazelle and
Amazon, or you can take your chances on the open market with Craigslist. Before
you do that, be sure to deactivate the "Find my iPhone" service and wipe the
data from your phone. It's also always a good idea to pop out your SIM card
(subscriber identity module card).

There are also a ton of other retailers that have trade-in programs - Target,
GameStop, RadioShack, Best Buy and Apple itself to name a few - so even if you
missed the best iPhone trade-in deals, you should still be able to get something
for your old phone.

hayley.tsukayama@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              145 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

Local companies ramp up new iPhone accessory lines

BYLINE: By Julio Ojeda-Zapata jojeda@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: BUSINESS; High-Tech

LENGTH: 622 words


Apple's hugely popular iPhone handsets routinely spawn avast array of
accessories -- notably cases and other protectors -- andtherecently released
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models are no exceptions.

Minnesota-based companies catering to this insatiable demandwere ready this
month when Apple revealed its new, larger iPhones.Boutique-style firms such as
RobbieMoto, Pad & Quill, Landmark& Lions and Twig Case Co. now have locally
handcrafted gear availablefor purchase or pre-order.

Apple fanatics soon will be able to get custom-painted iPhone6 or iPhone 6 Plus
handsets courtesy of a Winona company.

Richfield-based retail giant Best Buy said Wednesday it hasjoined the accessory
stampede with a new line of gadgetry add-ons thatis inspired by the apparel
collections of leading fashion designersAnna Sui, Nanette Lepore and Isaac
Mizrahi.

Among the smaller companies in the field:

Pad & Quill . Initiallyknown for book-like iPad cases consisting of wooden
frames and leathercoverings, this Minneapolis firm has recently expanded its
offerings toinclude a greater range of protective products.

Its iPhone 6 and 6 Plus products, now available for preorder,include
wallet-style cases with the wooden frames; different, framelesswallet cases
within which Apple handsets adhere; and a sturdybumper-style leather case that
incorporates a credit-card pocket.

Twig CaseCo . The iPhone cases by this Waseca firm arelargely made of a
paper-like substance called Richlite that feels a bitlike wood, and allows for
intricate engravings.

Twig isn't initially offering cases for new iPhone models,though, but is selling
iPhone 6 "Paperbacks" consisting ofbamboo-and-Richlite panels that stick to the
front and back of the newhandset.

Twig says this is an antidote to a slightly protruding iPhone6 camera lens that
annoys some owners. But the Paperbacks do notprovide the protection a case does,
it cautions.

Landmarks& Lions . This small, family-ownedMinneapolis company has adapted its
nautically inspiredleather-and-canvas iPhone wallets for the bigger dimensions
of theiPhone 6 and 6 Plus. The wallets have card slots along with the
handsetcompartment.

Byrd& Belle . Specializing in tech protectorsmade of wool and hand-dyed leather,
this Minneapolis company makes itsproducts to order based on the dimensions of a
buyer's device. FounderAngie Davis is likely to see an avalanche of iPhone 6 and
6 Plusorders.

Nedrelow . A maker ofdistinctive wool sleeves -- branded, appropriately enough,
"Sleeve" --Minneapolis-based Nedrelow recently added the new iPhones to its
listof compatible products, which include other phones as well as laptopsand
tablets.

Robbiemoto . Notable forits high-fashion, brightly colored wallets and cases for
phone users,this St. Paul-based company also assembles its products to order
basedon clients' devices.

Certain of its protectors, such as its Leather iPhone Wallets,are already listed
as iPhone 6- and iPhone 6 Plus-compatible on thefirm's Etsypage .

ColorWare .Renowned for high-quality (and high-cost) gadget paint jobs,this
Winona company colorizes older iPhone models, and it has the newApple handsets
in its sights.

"We are in the process of prototyping both phones,"spokeswoman Nicole Czarnomski
said.

Best Buy. The retailer's fashion-spawnedtech-accessory line will include laptop,
tablet and smartphoneprotectors -- including iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus cases
that are duein mid-October.

The accessories are intended to reflect the distinctive styleof each designer.
Mizrahi's technology add-ons are to be emblazonedwith "his iconic prints: polka
dots, stripes and exploded florals aremixed with vibrant hues of fuchsia,
lavender and gold," according to aBest Buy news release.

Best Buy's cases are not made in Minnesota.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              146 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                      Khaleej Times (United Arab Emirates)

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Etisalat to offer new iPhones in the UAE from today

LENGTH: 282 words


Etisalat announced that it will offer the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, the
biggest advancements in iPhone history, in the UAE starting today.

Both 16GB models of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available starting at
Dh0 upfront. Etisalat will allow iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus customers to connect
to the UAE's widest LTE network.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are the biggest advancements in iPhone history,
featuring two new models with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch Retina HD displays, and
packed with innovative technologies in an all-new dramatically thin and seamless
design that is still comfortable to hold and easy to use.

Both models are better in every way and include: the Apple-designed A8 chip with
second generation 64-bit desktop-class architecture for blazing fast performance
and power efficiency; advanced iSight and FaceTime HD cameras; and ultrafast
wireless technologies.

The new iPhones include iOS 8, the biggest release since the App Store,
featuring a simpler, faster and more intuitive user experience with new Messages
and Photos features, predictive typing for Apple's QuickType keyboard and Family
Sharing. iOS 8 also includes the new Health app, giving you a clear overview of
your health and fitness data and iCloud Drive, so you can store files and access
them from anywhere.

"We know that our customers in the UAE can't wait to get their hands on iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus, which set the standard for innovation and style," said Khaled
El Khouly, chief marketing officer at etisalat.

"At etisalat, we are equally excited to offer our customers smartphone plans
designed to give them the ultimate experience on iPhone and at a great value."

-- business@khaleejtimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 44


   Copyright 2014 Khaleej Times - Galadari Printing and Publishing Co. L.L.C.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              147 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Apple sells 10 million iPhones in just three days

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 383 words


in 10 countries, far surpassed the 2 million first-day pre-orders for the iPhone
5 model two years ago.

Soham Chatrterjee higher than Wall Street estimates, based on reported sales and
projected demand for the new iPhones, Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster wrote
in a note. He said he expected earnings per share to be 12pc higher than
estimates.

Apple sold five million iPhone 5 handsets, four million iPhone 4S models and 1.7
million iPhone 4 units during the first weekend. The company said last week that
many US customers would have to wait until next month for their new iPhones due
to strong demand.

APPLE said it sold more than 10 million iPhones in the first weekend after its
new models went on sale last Friday, underscoring strong demand for phones with
larger displays.

"While our team managed the manufacturing ramp better than ever before, we could
have sold many more iPhones with greater supply and we are working hard to fill
orders as quickly as possible," Mr Cook said in a statement.

Chief executive Tim Cook said the company could have sold even more iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus models if supplies had been available.

Apple routinely faces iPhone supply constraints, particularly in years that
involve a re-design.

"Despite the supply chain constraints around the iPhone 6 Plus and tightness
around certain models of the iPhone 6, we believe (yesterday's) strong print
demonstrates that Apple executed extremely well in the face of severe supply
constraints," Cantor Fitzgerald analyst Brian White wrote in a note.

The new iPhones will be available in 20 more countries, including Ireland, on
September 26, Apple said.

Last year, Apple sold nine million iPhone 5S and 5C models in 11 countries,
including China, in the first weekend they were available.

Analysts had estimated first-weekend sales of up to 10 million iPhones, after
Apple booked record pre-orders of 4 million on September 12, the day pre-orders
opened.

The shipment levels are positive, given that iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are not
initially available in China, unlike iPhone 5S and 5C models.

Sales of the latest models in China, the world's largest smartphone market, have
been delayed by regulatory issues.

The company's first-quarter revenue is likely to be 9pc First-day pre-orders of
the new phones, which went on sale

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Robert Sheehan gets set up with the new iPhone 6 at The Apple Store in
Regent Street, London, last week. Apple said yesterday it has broken its own
records with iPhone sales over the past three days. GETTY IMAGES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              148 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

First-Weekend Sales of 2 Apple iPhones Top 10 Million

BYLINE: By BRIAN X. CHEN and MIKE ISAAC

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 870 words


Apple's investors obsess over early iPhone sales like Hollywood producers
tracking opening ticket sales for a blockbuster movie.

A big weekend is usually a healthy predictor of consumer demand for the holiday
season -- not just for Apple, but for the entire consumer electronics industry.

Those Apple watchers can rest easy because the company's new iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus are no bust. Apple said on Monday that it had sold 10 million units of
its new and bigger iPhones over the weekend, up from the nine million iPhones it
sold last year in the first weekend of sales for the previous generation of
iPhones.

The iPhone is still Apple's biggest cash cow, accounting for about 70 percent of
its profit. So early sales can help predict quarterly or even annual results for
the company, based in Cupertino, Calif.

Now the momentum from the new iPhones' strong opening weekend is expected to
help carry Apple to record sales this holiday quarter. Maynard Um, a senior
research analyst for Wells Fargo, predicts Apple will sell about 58 million
iPhones in the holiday quarter, up from 51 million in that period a year ago.
Toni Sacconaghi, a financial analyst for Sanford C. Bernstein, estimates Apple
will sell 55 million to 60 million iPhones in the holiday season.

The weekend iPhone sales, which were a record for Apple, were on the upper end
of financial analysts' predictions, which ranged from 6.5 million to the ''low
teens'' of millions of units.

The early results also reflect consumer demand for bigger phone screens. Both
new iPhones have much larger screens than the 4 inches of earlier versions: the
iPhone 6's screen is 4.7 inches diagonal and the 6 Plus is 5.5 inches diagonal.

The only real surprise to some analysts is that Apple held out so long before
releasing smartphones that kept pace with large-screen competitors from
companies like Samsung Electronics, HTC and Nokia, which have been offering
so-called phablets -- a blurring of the line between a phone and a tablet
computing device -- for several years.

''It's really unusual that a company avoids a hot product category as long as
Apple has been avoiding phablets,'' said Tero Kuittinen, a managing director for
Frank N. Magid Associates, a technology research company. ''Every other vendor
jumped on the phablet train.''

As is typical with Apple product introductions, some customers stayed up late to
order the new iPhones online while others slept in garbage bags outside Apple
Stores. But notably, none of them were in China. Apple has delayed the release
of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus there, apparently because the devices have not
received approval from Chinese regulators.

IDC, a research company, estimated that at least 20 percent of all smartphones
shipped last year in China, the largest smartphone market, were five inches or
larger.

''Even without China, Apple was able to move $6.5 billion of product in three
days, which would be impressive for any industry,'' said Walter Piecyk, managing
director at BTIG Research.

Apple's share price rose slightly Monday, ending the day up 0.1 percent to
$101.06.

Still, some analysts, like Gene Munster of Piper Jaffray, wondered whether
first-weekend sales were still a reliable measure of consumer demand. The iPhone
is already immensely popular in many countries, he noted before Apple's weekend
results, so early sales may be more of a sign of how many iPhones can initially
be produced by Apple and its manufacturing partners.

''The first-weekend iPhone sales number continues to be more about how much
Apple can supply than what the demand is in the market,'' Mr. Piecyk said.

Timothy D. Cook, chief executive of Apple, said as much on Monday.

''We could have sold many more iPhones with greater supply, and we are working
hard to fill orders as quickly as possible,'' he said in a statement.

The introduction of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus was the second time Apple released
two new iPhones at the same time. Last year, it introduced the iPhone 5S with
the iPhone 5C, a colorful plastic model sold at a lower price.

Apple is not treating the iPhone 5C like past iPhones. Traditionally, Apple has
upgraded each iPhone once a year, with improvements like faster chips and better
cameras. However, this month, instead of announcing an upgrade for the iPhone
5C, Apple said it would continue to sell the exact same iPhone, but for less:
free with a contract.

Analysts say that it appears Apple's strategy all along for the iPhone 5C was to
sell an older, plastic iPhone over a longer period to allow the costs of
production and components to drop. That lets Apple decrease the price of the
plastic iPhone and increase market share in less affluent markets.

Although Apple is late to the party with bigger phones, Samsung of South Korea
could suffer the most. Samsung, the largest handset maker, has relied heavily on
larger screens as a selling point for its popular Galaxy smartphones.

Mr. Kuittinen of Magid Associates said that Samsung's smartphone sales were
already slowing before Apple introduced larger iPhones. So this holiday season
could look grim for Samsung and other handset makers.

''It's going to be a very scary Christmas for HTC, Samsung and LG,'' he said.
''This is really going to be crunch time.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2014/09/23/technology/apple-sells-10-million-new-
iphones-in-first-weekend.html

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Thousands waited Friday outside the Apple Store on Fifth Avenue
in Midtown Manhattan to buy the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Sales stayed
strong all weekend. (PHOTOGRAPH BY HIROKO MASUIKE/THE NEW YORK TIMES) (B1)
Jamael Ahmed celebrated on Friday after being the first to buy an iPhone 6 at
the Apple Store at Covent Garden in London. (PHOTOGRAPH BY BEN A. PRUCHNIE/GETTY
IMAGES)
 Timothy Cook, Apple's chief, greeted customers Friday at a Palo  Alto, Calif.,
store where hundreds waited for the new iPhones. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JUSTIN
SULLIVAN/GETTY IMAGES) (B2)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              149 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                          September 27, 2014 Saturday
                               Australian Edition

Apple goes on the defensive over claims of bendy iPhones

BYLINE: Daisuke Wakabayashi

SECTION: WSJ; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 602  words


Apple defended against reports that its largest iPhone bends easily in people's
pockets, saying warping is "extremely rare" through normal use.

Since going on sale last week, Apple said only nine customers had contacted the
company about a bent iPhone 6 Plus - the larger and more expensive of its two
new iPhones.

Apple said both the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus had passed a series of tests meant to
check the products' strength and durability through everyday use.

The technology company said the new iPhones were made from a custom grade of
anodised aluminium, tempered for extra strength.

Apple said the phones also featured stainless steel and titanium inserts to
reinforce points of high stress.

The company said it was addressing reports that the new iPhone 6 Plus was
bending when people sat with the phone in their pockets. Videos of people
bending the jumbo-sized iPhone with their hands quickly made the rounds on
social media.

The company's response differs from the apology it provided on Wednesday US time
after withdrawing a software update because of complaints from users that the
new version of its operating system was disrupting cellular connectivity and
disabling the TouchID fingerprint reader.

Apple apologised for causing a "great inconvenience" to users. On Thursday, it
released a new update of its iOS 8 software designed to fix those issues and a
variety of other problems.

The company said its latest update also corrected a bug that affected apps
working with Apple's HealthKit repository for health and fitness data, a
much-anticipated new feature of its operating system.

Apple noted that less than 40,000 iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus devices were
affected by the faulty software during the one hour that the company had
released the update.

In the past, Apple has sometimes remained defiant against customer complaints
about a new product.

Most famously in 2010 when it introduced the iPhone 4, then-CEO Steve Jobs
struck back at complaints that the phone had a flawed antenna design, causing
connection problems. He said the complaints were blown out of proportion and
mocked the media frenzy as "antennagate". For the past two days, "#bendgate" has
been a trending topic on Twitter.

Apple pointed to five different tests that new iPhones go through in the
development process, including what is known as "pressure point cycling test"
when it applies substantial force on the display and enclosure hundreds of times
while the phone is held by the sides. Apple said this ensured the iPhones can be
bent and pressed at reasonable force throughout their life.

Another process is called the "sit test", which simulates sitting on a hard
surface with the phone in the back pocket of a pair of tight jeans. Apple said
it runs the phones through thousands of cycles testing the phone in different
positions.

The iPhone 6 Plus with its 5.5-inch display is the largest iPhone that Apple has
ever produced. Despite the larger surface area, the iPhone 6 Plus is only 7.1
millimetres thick, compared with 7.6 millimetres for the iPhone 5S and 8.97
millimetres for the plastic-encased iPhone 5C.

The company said it had sold more than 10 million of its latest iPhones in its
first weekend of availability amid supply shortages and demand for scalped
iPhones in Asia. The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus set a record for first weekend sales,
eclipsing last year's mark of nine million units when the iPhone 5S and 5C went
on sale.The frenzy around iPhones is nothing new for Apple, but the company
prepared more than usual this year after it increased screen sizes to satisfy
consumers who have sought bigger-screen iPhones for years.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              150 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Better battery life on the way

BYLINE: Jefferson Graham

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 149 words


If your iPhone runs out of juice earlier in the day than you like, Apple's new
iPhones probably made you really happy Tuesday.

Set for release on Sept. 19, the iPhone 6 has a 4.7-inch screen, and larger
iPhone 6 Plus, has a 5.5-inch screen.

Thanks to the bigger body, the battery life for the iPhone 6 Plus "is
significantly better," than the previous iPhone 5s, says Gene Munster, an
analyst with Piper Jaffray. "Battery life (on the iPhone 6 Plus) will be a big
selling point for people."

The battery life on the smaller iPhone 6 will be only "marginally" better than
the 5s, says Munster. Apple put up a chart at its iPhone event unveiling of how
battery life will be different. Apple says video playback on the iPhone 6 will
be 11% less taxing on the battery than the iPhone 5s, vs. a 14% improvement on
the larger iPhone, while talk time goes 14% longer on  iPhone 6, vs. 24% for the
iPhone Plus.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2014 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              151 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

Apple sells 10 million new iPhones in 3 days

BYLINE: BRIAN X. CHEN and MIKE ISAAC

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 556 words

ABSTRACT

Sales of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus beat sales of last year's new models in their
first three days.

FULL TEXT

Early sales of Apple's new iPhones have lived up to high expectations.

Apple said on Monday that it had sold more than 10 million of the iPhone 6 and 6
Plus models in the first three days they were available in stores. That is more
than the nine million new iPhones it sold last year in their first weekend on
sale.

The phones' larger screens - 4.7 diagonal inches for the 6 and 5.5 for the 6
Plus - are a considerable jump from the 4-inch screens of earlier iPhones.

The iPhone sales were on the upper end of financial analysts' expectations,
which ranged from 6.5 million to the ''low teens'' of millions of sales.

The strong sales mirror growing consumer demand for smartphones with bigger
screens. IDC, a research firm, estimated that at least 20 percent of all
smartphones shipped last year in China, the largest smartphone market in the
world, were five inches or larger. It also predicted that manufacturers this
year would ship more ''phablets,'' or smartphones with screens measuring at
least 5.5 diagonal inches, than laptops.

Apple's investors - much like Hollywood producers tracking the first few days of
ticket sales for a blockbuster movie - closely watch first-weekend sales for the
iPhone because they are a reflection of consumer demand. The iPhone is still
Apple's biggest cash cow, accounting for about 70 percent of its profit. So
early sales can help predict quarterly or even annual results for the company,
based in Cupertino, Calif.

But some analysts, like Gene Munster of Piper Jaffray, wondered whether
first-weekend sales were still a reliable measure for consumer demand. Apple's
iPhone is already immensely popular in many countries, so early sales may be
more of a sign of how many iPhones Apple and its manufacturing partners can
initially produce, he said before the announcement.

Walter Piecyk, managing director at BTIG Research, an industry firm, agreed.
''The first weekend iPhone sales number continues to be more about how much
Apple can supply than what the demand is in the market,'' he said.

Timothy D. Cook, Apple's chief executive, said as much on Monday. Apple ''could
have sold many more iPhones with greater supply, and we are working hard to fill
orders as quickly as possible,'' he said in a statement.

The latest iPhones also missed out on a big market: China. Apple has delayed the
release of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus there, apparently because the devices have
not yet received approval from Chinese regulators. Yet despite missing out on
hundreds of millions of potential Chinese customers, Apple impressed analysts
with its weekend performance.

''Even without China, Apple was able to move $6.5 billion of product in three
days, which would be impressive for any industry,'' Mr. Piecyk said.

The introduction of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus on Friday was the second time Apple
released two new iPhones at the same time. Last year, Apple introduced the
iPhone 5S and the iPhone 5C, a colorful plastic model sold at a lower price.

Apple is treating the iPhone 5C differently from past iPhones. Traditionally,
Apple has upgraded each iPhone once a year, with improvements like faster chips
and better cameras. But this month, Apple said it would continue to sell the
same 5C, but at a lower cost.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              152 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                    September 13, 2014 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Alexander Amosu Introduces Diamond-Studded iPhone 6

BYLINE: Kamya Kandhari, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 183  words


The diamond-studded iPhone 6 is priced at around GBP 1.7 million.

Saturday, September 13, 2014: After the big launch of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus, Alexander Amosu, a luxury designer has revealed two premium versions of
iPhone 6. iPhone 6 is now introduced with a 24-karat yellow and rose plating
while the second premium iPhone 6 is additionally studded with diamonds on its
backside and all four side bezels.

The 24-karat gold iPhone 6 is already up for pre-order at the official Alexander
Amosu website for GBP 2,399. It is named as 'Amosu 24ct Gold IPhone 6'.
Alexander Amosu has made the deal exciting for all those who pre-order the
smartphone before 12 September by giving away a leather cover worth GBP 150.

'The Amosu Call of Diamond iPhone 6' is additionally studded with 6,127 VVS1
diamonds and one big 51.29 carat diamond exactly cut to shape of apple logo. It
is priced at GBP 1.7 million according to the GSMArena. Apple iPhone 6, designed
for the elite class, has been prepared over time period of two months. The
luxury brand has not yet designed any premium version for iPhone 6 Plus.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              153 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                    September 20, 2014 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone mania Apple fans queue up for hours outside Apple Stores to get hold of
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus

LENGTH: 272  words


It is that time of the year when Apple loyalists line up outside the company's
official store night ahead the launch of the new iPhones, to get their hands on
the new generation iPhones at the earliest. The Cupertino-based tech giant Apple
has today started selling the Iphone 6 and Iphone 6 Plus in retail stores in
many countries. These countries include Australia, US, UK, Canada, France,
Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, and Singapore.

As expected, fans queued up for hours outside Apple stores across these
countries in order to become the first to get hold of the new iPhone. David
Rahimi traveled from California to Sydney to be the first in the world to own
the iPhone 6, while Sylvain became the first to get hold of iPhone 6 at the
Apple Store Opera in Paris.

However, what came as a surprise to many lining up outside Apple store in Palo
Alto, California, was the sudden appearance of Tim Cook who decided to visit the
store and took selfies with the fans. Cook was there to Kick off the iPhone 6
sale in the Apple Store. Not just that, he ensured that he get some selfies
clicked with the enthusiastic customers as well as spoke to the employees at the
store.

Apple launched the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus laong with the Watch at its event
held on Spetmber 9. The company introduced its biggest ever iPhone at the
launch, and luanched it with iOS 8 on-board. The company recently announced that
it has recived record breaking 4-million pre-orders for the iPhone 6 within
first 24 hours. Apple has not confirmed the date of launch of the new iPhones in
India, however it is rumored to come post-Diwali in the country.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              154 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Complete coverage: Apple launches iPhone 6, iPhone 6 plus, Watch and ApplePay

BYLINE: Vishal Manve

LENGTH: 2161  words


Pricing points for various models of smartphone is between $199 to $499 USD

Apple's mega iPhone 6 and iWatch launch has started as the company under tim
cook's leadership has created bigger and better products.

Apple's senior vice president of marketing Phil Schiller explained at the much
anticipated event today that the glass front curves around the side of the
phones, meeting the anodized aluminum backing.

The iPhone 6 Plus is 5.5 inches diagonally and the iPhone 6 is 4.7 inches,
compared to the iPhone 5S size of 4 inches. The phones are thinner than ever:
6.9 mm for the iPhone 6 and 7.1 mm for the larger iPhone 6 Plus.

Cook said on-stage that the company is "launching the biggest advancement in the
history of iPhone."

Apple fans have been waiting for weeks for the company to make its major
announcement in Cupertino, California. Much of the speculation has centered on
the possible release of the next iPhone and a wearable device, however Apple has
kept the big news under wraps

Apple launched Apple watches as well: Here's how you use them

*Apple Watch requires iPhone. It works with iPhone 5, 5c, 5s, 6, and 6 Plus.

*We've curated Apple Watch into three collections that consider personal style
and taste.

*You can track your progress over time in more detail with the Fitness app on
iPhone.

*The Workout app shows real-time stats such as calories, time, distance, and
pace for your workouts.

*Set goals, chart your progress, and earn awards as you track specific workouts,
such as running, walking, and cycling.

Apple Watch measures three aspects of movement.

The Activity app shows three rings: one for Move, one for Exercise, and one for
Stand.Apple Watch uses the GPS and Wi-Fi in your iPhone to help track your
distance.

*Any photos you Favorite on your iPhone or Mac will automatically appear on your
Apple Watch.

*Apple Watch comes with the Photos app. Zoom in on a picture with a turn of the
Digital Crown.

*Dictate a message, check your calendar, find the nearest coffee shop, and more.
Siri is at your service.

*Receive and send messages in amazing ways - from your wrist.

*Send preset phrases, smart responses based on your conversation, audio
messages, your location - even interactive emojis.

*Apple Watch has Siri. Press and hold the Digital Crown to activate.

*Dictate a message, check your calendar, find the nearest coffee shop, and more.
Siri is at your service.

*You always have complete control of what information reaches your Apple Watch

*Swipe up on the watch face for Glances - condensed, easily scannable views of
the apps you use most.

*To switch between watch face designs, just use Force Touch and swipe. To choose
a watch face, tap it.

*To get to the clock, tap the Clock app icon.

*Tim Cook back on stage. "We've been working on the watch for a long time. We've
assembled an amazing team to do so, that covers every discipline at Apple."

*There's also a smaller-sized watch for people who prefer concise versions.

*The first is made of stainless steel; the Sport comes with a aluminum casing;
and the Apple Edition is made of 18k gold.

* There are multiple versions of the AppleWatch.

* There's leather, polymer, metal mesh and stainless steel strap options.

*There are six different straps and a mechanism that makes those straps
interchangeable.

* You can personalize the appearance and capability of these faces.

*Uses a magsafe inductive charger.

*There are four LED lenses. It detects your pulse rate. There's also a gyroscope
and accelerometer.

*There's a custom-designed S1 chip that integrates many systems into one
chipset.

*It has a flexible Retina Display. Machine-polished sapphire screen.

*You can send sketches or even something as personal as your own heartbeat to
another person. "This is something technology usually inhibits, rather than
enables."

*We've designed a range of products so personal, you don't put them in your
pocket, you put them on your wrist. We've developed the Watch as a singular
product. You can't see a boundary between the materials and its software."

*Jony Ive is on screen now, talking about the watch.The watch's crown is the
control interface.

*Scroll, zoom, and getting back to the home screen - the crown does all this and
more

* The crown is digital now.

*"What we DIDN'T do is shrink down the iPhone interface and put it on your
wrist. That'd be a horrible experience!"

*The designs are very sharp and crisp while the crown is well-synced and
thoughful. The touch screen is smarter and the sensors on the back are preferred
standard ones. The Apple Watch does not look thinner than the others.

So, now lets check the features of these new smartphones:

So, Apple CEO Tim Cook is at the event and says, "These iPhones obviously have
bigger displays, but more importantly, they're amazing products in every single
way."

Below are the features:

*Justin Timberlake and Jimmy Fallon will be starring in Apple smartphone
advertisements.

One Twitter user tweeted her excitement as follows: Exciting to see @jimmyfallon
and @jtimberlake starring in the new iPhone ads.

*Apple plans to make wireless payments possible with ApplePay.

*iPhone has replaced the point-and-shoot camera. Next up, the video camera.

*New iPhone 6 has capture slo-mo video at 120 fps or 240 fps.

*iPhone 6 has incredible advances in video. Starting with a new Apple-designed
video encoder.

We've made incredible advances in video. Starting with a new Apple-designed
video encoder.

*Burst mode detects smiles and blinks, then recommends the best picture.

*iPhone 6 is better at detecting faces near and far.The new ISP helps with both
shaky hands and low light.

*The A8 chip includes a powerful Apple-designed image signal processor.

*New software improvements help you take better pictures.

Faster autofocus, next-generation local tone mapping, and advanced noise
reduction. It's a mouthful that gives you a real eyeful.

*The iPhone 6 can judge distance and elevation, so you can get credit for
flights of stairs in all those fitness apps

*Focus Pixels are a technology previously found only in professional DSLR
cameras.

*With 802.11ac, iPhone 6 Wi-Fi speeds are up to three times faster than iPhone
5s.

*VoLTE for iPhone 6 is supported by some of the world's top carriers. And will
continue grow.

*iPhone 6 supports over 200 LTE carriers around the world. Including all three
in China.

*iPhone 6 has faster LTE than iPhone 5s. It also has more LTE bands than any
other smartphone for better roaming.

*iPhone 6 has a barometer that senses air pressure to measure relative
elevation.

*The M8 coprocessor continuously measures motion data from the accelerometer,
gyroscope, and compass.

*The barometer is great for fitness apps. iPhone can now tell if you're going up
molehills, mountains, and everything in between.

Other upgradations include 13-megapixel rear camera, bigger batteries - 1,810mAh
and 2,915mAh - and a new 128GB storage variant too. A complete list of expected
features can be viewed here. In addition to the iPhone 6, Apple is also rumored
to be unveiling the iWatch as well as the next-generation iPad Air. The event
kicks off at 10:30PM tonight.

Who's going to be there? Apple has invited top fashion editors and bloggers in
unprecedented numbers to its launch gala as it tries to forge closer ties to the
fashion world that may prove crucial to the success of a wearable device.

According to CompareMyMobile, today has seen a 97.12% spike in iPhone 4 16GB
trade-ins as owners rush to get the maximum money possible for the older model.
Trade-ins of the iPhone 5 16GB model has risen by 57.14 %, compared with a 35.29
% spike in 4S 16GB trade-ins.

The specifications of the iPhone 6, to be launched today, have reportedly been
leaked. The specification sheet reportedly leaked from Apple's supply chain from
product packaging confirms rumours that the 4.7 inch iPhone 6 will get 1,810m Ah
battery while the 5.5 inch model will come with 2GB RAM. The leaked
specification sheet says that the new iPhones will be available in three
colours: white, gold and space gray. It is also says that the sapphire glass
screen of the phone will not just be scratch resistant but also waterproof and
shatterproof.

\Apple is expected to release the new iPhone at a mystery event set to take
place at 10:30PM IST on Tuesday and will be live streamed on Apple's website. As
per Apple tradition, the event is shrouded in secrecy and speculations are rife
on what to expect. Rumours include the possible unveiling of  the iWatch and the
next generation model of the iPad Air. Apple may also release its latest
operating system, the iOS 8, on its new phone.

Japanese website Macotakara says the two models that Apple will launch today are
a 4.7 inch  iPhone 6 and a 5.5 inch iPhone 6 Plus. Last year, the website's
prediction of the models iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C had been accurate.

Tech website BGR has rounded up of the speculations and rumours regarding the
iPhone 6. Among the features expected is an upgraded processor, the A8
quad-core. Currently, the iPhone 5S has 1.3 GHz A7 dual-core processor. BGR
reports that the iPhone 6's A8 processor may also be accompanied by an M8
coprocessor codenamed 'Phosphorus'.

Watch the report here:

Leaked photos of the phones suggest that the new iPhone will have a have curved
edges and a thinner body, unlike the iPhones so far. The power button which is
usually on the top may be shifted to the right of the phone for easier access.

Rumours suggest that iPhone 6 will sport a 13 megapixel camera compared to the 8
megapixel that the current model has. Alternately, the camera may remain the
same with the added feature of "Super Resolution Mode", an optical image
stabilisation technology that captures multiple image samples to create a
high-density end photograph.

It is expected that a bigger phone will mean bigger batteries and longer battery
life that will last for more than a day. Reports suggest that the 4.7-inch
iPhone 6 may get a 1,810mAh battery, with the 5.5-inch model getting a 2,915mAh
battery. Currently, the iPhone 5S has a 1,560mAh battery.

A much talked about feature that is expected is the mobile wallet for which
Apple is said to have partnered with Master Card, Visa and American Express. An
alternative to using your credit card for making purchases, the feature will use
NFC with a TouchID sensor being used for the verification process.

The 4.7 inch model is expected to be available in markets by September 29.

Here's the full list of specifications for iPhone 6 as given by 9to5Mac:

4G LTE: all models

Sim: Nano-SIM

Announcement: Sept 9th

Release: Sept 19th

Dimensions: 137.5 x 67 x 7 mm (5.41 x 2.64 x 0.28 in)

Weight: 113 g (3.99 oz)

TouchID: 500 dpi pixel density fingerprint sensor (Touch ID on all models)

Display: LED-backlit IPS LCD, capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors

Size: 960 x 1704 pixels, 4.70 inches / 5.5 inches (~416 ppi pixel density)

Multitouch: Yes

Protection: Shatter proof sapphire crystal glass, oleophobic coating - water
resistant

Sound: Alert types Vibration, proprietary ringtones

Loudspeaker: Yes

3.5mm jack: Yes

Memory Card slot: No

Internal: 16/32/64/128 GB, 2 GB RAM

Data GPRS: Yes

EDGE: Yes

Speed: DC-HSDPA, 42 Mbps; HSDPA, 21 Mbps; HSUPA, 5.76 Mbps; LTE, Cat6, 300 Mbps
DL; EV-DO Rev. A, up to 3.1 Mbps

WLAN: Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi hotspot

Bluetooth: v4.0, A2DP

NFC: Yes

USB: v2.0

Camera: Primary 8 MP, 3264 x 2448 pixels, autofocus, dual-LED (dual tone) flash.
Features Simultaneous video and image recording, touch focus, geo-tagging, face
detection, HDR panorama, HDR photo

Video: 1080p@60fps (mailto:1080p@60fps)

Secondary: Yes

OS: iOS 8

Chipset: Apple A8

CPU: Dual-core 2 GHz

Sensors: Accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass

Messaging: iMessage, SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email

Browser: HTML (Safari)

Radio: No

GPS: Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS

Java: No

Colors: Space Gray, White/Silver, Gold

- Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic

- AirDrop file sharing

- Siri natural language commands and dictation

- iCloud cloud service

- iCloud Keychain

- Twitter and Facebook integration

- TV-out

- Maps

- iBooks PDF reader

- Audio/video player/editor

- Organizer

- Document viewer/editor

- Photo viewer/editor

- Voice memo/dial/command

- Predictive text input

Battery: Non-removable Li-Po 1,810mAh battery (6.91 Wh)

So, is it profitable to invest in Apple's stocks?

As the time for Apple's launch nears, the company is heading in a new direction
with a tech wearable and new iPhones may also make their debut.

As per statistics, three out of four times it's been profitable to invest in
Apple stock just before the company has made a product announcement, according
to a new chart from the folks at Statista.

Bernstein Research analyst Toni Sacconaghi estimated that, if Apple were to sell
30 million iWatches at $250 each, it would add about $7.5 billion to the
company's revenue.

Rival electronics giants such as Sony Corp (6758.T), Samsung Electronics Co Ltd
(005930.KS), LG Electronics Inc (066570.KS) and Qualcomm Inc (QCOM.O) have
already launched smartwatches, albeit without much success.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2014 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              155 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                             March 13, 2015 Friday

Smart Infinity unveils Purple GC packages

SECTION: Pg. S3/4

LENGTH: 338 words


SMART INFINITY, the premium brand of Smart Communications, Inc., encourages its
members to unleash their inner "shopaholics" as it launches new and exciting
gifts that come with its postpaid plans this February.

These shop-until-you-drop plans offer subscribers the best premium-brand perks
imaginable.

"Smart Infinity has always been about having our members enjoy the lifestyle
they want and deserve, hence our latest offerings featuring the Purple Card of
our partner Stores Specialists, Inc. (SSI)," said Julie Carceller, head of Smart
Infinity. She added, "If you subscribe to our plans today, you will receive a
generous amount of shopping GCs, a.k.a. Purple Cards, matched to your chosen
package and/or your iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus device."

For Aspire Plan 3500 members, they will receive Purple Cards worth P19,000,
while members availing of higher plans such as Prestige 5000 and Premium 8000
will receive Purple Cards valued as high as P35,000.

Purple Cards are accepted at all Stores Specialists, Inc. (SSI) shops, including
Anne Klein, A/X Armani Exchange, Debenhams, Calvin Klein, Charriol, DKNY, Jimmy
Choo, GAP, Kate Spade, Kenneth Cole New York, Lacoste, Marks & Spencer, Nine
West, and Zara, among others.

For those who want their iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus under Smart Infinity's
customer-priority and pampering services, Purple Cards are available in the
following amounts corresponding to specific iPhone plans: P10,000 when you avail
of Prestige Plan 5000 bundled with a free iPhone 6 (16gb); P5,000 for Prestige
Plan 5000 plus one iPhone 6 (64gb); P21,000 for every Premium 8000 plan with an
iPhone 6 (64gb); and P16,000 for every Premium 8000 plan with an iPhone 6
(128gb).

For iPhone 6 Plus offers, the Purple Card amounts will likewise be as follows:
P5,000 with Prestige Plan 5000 with free iPhone 6 Plus (16gb); P21,000 with
Premium Plan 8000 plus free iPhone 6 Plus (16gb); P16,000 with Premium Plan 8000
plus free iPhone 6 Plus (64gb); and P11,000 with Premium Plan 8000 plus a free
iPhone 6 Plus (128gb).

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              156 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                    September 10, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

iOS and Android war set to begin in October, with Apple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
launch on 17th Oct

LENGTH: 529  words


The Apple fanboys who are waiting to get hold of the Iphone 6 and Iphone 6 Plus
in India will be delighted to know that the phones will be available in India
from October 18.

The Cupertino announced the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus with 4.7-inch display and
5.5-inch display respectively, which will go up on pre-order on September 12 and
on sale in the US on September 19. However, the company's India website shows
that the new iPhones will come to India on October 17, almost a month after its
launch in the US. The website was first showing the launch date to be September
26, however later update it to October 17.

It's raining flagship Smartphones in October in India!

Apple has set the launch time for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus around the
festive time in India, but don't we also see Samsung Galaxy Note 4 and Note
Edge, Sony Xperia Z3, and Android One Smartphones to come out in India around
the same time!

It is around this time of the year that most of the companies bring their
high-end smartphones to the market in India, considering that it helps boosting
their sales. With this announcement being made by Apple, we expect Samsung to
launch its Galaxy Note 4 and Note Edge in India around the same time. Samsung
and Apple are Arch rivals, and Samsung will ensure that the company does give
Apple a tough competition in India by launching its phones prior to the Apple's
Iphone 6 Launch in India.

Moreover, Nokia is already planning to launch its affordable flagship Lumia 830
in October. It is around the same time that we might as well see Sony's flagship
Xperia Z3 launch in India.

Moreover, on the affordable side, Google will most likely announce the Android
One smartphones in India on the 15 of this month, however will bring it to the
market in the first half of October. With all of these products set for October
launch, the competition is going to go even more intense.

An expensive affair!

The company has not revealed any information on its pricing as yet. As far as
the price is concerned, Apple has priced the carrier-subsidized iPhone 6 16GB
variant for the $199, going up to $399 for the 128GB variant. The price of the
5.5-inch variant starts at $299 for the 16GB and goes up to $499 for the 128GB
variant. The prices for the unlocked version f the phones will start from $649
for the iPhone 6 and $749 for the iPhone 6 Plus.

A recap on specs

The iPhone 6 Plus flaunts a full HD (19201080 pixels) display while iPhone 6
comes with a 4.7-inch (1334750 pixels) display. As expected, both the phones are
powered by Apple's new A8 64-bit processor, coupled with an M8 coprocessor which
will take care of the fitness and health services.

These sport 8-megapixel rear iSight camera with 1.5 pixels, F/2.2 aperture,
optical image stablisation and true tone flash, and a 1.2-megapixel Facetime
camera at the front. On the memory front, the RAM is not clear, though these
will come in three variants including 16/64/128GB. On the connectivity front,
the new iPhones also support NFC, and up to 20 LTE bands, along with better
Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.0. Apple claims that the iPhone 6's battery can last 14
hours, while the iPhone 6 Plus battery can last over 24 hours.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              157 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Chennai Online

                         September 10, 2014 6:30 AM EST

Apple unveils bigger iPhones, Apple Watch & Apple Pay

LENGTH: 436  words


Apple Tuesday unveiled a new Apple Watch, touting it as a comprehensive health
and fitness device, a mobile wallet called Apple Pay and two bigger screen
versions of the iPhone, the 6 and the 6 Plus.

"What we didn't do was take the iPhone and shrink the user interface and strap
it on your wrist," said Chief Executive Tim Cook dressed in a purple, untucked
shirt at Apple's splashy launch event at Flint Centre in Cupertino, California.

"It's the most personal device we've ever created," he said of the new watch
with a traditional square watch face, calling it "a comprehensive health and
fitness device".

The Apple Watch pairs with the new iPhones to display notifications. It features
a magnetic charger, health and fitness apps and a crown that controls zoom and
scrolling with a twist. It also tells time.

Apple said it will sell three versions of the Apple Watch, including a sports
model and an 18 carat gold model called the "Apple Watch Edition".

The Apple Watch also comes in two sizes, one slightly smaller than the other.

Announcing its version of the mobile wallet Cook said: "We've created an
entirely new payment process, and we call it Apple Pay."

Apple Senior Vice President Eddy Cue described the basics of the payment method,
calling it "fast, secure and private". American Express, MasterCard and Visa are
on board, he noted.

"Today, we are launching the biggest advancement in the history of iPhone," Cook
said as executives unveiled the iPhone 6 in two versions. "They are without a
doubt the best iPhones we've ever done."

The iPhones have curved edges and bigger screens that measure 4.7 inches and 5.5
inches, up from just four inches on the iPhone 5S. The smaller one is 6.9 mm
thick and the 5.5-inch version is 7.1 mm thick.

Senior Vice President Phil Schiller said the battery would be equal to or better
than the iPhone 5s.

The larger iPhones have what Apple is calling "Retina HD" displays.

The iPhone 6 comes with more than 1 million pixels -- a third more pixels than
the iPhone 5S. The iPhone 6 Plus has 2 million pixels, double the iPhone 5S'
screen.

Both iPhones feature an 8 megapixel camera with a new sensor that Apple claims
will help the camera focus faster.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus feature Apple's new A8 processor, which is 25
percent faster than the iPhone 5S.

The M8 co-processor will allow fitness apps to tell the difference between
walking and biking and even measure your relative elevation.

Apple said iOS 8 will be available Sep 17 to customers who have an iPhone 4S,
iPhone 5, iPhone 5C or iPhone 5S. Both iPhones will be available Sep 19 in the
US and eight other countries.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


 Copyright 2014 Chennai Interactive Business Services (P) Ltd., distributed by
                                  Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              158 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Goulburn Post

                               September 25, 2014

New iPhone answers Goulburn's call

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 712  words


THE iPhone 6 was released to the world at 8am last Friday.

By 8.01am, the Telstra Business Centre had sold its first handset.

Customers have continued to pour-in since.

A larger screen, lighter weight and overall hype surrounding the Apple release
is enticing customers, the Business Centre's Danielle Coleman says.

'Since 8 o'clock Friday morning they've been selling well,' she said on Tuesday.

'The bigger screen is definitely a popular feature, plus people have got a
choice between the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. Customers are really pleased.'

Enhanced features in the new iPhone include a larger screen, improved camera,
faster text message response, increased RAM, greater wireless connectivity, a
built-in air pressure reader and a series of health apps.

Apple engineers have followed Samsung's lead and increased the screen size by
nearly 30 per cent on its 6 Plus model. The standard iPhone 6 screen is nearly
an inch wider that its predecessor.

The changes are welcome among iPhone buffs.

Customers filed through the doors of the Optus Shop in Centro Mall from the
moment staff opened for business on Friday.

'It's been pretty crazy,' a customer service consultant said.

'We sold out within an hourand- a-half on the first day. We've been getting
orders in since and selling out every time.'

She predicted iPhone 6 sales will remain high until at least Christmas.

The new iPhone release has captured interest beyond Goulburn.

More than 10 million of the devices have been snapped up since their September
19 worldwide release. Four million of those were sold within 24 hours of the
launch.

Those figures even stunned Apple's highest-ranking employee.

'Sales for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus exceeded our expectations for the launch
weekend, and we couldn't be happier,' CEO Tim Cook said.

The term iPhone 6 continues to trend on Twitter ' a week after its release. It's
also a hot topic on Facebook.

'I love it,' Georgia Winter wrote on the Goulburn Post's Facebook page.

'I'm not that into technology and having the latest gadgets but I absolutely
love my new iPhone,' added Madeline Flannery. 'It's just so fast. I previously
had an iPhone 4 and this new one is just no comparison.'

Craig Griffin wrote: 'It's a game changer. The 6 in my opinion is the sweet spot
of phone sizes, I thought the 6 Plus was a little too big making it somewhat
cumbersome.'

While popular among many, the new model has its shortcomings.

The size of the iPhone 6 Plus is of particular concern, Fairfax technology
writer Will Oremus says.

'There's no easy way to use the device with just one hand,' he wrote in his
review.

'Just typing in your pass code to unlock the 6 Plus requires either a second
hand or a feat of manual acrobatics. Reaching the top buttons on the home screen
' you know, trivial things like 'messages,' 'photos,' and 'camera' ' is out of
the question.'

The battery ' a facet that's drawn criticism in older iPhone models ' is also a
concern, Engadget.com's Brad Molen discovered.

'In our video-playback tests, the 6 lasted 10 hours and 19 minutes; that's
actually worse than the 5's results from last year' he explained.

'The iPhone 6 Plus, on the other hand, still had 14 per cent battery left when
the 6 died.'

The iPhone 6 remains on sale at the Telstra Business Centre and both the Telstra
and Optus shops in Centro Mall.

Harvey Norman doesn't have any of the new devices in stock, but hopes to obtain
some in the coming weeks.

A CONCERNED Goulburn Postis reluctant to get her hands on the iPhone six for
fear it may aid the spread of Ebola.

The claim is not completely absurd.

'Just read that they're apparently contaminated with the Ebola virus, don't know
how true it is but be careful as they manufacture the plastic for them in Sierra
Leone which is where the latest big breakout is,' the user wrote on the Goulburn
Post's Facebook page this week.

The reader's response was based on media reports that claimed the new iPhone
posed an Ebola risk for Australian consumers.

Those stories originally circulated from satire news site Daily Buzz Feed and
were soon circulated around the globe. Daily Buzz Feed has since made it clear
the reports were manufactured and held no truth.

Fear not Goulburn iPhone enthusiasts, Apple's newest device won't give you
Ebola.

A visit to Sierra Leone, however, may'

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              159 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Kerala IT News

                          October 8, 2014 6:30 AM EST

Redington India to offer iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus on Oct 17

BYLINE: Kerala IT News

LENGTH: 360  words


New Delhi: Redington India has announced it will offer iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus at leading retail outlets across India beginning October 17, 2014 at 12:01
am. Customers can pre-book both models at the leading retail outlets.

The iPhone 6 is priced at Rs. 53,500/- for the 16GB model, Rs. 62,500/- for 64GB
and Rs. 71,500/- for 128GB. The iPhone 6 Plus is priced at Rs. 62,500/- for the
16GB model, Rs. 71,500/- for 64GB and Rs. 80,500/- for 128GB.

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus features 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch Retina HD displays,
and are packed with innovative technologies in an all-new dramatically thin and
seamless design. The new iPhones feature a precision unibody enclosure of
anodized aluminum that conforms seamlessly with the shaped glass of the display,
resulting in a completely smooth and continuous surface.

Packed with innovative new technologies, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus include the
Apple-designed A8 chip with second generation 64-bit desktop-class architecture
for blazing fast performance and power efficiency; advanced iSightA and FaceTime
HD cameras; ultrafast wireless technologies; and Apple Paya, an easier way to
simply and securely make payments with just the touch of a finger. Both models
include iOS 8, the latest version of the world's most advanced mobile operating
system.

Redington provides end-to-end supply chain solutions for all categories of
Information Technology products (PCs, PC building blocks, networking, software
and enterprise solution products) and Consumer and Lifestyle products (Telecom,
Digital Lifestyle products, Entertainment products and Digital Printing
Machines) to over 100 international brands and relationship with major brands
have been for years.

With its corporate office in Chennai, it has 56 Sales locations, 70 owned
service centres and 292 partner service centres across India. In addition,
through its subsidiaries both in India and overseas, Redington has 78 Sales
offices, 104 warehouses and 109 own service centres and 310 partner centres. A
team comprising of over 2200 highly skilled and committed professionals helps
the Company deliver its products and services to every corner of the country.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 Sourcing Partners, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              160 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                           October 29, 2014 Wednesday

Ooredoo to offer Apple's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in Oman

BYLINE: Staff Reporter

LENGTH: 234 words


Muscat: Ooredoo on Wednesday announced it will offer the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus, the biggest advancements in iPhone history, beginning on November 13, a
statement from Ooredoo said.



Customers can pre-order the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus from Friday November 7 at
www.ooredoo.om/iphone6.

Even as iPhone's 6 series models are not sold by Apple's authorized stores in
Oman, it is available in other local shops who have purchased it from United
Arab Emirates and other countries.

In local stores, the iPhone 6 16GB will cost OMR325, 64GB will cost OMR410 and
128GB will cost OMR430.

Meanwhile, iPhone 6 Plus 16GB will cost OMR350 and 64GB will cost OMR440.

In September, Apple's online store crashed under the weight of demand from eager
customers hoping to pre-order one of the new iPhone 6 models during its launch.

The company had announced it would make pre-orders, but in minutes it had begun
displaying "We'll be back" messages in several languages.

Twitter users reported problems with sites around the world before services
appeared to have been restored after 30 minutes.

According to Apple's official website, the price of iPhone 6 16GB is $199 for US
customers while the iPhone 6 Plus 16GB will be at $299 with a two-year contract.


Omani Qatari Telecommunications Company SAOG ("Ooredoo") was founded and
registered in the Sultanate of Oman in December 2004. Muscat Press and
Publishing House SAOC 2014

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2014 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              161 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

Biggest Apple Larger screen drives record iPhone sales

BYLINE: BY ROBERT DOMINGUEZ NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 262 words


Size did indeed matter for iPhone fanatics.

Apple broke its record for an iPhone launch, selling more than 10 million of the
larger-screen iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models combined in the three days since they
went on sale Friday.

Apple CEO Tim Cook on Monday called it "the best launch ever," crowing that the
iPhone 6's debut weekend in 10 countries ended up "shattering all previous
sell-through records by a large margin."

By comparison, Apple sold a combined 9 million of the iPhone 5s and less
expensive 5c last year - but that figure included sales in China, the largest
smartphone market in the world, where regulatory issues have so far delayed the
introduction of the iPhone 6.

Demand for the new devices outstripped supply at many Apple retail locations and
phone carrier stores across the U.S. - especially the iPhone 6 Plus, its 5½-inch
screen making it the larger of the two new gadgets.

Apple last week warned that some consumers who preordered online would face
delays of up to four weeks on the 6 Plus, and up to 10 days on the 6.

"We could have sold many more iPhones with greater supply and we are working
hard to fill orders as quickly as possible," Cook said Monday.

Last weekend's sales were double the iPhone 5's 5 million inaugural sales in
2012, the last time an iPhone underwent a design change.

Apple previously sold 4 million of the iPhone 4s and 1.7 million iPhone 4
handsets during their weekend kickoffs.

The iPhone 6 rollout resumes Friday in more than 20 countries, and will be
available in 155 countries by year's end.

Graphic: AMOUNT SOLD ON DEBUT WEEKEND

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC;CHART, Apple stores throughout the city were mobbed last
weekend for sale of iPhone 6.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Daily News, L.P.


                              162 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                           October 16, 2014 Thursday

Apple gets 25,000 pre-orders for iPhone 6;
Co to debut marquee models tomorrow in India as retailers entice buyers with
offers of down payment as low as Rs2,000

BYLINE: dna correspondent

LENGTH: 475  words


Co to debut marquee models tomorrow in India as retailers entice buyers with
offers of down payment as low as Rs2,000

New Delhi: 'i'Fans can finally rejoice - the iPhone 6, Apple's bigger, better,
thinner new offering, will hit the shops in India tomorrow - a little more than
a month after it was unveiled at the Apple headquarters in Cupertino, US on
September 9.

Pre-orders, say distributors and retailers, have been unprecedented, numbering
more than 25,000 pieces. Apple, which has stepped up its retail distribution in
India this year, has offered pre-booking of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus through
its network of stores and multi-brand chains such as Reliance Digital and Croma,
and online on Infibeam. Buyers are also being enticed with EMIs as low as Rs
2,000. In China, in contrast, pre-orders reached 1 million in the first six
hours.

This is also the first time that Apple will have midnight sales of its new
launch, a global practice and retailers are pulling out all stops to ensure it
goes off smoothly and everyone who pre-booked an iPhone 6/iPhone 6 Plus gets
their hand on it on day one itself.

At Infibeam, for instance, all the senior managers and even the company CEO have
been drafted to deliver the new phones which have been ordered from tier II
towns like Gorakhpur, Patna and even Hudhud-hit Vishakhapatnam, says Shekhar
Singh, manager corporate communications.

"There is huge anticipation about the new iPhone," says Manish Bhandari, manager
at the Imagine store, a premium Apple retailer, at New Delhi's Select Citywalk
mall.

"Many of our customers have booked the phone with us by paying Rs 10,000 and a
few other stores just to ensure that they get the iPhone 6 on the first day
itself." The store, says Bhandari, is asking the mall management to permit it to
remain open until 2 in the morning.

Globally, iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, which went on sale on September 19, sold 10
million units within three days - better than the 9 million iPhone 5s/5c phones
the company sold on the first weekend of their launch, says Neil Shah, analyst
at technology market research firm Counterpoint. However, Shah believes that the
iPhone hype is greater among the business and media than with customers where it
remains concentrated in urban pockets.

Interestingly, says Shah, Apple is launching the iPhone 6/6 Plus in September to
ride the Diwali festive season where Indians are more inclined to make big
purchases. The last launch of the iPhone 5 came in December. However, the iPhone
6 and 6 plus come at a higher premium in India than they do in the US.

Compared to the Rs 53,500-Rs 80,500 price range for the iPhone 6/6 Plus in
India, in the US, it is available for much less at between $199 (when bundled
with a carrier) and $949. Apple has sold 1 million iPhones in India in the last
fiscal year.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2014 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              163 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   SME Times

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Apple unveils bigger iPhones, Apple Watch & Apple Pay

LENGTH: 473 words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 10 -- Apple Tuesday unveiled a new Apple Watch, touting it as a
comprehensive health and fitness device, a mobile wallet called Apple Pay and
two bigger screen versions of the iPhone, the 6 and the 6 Plus.

"What we didn't do was take the iPhone and shrink the user interface and strap
it on your wrist," said Chief Executive Tim Cook dressed in a purple, untucked
shirt at Applea??s splashy launch event at Flint Centre in Cupertino,
California.

a??It's the most personal device we've ever created," he said of the new watch
with a traditional square watch face, calling it "a comprehensive health and
fitness device".

The Apple Watch pairs with the new iPhones to display notifications. It features
a magnetic charger, health and fitness apps and a crown that controls zoom and
scrolling with a twist. It also tells time.

Apple said it will sell three versions of the Apple Watch, including a sports
model and an 18 carat gold model called the "Apple Watch Edition".

The Apple Watch also comes in two sizes, one slightly smaller than the other.

Announcing its version of the mobile wallet Cook said: "We've created an
entirely new payment process, and we call it Apple Pay."

Apple Senior Vice President Eddy Cue described the basics of the payment method,
calling it "fast, secure and private". American Express, MasterCard and Visa are
on board, he noted.

"Today, we are launching the biggest advancement in the history of iPhone," Cook
said as executives unveiled the iPhone 6 in two versions. "They are without a
doubt the best iPhones we've ever done."

The iPhones have curved edges and bigger screens that measure 4.7 inches and 5.5
inches, up from just four inches on the iPhone 5S. The smaller one is 6.9 mm
thick and the 5.5-inch version is 7.1 mm thick.

Senior Vice President Phil Schiller said the battery would be equal to or better
than the iPhone 5s.

The larger iPhones have what Apple is calling "Retina HD" displays.

The iPhone 6 comes with more than 1 million pixels -- a third more pixels than
the iPhone 5S. The iPhone 6 Plus has 2 million pixels, double the iPhone 5S'
screen.

Both iPhones feature an 8 megapixel camera with a new sensor that Apple claims
will help the camera focus faster.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus feature Apple's new A8 processor, which is 25
percent faster than the iPhone 5S.

The M8 co-processor will allow fitness apps to tell the difference between
walking and biking and even measure your relative elevation.

Apple said iOS 8 will be available Sep 17 to customers who have an iPhone 4S,
iPhone 5, iPhone 5C or iPhone 5S. Both iPhones will be available Sep 19 in the
US and eight other countries.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from SME Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                         Copyright 2014 tradeindia.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              164 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                            October 11, 2013, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending Oct. 11;
Phabulous phablet, slightly arched, launch date(s)

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1815 words


Unsubstantiated opinions about the size of iPhone 6 were transmogrified into
"solid reports" by iOSpherians who thinkrumors are information.

Several analysts this week offered their opinion that iPhone 6 will have a
bigger-than-4-inch screen, with three or four or more estimates of what "bigger"
would mean. Predictably, the iOSphere seized on the opinions as proof that this
is indeed what Apple plans to do.

Also this week, expectations of slightly arched iPhone 6 screens, and
apparently, matching batteries; and definite agreement on when iPhone 6 will be
announced: in March 2014, or by June, or next September. Sometime.

[LOOK BACK: 5 years ago they said the iPhone would flop] You read it here
second.

__________ "[I]t's hard to ignore the fact that just about every iPhone 6 rumor
has pointed to a larger display."

~ Adam Mills, at GottaBeMobile, who himself blithely ignores 1) all the previous
rumors that the iPhone 5S also would have a larger screen and 2) the basis of
the current rumors, which at present is almost non-existent.

_________ iPhone 6 will have a phabulous phablet fat display Supply chain gossip
is the basis for a new and, to some, convincing spate of rumors that Apple
finally at last hallelujah will introduce one or two new iPhone models with
bigger-than-4-inch displays in 2014, and BGR's Zach Epstein is all in.

In a post on Monday, Epstein referenced a research note, also known as an
"opinion," by Peter Misek, an analyst with Jefferies & Co.

Here's what Epstein quoted: "Despite still seeing risk to CQ4 and FY13 revs, we
now believe better [gross margins] will allow Apple to skate by until iPhone 6
launches with its 4.8? screen. We est ~50% of smartphone shipments have >4?
screens and that iPhone 6 will catalyze a large upgrade cycle."

In other words, "I think Apple will announce a 4.8-inch iPhone and sell a ton of
'em." According to Epstein, Misek's latest opinion "adds fuel to earlier reports
from The Wall Street Journal and plugged-in KGI Securities analyst Ming-chi Kuo"
about the bigger-screened iPhone.

But there's more. "Now, just one day later, another solid report suggests
Apple's next flagship iPhone will indeed feature a bigger display," Epstein
rather breathlessly reveals in a second post.

The solid report is actually a rather sketchy blog post by David Hsieh, an
analyst with DisplaySearch, a firm that tracks display vendors and technology.

Hsieh's basic point is that Apple once led in mobile displays, but today rivals
offer phones and tablets that have more advanced display technology. Here's what
he says: "...rapid developments in technology and manufacturing of LCD and OLED
displays have challenged Apple's leadership in display adoption. Apple is no
longer able to offer unique features in its displays as a long-term
differentiator..... Introduction of the iPhone 5S and 5C was the latest example
that Apple has been slow in adopting the latest display technologies. While 5-6"
FHD [full HD, at 1920 x 1080] resolution displays are rapidly growing in the
smart phone market, the iPhone has stayed with the 4" 1136×640 screen for over a
year and a half."

Another way of phrasing that might be: some iPhone rivals have better display
specifications. But a lack of "unique features" doesn't mean that the iPhone 5S
is inferior display-wise. In his review of the iPhone 5S and 5C, AnandTech's
Anand Lal Shimpi compared a clutch of display benchmarks.  "The 5s' display
remains excellent and well calibrated from the factory," he writes.

"In an unusual turn of events, my iPhone 5c sample came with an even better
calibrated display than my 5s sample."

So according to Shimpi, the 18-month old display technology that Hseih and
Epstein find problematic "remains excellent." A smartphone's touchscreen is a
mass of trade-offs. Apple has emphasized balancing power efficiency, its Retina
Display, and a variety of steps - most of them invisible to end users -- to
optimize, manage, and sustain color accuracy, clear text, and crisp images ...
regardless of the raw specifications. Apple still isn't using quad-core
processors in its mobile devices, yet there's no tidal wave of criticism that
because Apple has been "slow in adopting" a quad-core architecture that it can't
differentiate itself from Samsung and others.

Hsieh's post is being widely misinterpreted as a "report" based on supply chain
interviews. Here's what he actually says: "Based on supply chain research, we
believe Apple is planning to revamp nearly all of the displays in its products
over the next year." That means Apple will introduce in 2014 display innovations
that is has been working on for the past two to four years.

One of the innovations might be a larger display, but Hsieh presents that as
"speculation" not as information from the supply chain. "This would indicate
that Apple, once again, intends to count on display technology for new product
innovation," Hsieh continues. "We can speculate about Apple's new products as
follows..."

What follows is a table that spells out Hsieh's speculation. The table lists "
iPhone 6" under "New product" and has this: 4.7" 1280×720; 5.7" 1920×1080.
Apparently, Hsieh's further speculation is that these models will be released by
June 2014, or six to eight months after the 5S and 5C releases. Hsieh's table
raises more questions than it answers, such as "is it possible to even imagine
an iPhone with a 5.7-inch display?"

Hsieh also doesn't address the question of whether these are intended to replace
the newest iPhones or to extend the portfolio - creating at least four iPhone
models, distinguished in part by screen size. That would certainly be a huge
shift in Apple's smartphone strategy.

Hsieh also doesn't deal with some of the technology options that Apple can use,
or what the tradeoffs are of using them. He alluded to some of these in a
January 2013 post, "Is Apple Changing its Mind on Touch Panel Structures?"
although most of that post focused on which vendors Apple might choose, rather
than their respective technologies.

"[I]t's hard to ignore the fact that just about every iPhone 6 rumor has pointed
to a larger display," writes Adam Mills, at GottaBeMobile, himself blithely
ignoring 1) the previous rumors that the iPhone 5S would have a larger screen
and 2) the basis of the current rumors, which at present is almost non-existent.

It's worth revisiting this mid-August 2013 blog post, "So where's the 5-inch
iPhone?" by Rene Ritchie, editor-in-chief of iMore, who examines and compares
pundits' assumptions about big phones with Apple's.

iPhone 6 the Phablet will have "slightly arched" display and battery from LG
"That the iPhone 6 is of different form-factor from previous builds takes a more
solid form as Apple is reportedly working with South Korea's LG in building the
first iOS phablet," Erik Pineda reveals in a post that's a minor masterpiece of
patchwork rumoring.

In for a penny, in for a pound: Without a shred of evidence other than an
equally confused blog post at another website, Pineda assures readers that "The
two companies are likely to collaborate in coming up with a radically redesigned
iPhone 6 towards its rumoured release date in the first half of 2014, reports
said."

And what does "radically" mean? "Specifically, LG is lending its expertise to
Apple in the area of bendable display panel and batteries that are slightly
arched - two manufacturing capabilities that the Asian firm has recently
unveiled," Pineda says.

"Slightly arched" display panel and batteries. How awesome is that?

This revelation comes via PatentlyApple where Jack Purcher dispenses with the
usual fare of summarizing Apple patent applications and, with no links or
references, tells his readers that "Today we learned that Apple has willing
partners in both LG Display and LG Chem that are ready to assist them should
they decide to revamp their current handset designs and/or introduce a new
curvaceous wearable computer in the months or years ahead."

The original story was by KoreaTimes, posted in English at that news site,
explaining that LG is now mass producing flexible batteries in stepped, curved,
and an intriguing cable form factor.) What this really means is that two LG
business units have produced different products - flexible or at least curved
displays and curved batteries - that they'll try to sell to a wide variety of
other companies, which possibly could maybe perhaps at some point include Apple.
An LG spokesman wasn't very helpful, "refusing to name its potential clients for
the batteries."

So the only thing connecting these two technological "advances" with the iPhone
6 is the fact that these two LG units currently sell some components for Apple.

"LG Display is the primary display supplier for Apple," Purcher assures readers.
"LG Chem is also selling its small-sized batteries for the iPhone as well as
leading vendors for smartphones and PCs."

But it's not clear that LG Display is the "primary" supplier. In August 2013,
CNET summarized an NPD DisplaySearch report that noted "Samsung supplied more
9.7-inch panels to Apple than LG Display (LGD) in April and June." And the
iFixit teardown of a gold and a gray iPhone 5S found batteries from two
different makers, neither of which was LG Chem: Desay Battery Co.

and Simplo Technology.

 iPhone 6 will be announced in Q1 2014. Or Q2. Or maybe next fall Peter Misek's
opinion to investors also triggered a wave of posts about the iPhone 6 release
date. Misek was pretty specific, according to Forbes' Connie Guglielmo.

"We think the 85 million iPhones eligible for an upgrade when the iPhone 6
launches (we think Apple is targeting Sept. 2014) could be boosted by another 5
to 10 million from people who skipped the 5s/5c cycle," Misek reasoned.

That's reasonable reasoning. The iPhone 5S was announced in September 2013. So,
12 months later would be, indeed, September 2014. Q.E.D.

But it's never that simple. As previously noted, an NPD DisplaySearch analyst
thinks iPhone 6 will be announced either in the January-March 2014 period, or
the April-June period.

Angelina Bouc, writing at the Las Vegas Guardian Express, covered a wide swath:
"Rumors suggest the release date could be in the fall of 2014, further yet are
unnamed sources stating Apple may look to surprise competitors and launch late
spring/early summer of 2014."

Paul Shea at ValueWalk is so convinced of the of the June 2014 date - which is
nine months from the iPhone 5S/5C release - that he concludes, "If the iPhone 6
release date is that soon consumers should wait" nine months for the Next iPhone
to savor it's improved specifications.

But why rush? If you wait 18 months, you'll get even more improved
specifications with the iPhone 6S. And if you wait two years, just think of the
specification bliss of the iPhone 7!

John Coxcovers wireless networking and mobile computing for "Network World."

Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnww Email: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              165 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           October 18, 2014 Saturday

Fans out in full force to welcome Apple's latest

BYLINE: Eric Jou

LENGTH: 724  words


After a month of waiting, US tech giant Apple Inc' latest iPhones have finally
arrived on the Chinese mainland.

Customers who had placed online orders for the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus waiting
in line outside the Apple store in Sanlitun, Beijing on Oct 17. [Photo provided
to China Daily]

After a month of waiting, US tech giant Apple Inc' latest iPhones have finally
arrived on the Chinese mainland.

Originally released in the US and other select markets in late September, the
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus mark the fourth official iPhone release on the mainland
since the iPhone 4.

On Friday morning, around 100 excited Apple aficionados were queuing outside the
company's flagship Beijing store in Sanlitun as its doors opened. Most had
ordered online and were there in person to enjoy the handover.

"I came all the way from Shijiazhuang (in Hebei province, around 260 km
southwest of Beijing) to pick up the phone," said one retailer surnamed Song.

"I bought an iPhone 6 and a 6 Plus. They are gifts to my wife. I got two, so she
can choose."

Chinese media reports said there had been customers waiting in line overnight in
Taiyuan, Shanxi province, and China News Service said many eager customers had
been seen waiting outside China United Network Communications Group Co Ltd
(China Unicom) stores across the country for the midnight release of the iPhone.

China Unicom even posted images of people waiting through the night on their
official Sina Weibo, the Twitter-like micro-blogging service.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus sold over 10 million units in their first weekend sale
in September.

Describing himself as an Apple "super fan", Liu Yi has queued up for every
first-day iPhone release since the product was launched in China.

He arrived at the Sanlitun store at around 7:50 am, but despite others being
ahead of him in the queue they had not registered and he was rewarded with being
the first buyer in the area to receive an iPhone 6.

"I come to the stores on launch day because I enjoy the festive atmosphere," he
said.

A recent graduate surnamed Tong, who was also at the scene but not in line, said
he was there just to enjoy the party atmosphere.

"I am here to join in the fun," said Tong, admitting that the only Apple product
he owns is a second-generation iPad.

"I have been a fan of Apple products for a long time and I frequently visit the
store[#xff0d]I just like the feel of the place."

Friday's Beijing launch was certainly a smoother and better affair than previous
years. During the launch of the iPhone 4s in 2012, for instance, fighting broke
out among scalpers and customers due to the high demand for the iPhone.

Despite launching a month later on the mainland, and the smaller crowds waiting
outside its stores than previous years, Canalys analyst Wang Jingwen said Apple
products are still as popular as ever in China.

Apple unveils iPad Air 2 with Touch ID to secure Apple pay
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus launched in China

"Consumers have learned different ways to purchase their Apple products, from
ordering online to ordering from retailers and carriers," said Wang. "Apple has
also put out information on where consumers can buy their iPhones."

Film industry worker Wang Kelu had ordered three iPhones online and arrived,
like many others, on Friday morning to pick them up in person.

"I also came to buy phones for my friends. I wanted other iPhone 6 Pluses, but
they didn't have any left so I guess I'll come back again tomorrow."

Apple's Friday launch came hot on the heels of a company product announcement on
Thursday in California which revealed new upgrades for the iPad Mini 3, iPad Air
2 and OSX Yosemite, as well as a software update for the Mac operating system.

Wang said that the arrival of the iPhone 6 Plus may hit iPad sales, given the
former's screen size is already close in size to a small tablet.

"Right now there are a lot of what we call phablets on the market in China, made
by domestic and foreign companies, such as Samsung and LG," said Wang.

"At 5.5 inches, the 6 Plus might turn away consumers from new tablet devices,
not just in China but everywhere."

"That said, right now there really isn't a competitor on the market to match the
iPhone 6 Plus."

Prices for the iPhone 6 start at 5,288 yuan ($860), and for the iPhone 6 Plus at
6,088 yuan.

Apple unveils iPad Air 2 with Touch ID to secure Apple pay
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus launched in China

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              166 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

BRIEF: iPhone 6 released today in Erie

BYLINE: Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 154 words


Sept. 19--Retailers in Erie opened their doors to customers eager to purchase
the iPhone 6 this morning.

"We've been busy since we opened our doors at 9 a.m.," said Steve Bullis, store
manager of Verizon Wireless at 5043 Peach St.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which were announced Sept. 9, are slimmer than
previous versions, but have bigger displays. Where the iPhone 5 was 7.6 mm wide,
the iPhone 6 Plus is 7.1 mm wide and the iPhone 6 is 6.9 mm wide.

"We have a limited supply in store today and we had a chunk of ones that
customers ordered today as well," Bullis said. "Customers can come in today and
order a phone. The sooner they get here, the sooner the phone will ship."

The iPhone 6 pricing starts at $199 and the iPhone 6 Plus starts at $299.

Return to GoErie.com for updates.

___ (c)2014 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140919-EI-BRF-iPhone-6-released-today-in-Erie-0919-20140919

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2014 Erie Times-News


                              167 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             October 3, 2014 Friday
                                 First Edition

Pluses and minuses of the iPhone 6

BYLINE: John Davidson

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 844 words


I'll be glad when this review is over so I can go back to wearing clothes more
befitting a man of my situation.

By which I mean, I won't have to wear the tight, tight jeans I have on as I sit
here writing to you in some considerable discomfort - jeans I dredged up from
deep storage, which have turned out to be a necessary (if evil) part of the
scientific apparatus required for our review of the iPhone 6 Plus.

You've probably seen people complaining the big-screen iPhone 6 Plus has a habit
of bending out of shape when left too long in the front pocket of trousers.

Though, arguably, they're being bent into shape, not out of it. LG, Google and
others have all made a virtue out of smartphones bent like a banana - they curve
to fit your face, your derriÃ¨re etc - so it might well be that having your
iPhone 6 Plus bend on you is an outcome only to be desired. It's not as if they
stop working when they bend.

In any case, I've been carrying one around in the front pocket of my tight jeans
for a couple of days now, in the hope of reproducing the bend for purposes of
this review. I've been wearing my size-too-small jeans when sitting at my desk
(as I am now), while walking around town, while watching sport at the pub and,
most tellingly, while riding my motorbike for hours on end. If anything is going
to bend out of/into shape in your front jeans pocket it's when you're on a
motorcycle but, alas, no dice. The iPhone 6 Plus just won't bend for me.

Which is a pity, because it might actually have been the most novel feature of
the phone. The 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus isn't exactly one of those
all-too-prevalent devices that fails to take any advantage whatsoever of its
larger size - as I'll get into in a moment, it does have some nice, tablet-like
tweaks to its app layout that work well on its big screen - but it's not in the
same league as, say, Samsung's Note 4 or BlackBerry's new Passport when it comes
to providing you with more than just a bigger screen. There's no big novelty
feature such as a stylus or gigantic physical keyboard: just a bigger screen, an
improved camera and a better battery life compared with the iPhone 6.

That last feature is not to be underestimated, though, and on its own could be
reason enough to get a 6 Plus rather than just a 6, provided your pockets are
deep enough. (In both senses. The iPhone 6 Plus is 37 per cent bulkier than the
iPhone 6 and about $130 more.)Charging ahead

The battery life on the 6 Plus is up there with any phone we've reviewed. Using
it fairly heavily, I typically got about 1.5 to two days' usage per charge.
Using the phone only sparingly, I got almost four days' usage before I could no
longer resist the temptation to put it on the charger. (It possibly would have
lasted another day, but it was getting ridiculous.) That's a huge improvement on
any recent iPhone, including on the regular iPhone 6, which still doesn't quite
make it through a day of moderately heavy usage.

The on-screen keyboard on the 6 Plus is much improved, too, compared both with
the ordinary iPhone 6 and previous iPhones, in particular. Rather than just
making the keys bigger, Apple has added much-needed extra keys to the edges of
its default keyboard, including some handy navigation and cut-and-paste keys,
which do improve the utility of the phone.

(Apple has also added a nice feature that lets you replace the default keyboard
with third-party keyboards such as SwiftKey, overcoming one of the major
productivity advantages Android phones have had over iPhones. Android phones
have been able to use SwiftKey and Swype for years. That new feature works on
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, as well as older phones upgraded to the new iPhone
operating system, iOS 8.) However, it's worth pointing out the extra keys on the
default iPhone 6 Plus keyboard only appear on apps that have been rewritten to
cope with the bigger screen. At the moment, most third-party apps simply scale
their screens up to fit the 1920x1080 pixel display, meaning there's no
advantage to having the bigger screen other than pure bigness.

The same goes for the enhanced landscape layout on the iPhone 6 Plus, which is
one of its nicest size-specific features. Certain apps, such as Apple's own
email client, go into a tablet-like, two-panel mode when you hold the iPhone 6
Plus sideways, and they're terribly nice to use. Email, for instance, gives you
an extra message preview panel in landscape mode, making great use of the extra
screen real estate. But most third-party apps we tested have yet to take
advantage of the new landscape mode, and we can only hope that the iPhone 6 Plus
sells in quantities sufficient to encourage app developers to make the upgrade.

I think it will. The battery life alone makes the 6 Plus worth considering
instead of an iPhone 6. If it turns out it moulds itself to your body shape over
time, well all the more reason, no?

I'm taking my pants off now.

iPhone 6 Likes Long battery life, nice use of landscape mode Dislikes Phone is
larger than the screen size requires Price $999/$1129/$1249 for 16/64/128 GB
models

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              168 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                             July 19, 2013, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending July 19;
Autumn splendor, iPhone cheap, September 6, and preventing delay

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 2106 words


As the fall crawls closer, the iOSphere is obsessed with pinning down the exact
date of the iPhone 6 announcement, whichis a problem akin to knowing the exact
location of an electron at any given instance.

The quality of date speculation varies widely, most of it no more than a cursory
gloss on Apple CEO Tim Cook's statement that new products would be announced
"beginning in the fall." So stock analysts solemnly assured us that mass
production of the Next iPhone will start, like, soon. And one blogger has
through the exercise of naked reason deduced that iPhone 6 will be announced on
one of two days in September.

Also this week: Production of the iPhone cheap has already begun though it
appears to lack any rational basis for its existence; and Apple prevented a
delay in releasing the iPhone 6 by buying a chip plant, even though there's no
evidence that iPhone 6 is or might be delayed.

You read it here second.

__________ "The iPhone 6 release date delay has been prevented as Apple bought
its own chip maker to produce parts for the device."

~ Tony Crammond, TheFullSignal.com, revealing the heretofore unknown threatened
"delay" of the iPhone 6, without bothering to explain how the
as-yet-unsubstantiated purchase would un-delay it.__________ iPhone 5S starts
mass production at end of July, for autumn unveiling The obsession with knowing
the precise moment when a klaxon blares at a gigantic Foxconn assembly plant in
Taiwan, signaling the start of mass production for the Next iPhone, continues.

In part, because it feeds the obsession with the precise date on which the Next
iPhone will be announced.

This week's contribution is from Jeffries Group stock analyst Peter Misek, whose
most recent Note To Investors says the klaxon will sound at the end of July,
according to Jay Yarrow's post at BusinessInsider.  "[Misek] says the new iPhone
is likely to be released in either late September or early October," Yarrow
writes.

In other words ... sometime during an almost five-week period in, yes, the fall.

But Misek doesn't seem too certain, because according to Yarrow, he only
"believes" mass production will start by month's end; and that the Next iPhone
is only "likely"  to be announced in September or October.

This doesn't exactly Advance the Field of iPhoneology. We actually know no more
today about the announcement date than a reasonably intelligent person could
have surmised about it the day after Apple announced iPhone 5S in September 2012

 - that it is indeed likely that the Next iPhone will be announced in September
or October 2013, and that therefore large-scale manufacturing will start
sometime in the summer of 2013.

iPhone cheap has already started production....though why it has is another
matter In the same BusinessInsider post, analyst Misek also claims, according to
Yarrow, that "Apple has already begun production of its lower-cost iPhone."

Yarrow writes that Misek "believes [it] will sell for $300-$400, without a
subsidy."

Here's the key point: "At that price, it's more a mid-tier phone, and 'it will
not be competitive in emerging markets,' according to Misek."

Which is a remarkable statement. The iOSphere's Rumor Consensus has been, for
months if not years, that Apple should or must create a cheap iPhone model.
Because it must compete with the flood of cheap Android phones, especially in
emerging markets such as China and India and Brazil, where there is the
potential for huge unit sales.

So what is the point of Apple introducing a cheap iPhone to compete with cheap
Android phones, if it won't actually, you know, compete with them?

Apple doesn't break out sales of the older, discounted iPhone models. But they
offer an extremely viable lower-cost alternative to the flagship iPhone 5, which
itself is such a good product that there's no reason why it shouldn't continue
to sell well in the mid-tier market after the release of the Next iPhone.

Neither Misek nor Yarrow actually make a case for how Apple would benefit by
introducing a cheaper iPhone model - segmenting different classes of buyers for
different products -- since the lower-end of any market has not been a focus for
Apple. Apple partially segmented the tablet space with the iPad mini, but it
markets the mini (and it's apparently bought) not as a "lower-cost iPad," but as
a "smaller iPad" that happens to have a lower price tag.

The iPhone is a handheld computer that also makes phone calls. So far, Apple
hasn't seen any compelling need to change the physical design or character of
the phone, its capabilities, or the user experience for buyers whose primary
purchase criteria is paying a minimum price for such a device.

iPhone 6 will be announced on September 6...no, wait! September 10!

Who says? Apple, apparently.

"Apple is strongly hinting that the release date for the iPad 5, iPad mini 2 and
iPhone 6 is coming on or shortly after September 6th," according to Phil Moore,
in a post at StableyTimes ("a new kind of news").  Doubtless this will come as a
surprise to many. But Moore has discerned Apple's strong hinting behind various
actions that remain otherwise opaque to those of lesser insight.

The first strong hint is that Apple is "offering a promo to college students
which gives them a fifty dollar iTunes gift card with the purchase of an iPad or
iPhone until that date." (Details of the back-to-school offer, which is focused
as much or more on the Mac as on iOS devices, are on Apple's website.)
According to Moore, similar Apple promotions in the past have "typically ended
up coinciding with the launch of new generations of whichever of its mobile
products were included in the deal. The offer is a way of blowing out remaining
inventory of the new models in the interim."

The surface plausibility of this reasoning just doesn't bear up. You would have
to place an inordinate value on a $50 gift certificate for music or videos to
consider it worthwhile to invest, at Apple's website, a minimum of $199 for the
16GB iPhone 5 model with a two-year contract, and then factoring in the cost of
the contract itself. Spending $200+ to get $50 isn't usually considered a
bargain, especially when you can't use the $50 as a discount for the $200. This
promotion isn't, by itself, going to "blow out" the current inventory of iPhone
5 units.

It makes more sense as one part of an overall move by Apple and its retail
partners to make iPhone 5 a more compelling value for buyers during the
June-August quarter, which has traditionally been softer for iPhone sales as at
least some buyers hold off on a purchase in anticipation of the Next iPhone
sometime in the autumn. And with this back-to-school offer, Apple offers its
special "education pricing" for products, for qualified buyers.

But Moore doesn't stop there. "The week of September 6th starts off with the
Labor Day holiday, making it unlikely Apple will unveil the new iPad 5, iPad
mini 2 and iPhone 6 during that week, but will instead allow the college offer
to expire on the 6th and then introduce the new models the following Tuesday,
September 10th," he says, contradicting his initial assertion, and headline,
that Apple would announce the iPhone 6 "on Sept 6th."

The phony precision is a hallmark of the pseudo-reasoning prevalent in the
iOSphere. Moore makes it sound as if some Deep Truth has been revealed when he
observers that it's unlikely Apple will announce the iPhone on a major holiday
weekend. But what company ever makes major product introductions on a major
holiday weekend?

Moore's speculation, and it's nothing more than that, is completely unfounded,
as is so much other speculation about The Date.

It's likely that Apple will announce the Next iPhone in September simply because
it usually announces new products about a year after the current model. Whether
that happens on September 6 or 10 or 17 or 24 or some other date is pretty much
irrelevant.

"iPhone 6 release date delay prevented" That's the astonishing headline for a
post by Tony Crammond at a Website called TheFullSignal.

He gets right to the point.

"The iPhone 6 release date delay has been prevented as Apple bought its own chip
maker to produce parts for the device," he declares.

Late last week, a technology news website called SemiAccurate, claimed in an
"exclusive" that "Apple has just done something that SemiAccurate has been
expecting for months and entered the fab industry. No we are not joking, Apple
just bought into a fab, and not in a trivial way either." The rest of the
account is available only to the site's subscribers.

No one seems to know exactly what this alleged action really means. Except for
Tony Crammond. First, there is no evidence whatever that the "iPhone 6" has been
"delayed" or was in danger of being delayed. And there's nothing in what's been
publicly posted about this alleged deal that shows this semiconductor
manufacturer, whoever it may be, is or will be producing chips for the iPhone 6.

"This is undoubtedly a move by the Cupertino, Calif.-based company to become
more autonomous in its handset production, cutting out manufacturing partners
such as Samsung, Foxconn and Pegatron, with whom it has worked in the past,"
Crammond explains.

Samsung has been the principal maker of the processors used in Apple's iOS
devices. But Foxconn and Pegatron are assemblers.

If Apple cuts them out, it will end up building iPhones by hand.

"Apple's previous devices have been plagued by production issues, with third
parties unable to keep up with demand and producing components that are below
Apple's exacting standards," according to Crammond. This statement is simply a
canard. Supply chain management is a blend of art and science. There are always
"issues," and the goal of SCM is to resolve the issues. The suggestion that
Apple's iOS products are "plagued" by low-quality components is simply false.

AppleInsider searched the HTML tags with the SemiAccurate webpost and concluded
they "may reveal Apple's rumored mystery partner: United Microelectronics
Corporation." UMC is based in Taiwan, and trades on the New York Stock Exchange
under the symbol UMC.

Its market capitalization is about $5 billion, in part due to an overall decline
in its stock price since early 2010, according to data from Google Finance.  Its
52-week stock price range is $1.75-2.44, and as of July 19 is trading at just
above $2 per share.

But Brook Crothers at CNET says a "semiconductor industry source" says that the
deal - which is far from finalized - may involve Globalfoundries, of Milpitas,
Calif. The foundry and Apple are "kicking the tires" but " 'by no means' is any
firm deal imminent...," writes Crothers.

"The source continued: 'Globalfoundries and Samsung have the same technology
foundation based on an IBM joint development agreement. So that gives [a
possible deal] a little less risk if they're looking at a secondary option to
offset [the current chip manufacturing] with Samsung.'" But Apple has several
options for "investing" in a chip plant (Globalfoundries has a relatively new
plant in New York with "a lot of idle capacity," according to CNET's source).
Here's Crothers:  "Linley Gwennap, principal analyst of The Linley Group,
doesn't see Apple owning capacity, however. 'I don't see why Apple would buy a
fab, but they might front some money to Globalfoundries to guarantee access,' he
told CNET."

Another option is for Apple to invest in chip processes rather than physical
manufacturing assets. "Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster thinks it makes more
sense for the company to focus its efforts on developing chip processes instead
of owning and operating a full-fledged factory," writes Evan Niu, a contributor
at TheFool.com.  (Niu owns Apple stock.) His post is headlined "Did Apple Buy
Its Own Chip Plant or Not? The answer, apparently, is "no one knows."

Longstanding rumors have pegged Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. as
Apple's most likely chipmaking partner. Just last month, The Wall Street Journal
reported that after years of talks, Apple had finally inked a deal with TSMC to
build mobile chips beginning in 2014.

Apple is spending yearly about as much if not more than Intel on capital, or
almost as much as Microsoft, Amazon and Google combined. For Fiscal Year 2013
alone, Apple will spend just over $10 billion. Much of this spending is to buy
equipment that is placed in the manufacturing and assembly plants of its supply
chain partners. But apart from Asymoc's Horace Dediu, this whole area of
spending and intent is getting almost no attention from analysts and media.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network
World.Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              169 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                      October 7, 2014 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone 6 pre-order begins today, spotted ready to go online at noon today

LENGTH: 211  words


Yesterday it was reported that Apple will launch its latest iPhone  6 and 6 Plus
in Indian market on 17th October. The phone was expected to hit pre-order status
today.

Apart from the company's distribution partners Ingram Micro, Redington, Rashi
Peripherals and Reliance, the handset has been added to the online store
Flipkart. According to a post on Flipkart the phone will come for pre-order at
noon today. Check here.

The handset (only Iphone 6) has been spotted at Ingram and Rashi Peripherals
with a coming soon tag. Check here and here.

We are yet to see the phone coming up at Airtel and Aircel  who are also
partners with Apple for the new phone.

Though it is left to the distributors to declare the price of the handset here
are the expected prices of the new iPhones

Apple Iphone 6 16 GB INR 53,500

Apple iPhone 6 64 GB INR 62,500

Apple iPhone 6 128 GB INR 71,500

Apple iPhone 6 Plus16 GB INR 62,500

Apple iPhone 6 Plus 64 GB INR 71,500

Apple iPhone 6 Plus128 GB INR 80,500

Apple iPhone 6 is a A8 chip with a 64-bit processor based phone that comes with
a 4.7 inch display screen and a display resolution of 1334 x 750 pixels. The
handset runs the latest iOS 8 operating system and has 8 megapixel iSight
camera on board with a 1.2 megapixel camera on the front side.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              170 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                      October 7, 2014 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone 6 pre-order begins today, spotted ready to go online at noon today

LENGTH: 211  words


Yesterday it was reported that Apple will launch its latest iPhone  6 and 6 Plus
in Indian market on 17th October. The phone was expected to hit pre-order status
today.

Apart from the company's distribution partners Ingram Micro, Redington, Rashi
Peripherals and Reliance, the handset has been added to the online store
Flipkart. According to a post on Flipkart the phone will come for pre-order at
noon today. Check here.

The handset (only Iphone 6) has been spotted at Ingram and Rashi Peripherals
with a coming soon tag. Check here and here.

We are yet to see the phone coming up at Airtel and Aircel  who are also
partners with Apple for the new phone.

Though it is left to the distributors to declare the price of the handset here
are the expected prices of the new iPhones

Apple Iphone 6 16 GB INR 53,500

Apple iPhone 6 64 GB INR 62,500

Apple iPhone 6 128 GB INR 71,500

Apple iPhone 6 Plus16 GB INR 62,500

Apple iPhone 6 Plus 64 GB INR 71,500

Apple iPhone 6 Plus128 GB INR 80,500

Apple iPhone 6 is a A8 chip with a 64-bit processor based phone that comes with
a 4.7 inch display screen and a display resolution of 1334 x 750 pixels. The
handset runs the latest iOS 8 operating system and has 8 megapixel iSight
camera on board with a 1.2 megapixel camera on the front side.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              171 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          September 3, 2014 Wednesday

Video shows claimed iPhone 6 days before Apple s official unveiling

BYLINE: Troy Wolverton

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 454 words


Applecs is widely expected to unveil theciPhone 6 next week at a press event in
Cupertino. But if you want a sneak peek one week early at what sure looks like
the rumored device, you donct have to go any further than YouTube.

Earlier this week, a Russian-based tech product review group called Rozetked
posted on the streaming site a video of purported iPhone 6. The video shows both
the sleek and thin outside of the device as well as its innards.

The device shown in the video resembles those shown in pictures that have shown
up on the Web in recent months. As rumored , this purported iPhone 6 has a
significantly larger screen than last yearcs iPhone 5s. It also has a case that
has rounded edges, unlike the flat edges of recent iPhone models.

The claimed iPhone 6 also has a thinner case than its predecessor. One of the
apparent results of that is that its camera module sticks out from its back,
rather than lying flush with it as in previous iPhones.

One other significant design change: The power button on the new device is on
the right-hand side, rather than on top. The device retains the iPhonecs
signature round home button, though.

According to the video, the purported iPhone 6's case is made of aluminum, with
an Apple logo in the back thatcs made of Liquidmetal . Liquidmetal is a a
strong, durable and lightweight metallic alloy for which Apple has an exclusive
licensectocuse in consumer electronicscdevices. Apple has previously used the
material in acSIM card remover incsome of its early iPhones.

Surprisingly, the claimed iPhone 6 doesnct have a sapphire-based screen,
according to the video. Apple has invested in sapphire manufacturing plants and
has been   at least until very recently   widely expected to use sapphire
crystalcfor the displays in upcoming iPhone models. The company already has used
sapphire crystalcin the fingerprint sensor on the iPhone 5s and the camera
lenscon that and theciPhone 5.

On the inside, the purported iPhone 6 has an A8 chip, the apparent successor to
the A7 chip thatcs in the iPhone 5s. It also has an NFC (or near-field
communications) antenna.cNFC is commonly used for wireless payment systems and
is already included in many other smartphones and in some csmartc credit and
payment cards such as the Clipper card accepted by Bay Area transit operators.
Apple has been rumored to be working on its own mobile wallet system that would
allow iPhone owners to use their phone to make wireless payments.

One thing to note about the claimed iPhone 6, the reviewers never turn on the
device during the video. Some observers have argued that this is not a final
iPhone 6, but instead one that has been assembled with leaked parts .

Photo from screen shot of Rozetked video.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              172 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                      January 16, 2015 Friday 6:30 AM EST

PhoneSuit Announces Elite 6 Battery Case Series For iPhone 6 And iPhone 6 Plus
At CES 2015

LENGTH: 413  words


Friday, January 16, 2015: PhoneSuit, award winning manufacturer of Smartphone
battery cases and mobile power solutions today announced the next generation of
the PhoneSuit Elite Battery Case product line at CES 2015 (Consumer Electronics
Show) in Las Vegas. The Elite 6 Battery Case Series for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus provides users with extended power for up to 2 days of use without the need
to reach a power outlet. The latest generation of PhoneSuit Elite Battery Cases
continue to deliver the ultimate in power, protection and style with industry
leading, premium case designs.

The PhoneSuit Elite 6 Battery Case series incorporates a number of new features
to provide iPhone users with extended power while also enhancing ergonomics and
durability. PhoneSuit's innovative touch control technology utilizes multiple
sensors which allow users to check battery status and control iPhone power
output with ease. The touch sensors eliminate the need for archaic mechanical
switches and buttons, which can fail over time. PhoneSuit's advanced chipset and
custom high-density battery cells can provide users with up to 120% in
additional iPhone power. Quick charge technology fully recharges an iPhone 6 in
less than 2 hours. Smart Power Management technology prioritizes and manages
power delivery to the iPhone. The list of Power features include, pass-through
charging, prioritized charging, iTunes sync, automatic-off once iPhone is 100%
charged and more.

The Elite 6 Battery Case line features ultra-slim, ergonomic, full protection
case designs. The internal structurally reinforced construction and high
strength polycarbonate materials have been rigorously tested to ensure drop
protection from nearly any angle. PhoneSuit's proprietary soft-touch, metallic
rubber composite coating provides for a great grip and feel in hand.

The PhoneSuit Elite 6 Battery Case series is available now for pre-order on
PhoneSuit.com. Users can choose from variety of colors which include soft-touch
Black metallic, Blue metallic, Red metallic and Silver metallic colors.

The PhoneSuit Elite 6 Battery Case for iPhone 6 (2200 mAh) provides up to 80%
extra charge at $79.95

The PhoneSuit Elite 6 Pro Battery Case for iPhone 6 (3000 mAh) provides up to
120% extra charge at $99.95

The PhoneSuit Elite 6 Battery Case for iPhone 6 Plus (3000 mAh) provides up to
80% extra charge at $89.95

The PhoneSuit Elite 6 Pro Battery Case for iPhone 6 Plus (4200 mAh) provides up
to 120% extra charge at $109.95

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2015 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              173 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Himalayan Times

                            December 19, 2014 Friday

Ncell brings iPhones through bundling

BYLINE: HIMALAYAN NEWS SERVICE

LENGTH: 321  words


KATHMANDU: Ncell, the country's leading mobile service provider, has launched
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus in the Nepali market bundled with its SIM and data
offer.

Ncell unveiled three variants of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus each of 16GB, 64GB
and 128GB amid a function today.

Under the bundled offer, customers buying any of these handsets would get 1GB
data for free every month for six months.

Customers can currently buy iPhone 6 of 16GB internal memory at Rs 83,999, 64GB
at Rs 94,499 and 128GB at Rs 107,999. Likewise, iPhone 6 Plus with internal
memory of 16GB costs Rs 94,499, 64GB is priced at Rs 107,999 and 128GB at Rs
120,999.

The prices of the handsets are subject to exchange rate movement.

The phones are also available under equated monthly installment (EMI) from Nepal
Investment Bank, Himalaya Bank and Nabil Bank, as per the press statement.

Prakul Kumar of Tinkune, Kathmandu, who bought iPhone 6 Plus from Ncell Centre
at Krishna Towers became the first authorised iPhone handset buyer in Nepal.
Soma Thapa, customers relations director of Ncell, handed over the handset to
him and Bishal Karki of New Baneswor, another iPhone 6 Plus buyer amid a
function at the centre today morning.

Likewise, Ncell also organised a separate event for its corporate customers in
the evening. At the function, Ncell had set up a separate experience and sales
zone to facilitate customers to enjoy the experience of using Ncell services in
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, and buy the handsets.

Customers can buy iPhone handsets bundled with Ncell offer from seven Ncell
Centers, including Ncell Centre in Krishna Towers, Durbarmarg, Maharajgunj,
Kumaripati, Chabahil, Kalanki and Banepa. Customers already using Ncell services
can also transfer the on-net balance offered with the sets into their existing
numbers. This can be done while buying the set from the Ncell Centre.

The bundled offer will remain in place until the next notice.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 Himalayan Times, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              174 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Apple Strays from Jobs path;
Steve Jobs gave people what they wanted before they knew they wanted it. Apple
now gives all the options or them to choose from, Krishna Bahirwani explores
what one can expect from Apple's new offerings.

BYLINE: Krishna Bahirwani

LENGTH: 1039  words


Steve Jobs gave people what they wanted before they knew they wanted it. Apple
now gives all the options or them to choose from, Krishna Bahirwani explores
what one can expect from Apple's new offerings.

Get ready for  iPhone 6, iPhone 6 plus and Apple Watch

For the first time since its invention Apple has decided to adopt a different
strategy with the new, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. I'm not talking about the
Apple-designed A8 chip with second generation 64-bit desktop-class architecture
and advanced iSight and FaceTime HD cameras or even the "ultrafast" wireless
technologies or even Apple Pay , an easier way to simply and securely make
payments with just the touch with iOS 8, the latest version of Apple's operating
system.I'm talking about the design and concept, ever since its inception the
iPhone has always been one phone for each  generation with an exception of
different storage capacities but this time there are two different phones which
takes away from the singularity of the "iPhone".

"iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are the biggest advancements in iPhone history,"
said Tim Cook, Apple's CEO. "The iPhone is the most loved smartphone in the
world with the highest customer satisfaction in the industry and we are making
it much better in every way. Only Apple can combine the best hardware, software
and services at this unprecedented level and we think customers are going to
love it."

The iPhone 6 features a 4.7-inch Retina HD display with 1334 x 750 resolution,
which is designed to provide a 38 percent more viewing area than iPhone 5s. The
iPhone 6 Plus features an even bigger 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 1920 x
1080 resolution, providing 88 percent more viewing area and nearly three times
the pixels than iPhone 5s.

Although both the phones have cameras with the new sensor featuring Focus Pixels
, iPhone 6 Plus get optical image stabilization technology that compensates for
shaky hands. The iPhone 6 Plus also has a higher battery capacity ,because of
the larger screen size which possibly consumes more power it cannot be said if
the increased battery capacity will benifit its users in terms of time to surf
the web or watching videos.The iPhone 6 Plus also features a landscape mode
similar to the iPad where apps can work when the phone is held horizontally .

Having two phones has created a divide within the iPhone users having to make a
choice which they never had to today. As of today iPhone 6 Plus is sold out with
Apple and carrier online stores, much before the the 4.7-inch iPhone 6. The
exact quanitity of the number of iPhone 6 Plus sold or even the iPhone 6 is
unknown and therefore it is difficult to accertain  if there were lesser
quanitites of iPhone 6 Plus made.

It cannot be said if this strategy will help them get more of a market share or
if it will make Apple bend towards the "phablet" market or if making two
different models was a bad move.

Hot features

Dramatically thin design

Powerful A8 chip

Stunning Retina HD display

Advanced camera

Apple Pay

Apple has officially made its entry into the smartwatch industry with the Apple
Watch which they are dubbing as their most personal device ever Apple Watch
features the digital crown, a new way of interaction following on the footsteps
of the iPod Click Wheel and iPhone Multi-Touch. The Digital Crown provides an
innovative way to scroll, zoom and navigate. Apple Watch makes your wrist the
center of your communication by sending and receiving messages, answering calls
to your iPhone, and with Digital Touch, sending something as personal as your
own heartbeat all from your wrist. Apple Watch also wants you to be healthy with
a whole new set of health and fitness apps. Apple Watch has three versions,
Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport and Apple Watch Edition.

"Apple introduced the world to several category-defining products, the Mac,
iPod, iPhone and iPad," said Tim Cook, Apple's CEO. "And once again Apple is
poised to captivate the world with a revolutionary product that can enrich
people's lives. It's the most personal product we've ever made."

"With Apple Watch, we've developed multiple technologies and an entirely new
user interface specifically for a device that's designed to be worn. It blurs
the boundary between physical object and user interface," said Jony Ive, Apple's
senior vice president of Design. "We've created an entire range of products that
enable unparalleled personalisation."

Apple Watch has an iOS-based user interface created specifically for a smaller
device with the digital crown serving as the home button and a convenient way to
access Siri. Apple Watch comes in three  versions, Apple Watch, Apple Watch
Sport and Apple Watch Edition and is available in two sizes, 38 mm and 42 mm.

Apple is giving you all the choice you need with the Apple Watch with enclosures
of the made from custom alloys of polished or space black stainless steel, space
gray or silver anodised aluminium and 18-karat rose or yellow gold. When it
comes to watch straps you get everything from stainless steel to leather as an
option. The customization doesn't stop there with 11 watch faces ranging from
traditional analog faces to new faces like the dynamic Timelapse face which can
also be further personalized allowing the Apple Watch to become an extension of
your personality.

Taking advantage of its location on your wrist, Apple Watch gives you all the
information you need like directions or current locations at a glance which you
can interact with using your hand or your voice.  Apple Watch also includes a
groundbreaking Activity app which offers calories burned, brisk activity and how
often you stand up during the day and another Workout provides goal-setting and
pacing during popular session-based workouts, such as running and cycling. The
companion Fitness app on iPhone collects your activity data so you can see your
activity history in greater detail. Apple Watch uses this history to suggest
personal, realistic goals, reward fitness milestones and keep you
motivated.Available at 350$ in the US, the device definitely packs bang for the
buck.

Hot features

Heart Rate Meter

Wireless charging

A lot of customisation

with straps

Retina HD screen

Fitness tracking

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2014 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              175 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 24, 2014 Friday

Dress up your iPhone 6

BYLINE: ByGregg Ellman

SECTION: TECH EXTRA; Pg. SA2

LENGTH: 589 words


New Trent's Trentium and Alixo cases for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are dirt-and
water-resistant. MCT

The PowerArmour from BuQu Tech has a 2,500mAh battery in a unibody shell
exterior to protect the iPhone 6 from drops. MCT

Getting the new iPhone is one thing, getting it dressed up is another. Recently
my email box has been flooded with new cases to dress up your naked iPhone 6 or
6 Plus, and here are some highlights.

? The PowerArmour from BuQu Tech has a 2,500mAh battery in a uni-body shell
exterior to protect the iPhone 6 from drops.

BuQu states that the internal battery doesn't add any unnecessary bulk to the
smartphone, slides in and out of the case with its patented slide-lock
mechanism.

There's also a built-in LED gauge showing available battery power and a
power-saving on/off switch.

www.buqutech.com, $79.99, expected out in November

? One of my favorites, the Q Card Case from CM4, is now available for the iPhone

6. The Q Card Case's one-piece design combines a wallet on the back side of the
protective case.

A few credit cards, ID and cash can be stored in the wallet, which is built into
the case constructed of a patented soft-touch rubber and premium fabric design.

www.CM4.com, $39.99, available in black onyx, pacific green and champagne gold

? New Trent has announced the Trentium and Alixo cases, a new line of protective
cases for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

The Trentium has an ultra-thin and rugged design, making it dirt- and
water-resistant for both new phones in black, gold or silver. The Alixo has the
same protection as the Trentium but adds a scratch-resistant screen case, along
with an interchangeable front cover in choices of black or white.

www.newtrent.com, $31.95 each, the cases will be available October 31

?ENERGI's sliding power case for iPhone 6 ($99.99) has a built-in 3,200mAh
rechargeable and battery. Once it's taken off you'll have a protective TPUlined
inner case for enhanced drop protection.

The ALIN glass screen protector ($34.99) keeps your new iPhone 6 clean and
scratch-free. It attaches with the included snap-on alignment tool for easy
positioning to make the installation simple.

www.tylt.com

? X-Doria's fashion-forward accessories now include a full line of iPhone 6 and
6 Plus cases including the Defense 720? and the Engage Folio.

The Defense 720? ($29.99) features a full-screen, hard-plastic protective front
shield, which completely covers the screen but still allows full control of the
touchscreen.

Rear armor is built into the back for a grippy, protective bumper with a sturdy
shield. The two-piece construction snaps together with each for full protection
and is available in black, blue and pink for the iPhone 6.

The Engage Folio is a clear, hard polycarbonate back to protect the smartphone
without hiding it and an anti-scratch coating helps keep the view crystal clear.

A leather-like front cover protects the screen and has card slots on the inside
to store credit cards or a license. The Engage Folio is available for both the
iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus for $29.99.

? Urban Armor Gear's collection of protective solutions for the new 4.7- and
5.5-inch iPhone 6 meet military standards for drop and shock (MIL-STD
810G-516.6).

They are constructed with a hard armor shell, soft rubber core and bumpers in a
rugged one-piece design.

Urban Armor Gear iPhone 6 cases are available for pre-order in black, white,
rust (orange), plasma (pink), slate (blue) and ice (clear) for $34.95 each for
the 4.7-inch device and $39.95 for the 5.5-inch device.

www.urbanarmorgear.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              176 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

Fans spend hours in line for iPhones

BYLINE: Eric Jou

LENGTH: 562  words


About 100 Apple fans gathered in front of Taikooli Apple Store in downtown
Beijing before the launch of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones in China on
Friday morning.

Apple fan Liu Yi shows off his iPhone 6. The new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, originally
released in September in the US, were released in China on Friday, Oct 17. Liu
has been one of the first in line for every iPhone launched in China. [Liu
Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

About 100 Apple fans gathered in front of Taikooli Apple Store in downtown
Beijing before the launch of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones in China on
Friday morning.

Some of them were standing in line after ordering the smartphones online, while
others had traveled all the way from neighboring cities.

"I came all the way from Shijiazhuang, Hebei province, to pick up the phone,"
said Song, who works in sales. "I purchased an iPhone 6 and an iPhone 6 Plus as
gifts for my wife. I got two so she can choose."

The atmosphere in the morning was happy, with eager fans in line receiving
praise and greetings from the employees of the Apple Store.

Chinese media reported that the situation was similar across the tech giant's
stores in China. China News Service reports that there were lines of customers
waiting all night for new iPhones at China Unicom locations in Taiyuan, Shanxi
province. China Unicom even posted images of people waiting in line in various
provinces on its official account on Sina Weibo, a Twitter-like microblog.

Originally released in September, Apple sold more than 10 million units of its
new smartphones within the first weekend. Early news reports from Chinese tech
giant Tencent's media outlet, QQ News, reported that sales could easily reach
past 20 million in China alone.

Recent university graduate surnamed Tong was in front of the Apple Store in
downtown Beijing on Friday. He wasn't in line to purchase a new iPhone, but to
enjoy the atmosphere.

"I'm here to join in the fun," said Tong. "I've been a fan of Apple products for
a long time and I frequently visit the Apple Store."

Friday's launch went smoothly and despite the modest physical turn-out, the
launch is expected be a boost for the US-based technology company.

Wang Jingwen, an analyst with Canalys, said Apple fever in China is as hot as
ever.

"Consumers have learned different ways to purchase Apple products, from ordering
online to ordering from retailers and carriers," said Wang. "I believe that
Apple has also put out information informing consumers on where they can buy
iPhones."

The launch of the iPhone 6 Plus is also Apple's first foray into the 'phablet'
market. 'Phablet' is a term for phones with screen sizes that are nearly as
large as tablet computers.

According to Wang, the 'phablet' market in China is growing and that the devices
are eating into the tablet computing market.

"There really isn't a competitor to the iPhone 6 Plus in the market,"said Wang.
"The 6 Plus at 5.5 inches might turn away consumers from new tablet devices, not
just in China but everywhere.

College student surnamed Zhang visited the Apple Store with her boyfriend. She
said she was impressed with the bigger screen of the iPhone 6S.

"I personally like larger phones. I used to have a Samsung phone," said Zhang.
"I really like it (iPhone 6), I've already decided that I want one."

Apple iPhone 6 wins two regulatory approvals in China
Peek inside Apple's iPhone 6

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              177 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                           February 12, 2013, Tuesday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup - blizzard delayed - for week ending Feb. 8;
The 5-inch phone with 5G Wi-Fi, and how Apple can increase sales

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 2135 words


As a massive blizzard enveloped the Northeast U.S. (and delayed this edition of
The Rollup), a blizzard of rumors sweptthe iOSphere about iPhone 6.

There were "reports" from such sources as a "friend at a supplier" in Apple's
supply chain about seeing not one but two new iPhones, one with a
bigger-than-4-inch screen. There was actually some informed speculation on how
Apple might achieve that without disrupting its ecosystem for iOS apps.

Because Samsung is rumored to be introducing "5G" Wi-Fi in its next Galaxy S
smartphone, it logically follows that Apple will, too. And finally some sound
advice for Apple on how to make the 2013 holiday sales of the Next iPhone even
more successful: reduce the number of days that people can buy it.

You read it here second.

___________ ___________ CNET was one tech site that noticed, or noticed other
tech sites noticing, a Chinese language blog post that declared that both the
iPhone 5S and the 5-inch iPhone 6 "have shown up at an Apple supplier in China,"
writes CNET's Steven Musil.  [ RELATED: iPhoneys: iPhone 6 edition ] "The models
could be released this year, according to a post by a Sina Tech user called Old
Yao," Musil writes. "He reports that a friend of his at a supplier has seen the
models and says that the iPhone 5S resembles the iPhone 5, while the iPhone 6 is
wider, longer, and thinner."

"CNET has contacted Apple for comment and will update this report when we learn
more."

We're not holding our breath.

We're confident Musil got the general sense of the Chinese right. If you read
Chinese, you can have at it yourself. If not, savor the Google Translate version
of the original blog post: "A buddy from the apple vendor to see will be
released this year the iphone 5s and iphone iphone 5s iphone 5 is said to almost
the iphone 6 changes, screen should be Wucun, than crazy five wider, longer,
thinner, lighter, just people not to take pictures, otherwise everyone to
share."

We move from the ridiculous to the genuinely speculative. Apple watchers, Rene
Ritchie at iMore, and Marco Arment, creator of Instapaper, at Marco.org,
recently and separately put together some thoughtful analysis on how Apple could
actually create a larger-screen phone.

Essentially, they've asked the question, "If Apple did decide to create a 5-inch
iPhone, how could they do it, what would the trade-offs be, and which design
option would they be most likely to use?"

Ritchie's most recent commentary on this, "More on a 5-inch iPhone and scaling
the interface," reiterates his point that "stretching the screen" of the iPhone
5 offers the simplest way to create a big-screened iPhone.

"If you think of the iPad mini as a tablet that's using phone [pixel] density,
then the big iPhone is just a phone using tablet [pixel] density," he writes.
"[The result is that] you have phone interface at high density, phone interface
at less-high density, tablet interface at high density, tablet interface at
less-high density."

"Then, just like there's an 11- and 13-inch MacBook Air, and a 13- and 15-inch
MacBook Pro, there's a 4- and 5-inch iPhone, and a 7.9 and 9.7-inch iPad," he
writes.

Here's iMore's mockup of how the iPhone lineup would look. From right: the
5-inch "iPhone maxi," the 4-inch iPhone 5, iPhone 4, and at far left, the
original iPhone.

Arment argues along similar lines in his blog post "A crazier prediction: iPhone
Plus is real, and huge." "The iPad Mini uses iPhone 3GS-density screens at iPad
resolution," he notes. "What if an iPhone Plus used Retina iPad screens with
iPhone 5 resolution, keeping the rest of the design sized like an iPhone 5?" By
"keeping the rest of the design sized like an iPhone 5," Arment seems to mean
that the iPhone Plus would appear to be "an iPhone 5 that's proportionally
larger."

Here are the relevant current resolution and pixel densities (PPI) for
reference:

* iPad retina: resolution, 1028 x 1536; PPI, 264 * iPad 2: resolution, 1024 x
768; PPI, 132 * iPad mini: resolution, 1024 x 768; PPI, 163 * iPhone 3GS:
resolution, 480 x 320; PPI, 165 * iPhone 5: resolution, 1136 x 640; PPI, 326 *
Arment's iPhone Plus: resolution, 1136 x 640; PPI, 264The Plus would have the
iPhone 5's resolution and the retina iPad's pixel density. The screen size would
measure 4.94 inches diagonally, Arment says. He created a Photoshop rendering
comparing iPhone 5 and iPhone Plus.

"By keeping the pixel dimensions the same as the iPhone 5, no app changes would
be necessary," Arment writes, underscoring what is probably a vital concern for
Apple. "While the larger screen would hinder one-handed use, two-handed use
would actually be easier because the touch targets would all be larger, and
UIKit's standard metrics and controls still work well at that physical size."
The UIKit framework provides the classes needed to build and manage an iOS
application's user interface.

Why or whether Apple would create a larger phone remains an open question.
Ritchie uses some hard data to create a useful perspective for answering it.

"Almost 9 out of 10 AT&T customers bought 4-inch or smaller iPhones last quarter
rather than all big screen Android and Windows Phones combined, and roughly 6
out of 10 Verizon customers did the same," he writes. "So aside from geeks who
keep posting about how they really want it, and shoppers for whom bigger as a
feature is always better, Apple might not feel any pressing, mainstream need to
add another screen size to the iPhone product line. Yet."

And we know this because there are people who are expecting that Samsung's
forthcoming Galaxy S IV smartphone will use a Broadcom chip that supports the
IEEE 802.11ac standard, which can achieve 1.3Gbps. This expectation "has lead
[sic] to speculation" that the Next iPhone will, too.

Simple, eh? It's the iOSphere's idea of logic.

"News that Samsung's Galaxy S4 smartphone (expected to launch this month) may
support 802.11ac, also known as '5G Wi-Fi', has lead [sic] to speculation that
Apple's next iPhone could support standard as well," according to Macworld
Australia.

This "news" apparently is simply a comment, presumably in a Note To Investors,
by Evercore Partners stock analyst Patrick Wang. According to Macworld AU, Wang
"has said that new connectivity chips from Broadcom are expected to be used in
the Samsung's Galaxy S4, and that Apple is also believed to be in talks with
Broadcom about new chips for its iPhone 6, as well as the rumoured low-cost
iPhone."

The passive voice covers a multitude of speculation, guesses and sheer wishful
thinking.

Macworld AU quotes Wang as saying, "We conducted a series of check that indicate
[Broadcom's] combo chip (likely 4335, with 5G Wi-Fi, BT, FM) remains designed
into Samsung's forthcoming Galaxy S4."

One would give a great deal to be assured that "conducting a series of checks"
entailed more than "we searched a bunch of tech rumor websites."

But, Wang warns, according to the Macworld post, "that he believes Apple may
only use Broadcom's 43342 combo chip, which works on 802.11a/b/g/n, BT, FM
networks in its iPhone 6, alternatively dubbed iPhone 5S, with a ramp starting
mid-2013." That would be Bad News, because we might have "only" 802.11n on a
2013 iPhone instead of "5G Gigabit Smoking Awesome" 11ac.

Yet for the initial 11ac-equipped smartphones, the chips, including Broadcom's
BRC4335 supposedly destined for the Next Galaxy S, will only support one data
stream. Assuming it can find an 11ac access point or router to connect with, and
get an 80MHz-wide channel, and 256 QAM modulation, and it's not sharing the air
with other 11ac clients, it might realize a throughput of 300Mbps.

Which, no doubt about it, is pretty good.

Broadcom announced its 11ac chip lineup in January 2012, with a battery of chip
products supporting one to three spatial streams, targeted at different classes
of products (access points, routers, PCs, smartphones, tablets, embedded
devices); some of the chips, called "combo chips," also support Bluetooth 4.0
and/or FM radio. The BCM4335 11ac chip announced last July and "expected" in the
next Galaxy S is one such "combo" chip. It's due to ship in volume in Q1 2013 --
any time now.

AnandTech's Brian Klug noted in July that the BCM4335 that the BCM4335 "includes
a number of the optional 802.11ac features including 256QAM, short guard
interval, beamforming, low density parity check (LDPC), and space-time block
coding (STBC).

This results in a PHY rate of 433.3 Mbps [actual throughput as mentioned above
would be about 300Mbps] with 80 MHz channels on 802.11ac."

The BRC4334, which Wang fears may be Apple's choice for the Next iPhone, is also
a combo chip, which supports 802.11n. Apple first selected it for the iPhone 5.
It's widely used in the industry. One of its most important capabilities is that
the iPhone 5 become the first model, and one of the first phones in the
industry, to be able to use the uncluttered 5GHz band, instead of only the
2.4GHz band. [see "FAQ: iPhone 5 and 5GHz Wi-Fi"] Though still in the process of
being ratified formally by the IEEE, the 11ac standard is for all practical
purposes finalized.

The Wi-Fi Alliance will start interoperability testing and certification of 11ac
products this spring. That could be soon enough for Apple to introduce it in an
iPhone later this year. But Apple didn't rush into LTE: The iPhone 5 in fall of
2012 was the first iPhone model to support it.

The benefits of running 11n Wi-Fi in the 5GHz band probably will outweigh those
offered by an 11ac phone that will find far fewer 11ac routers and access points
and hotspots with which to connect, until home, office, and carrier networks are
gradually upgraded to the new standard. [See "11ac will be faster, but how much
faster really?"] So while there's little doubt that Apple is evaluating 11ac,
there's somewhat more doubt about when it might introduce it to the iPhone.

If Apple wants to succeed with the Next iPhone, it "might have better luck
waiting until the very end of the year to announce its newest iPhone, rather
than follow Apple's new 11-month release cycle that might see a new iPhone in
September, or even August."

That's the contention of Dave Smith, writing for International Business Times
(IBT).

Let's assume there is logic at work here.

"Last year, the iPhone 5 took product hype to a new level," Smith asserts.
"Unfortunately, despite people talking about this unknown device for more than a
full 12 months, introducing the device only seemed to dampen excitement
surrounding Apple."

Wait. The iPhone 5 was introduced and it dampened excitement? Could this be the
same iPhone 5 that set all-time sales records, and drove all-time revenue
records, in Apple's first quarter? The same iPhone that, as iMore's Rene Ritchie
pointed out above, "almost 9 out of 10 AT&T customers bought ... and roughly 6
out of 10 Verizon customers [also bought] ..."?

"The iPhone 5 has been a very successful product for Apple," Smith admits,
somewhat confusingly. So it didn't dampen excitement?

"[B]ut the company needs to reenergize its fan base if it hopes to outdo its
iPhone 5 sales with the 2013 iPhone." Yet every iPhone model has been
significantly more successful than the previous model, suggesting that the "fan
base" is has been increasingly energized.

"To feed the hype machine, Apple should wait for a longer-than-normal period to
release the iPhone 6," Smith concludes.

Specifically, without hashing the entire 2007-2012 history of Apple's iPhone
release dates yet again, Smith believes that the way for Apple to even more
successful with the Next iPhone is to delay releasing it until November 2013.

In other words, Apple will sell more iPhones during the holiday season by
selling them for a shorter holiday season.

That seems, shall we say, counterintuitive.

But, according to Smith, by releasing iPhone 5 in late September 2012,
"customers were left more time to choose between Apple's latest iPhone and all
other smartphones released during that time." So, logically, by releasing iPhone
6 in November or possibly even December, buyers would have less time to choose
between iPhone 6 and ... uh ... all the other phones that still could be
released between September and December.

Or something.

"If Apple wants the iPhone 6 to be its best-selling smartphone ever, the company
needs to release the phone closer to the Christmas holiday," Smith blithely
asserts, repeating his insight that shortening the holiday buying season for the
Next iPhone would result in higher sales. Somehow.

Perhaps he's counting on the Frenzy Factor in buying, which results in the
by-now-expected Black Friday shopping riots, visible in this handy YouTube
compilation for 2012 or one of the free-for-alls for the latest Air Jordan
basketball shoe.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network World.
Twitter: @johnwcoxnww Email: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              178 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Eagle (Bryan, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

Locals line up to buy the new iPhone 6

BYLINE: Emily Wilkins, The Eagle, Bryan, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 348 words


Sept. 20--They began lining up Thursday before the AT&T store in Bryan had even
closed for the night to stand in line for the debut of the iPhone 6 and iPhone
6-plus.

By the time the store opened in the morning, about 150 people had wrapped around
the building at the corner of Briarcrest and East 29th Street.

Assistant store manager Kurtis Kostelnik, who worked the launches for three
other iPhones, said he was expecting the excitement as the iPhone 6 has some
significant changes from its predecessor -- most notably a larger screen and
faster processor.

"The larger screen makes a big difference," he said "Before we had a lot of
customers say, 'I love the iPhone, but that phone over there has a bigger
screen.'"

Matt Vega is an iPhone devotee who was particularly eager to get his hands on
the iPhone 6 after his iPhone 5 began to malfunction several months ago. He
drove around to all the AT&T stores in the area at 5 a.m. Friday trying to find
the shortest line.

The store on Texas Avenue had about 35 people and Kostelnik's store in Bryan had
about 30. The shortest line, 19 people, was at the AT&T store on Rock Prairie
Road. The store didn't open until 8 a.m., and it took until 9:30 for Vega to
enter and get his iPhone 6.

"I've always loved the iPhone," he said. "It's everything you could want and
need at your fingertips."

Kostelnik said the iPhone 6-plus sold out in the first few hours and all phones
were sold out by the end of the day, although the store is still helping
customers place orders for the phones. Vega said the AT&T he waited at announced
the plus model was sold out before he reached the front of the line.

Josh Manuel, a senior at A&M, said he called the Verizon in College Station
around 10 a.m. to find out the store only had two iPhone 6s left in stock. Not
wanting to risk missing a phone, Manuel drove an hour to Tomball to buy an
iPhone 6.

"So far I really like it," he said. "It has a better battery, better screen and
it's faster."

___ (c)2014 The Eagle (Bryan, Texas) Visit The Eagle (Bryan, Texas) at
www.theeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140920-EG-Locals-line-up-to-buy-the-new-iPhone-6-0920-20140920

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EG


                            Copyright 2014 The Eagle


                              179 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                     February 14, 2015 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Gift Luxury To Your Valentine With This Diamond-Studded iPhone!

LENGTH: 288  words


The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are the thinnest iPhones ever made, with 6.8mm
and 7.1mm thickness respectively.

Saturday, February 14, 2015: If you still haven't thought of what to gift to
your loved one this Valentine's Day, we can suggest something, that is pretty
luxurious and exclusive. Goldgenie, a company that is known for customising
high-end technological products, has launched a 24K Gold iPhone 6 Diamond
Ecstasy limited edition for this day of love.

The website claims that the phone will be customised as per the demand of the
buyer and will cost anything from $15,000, to a whopping $3.5 million. The
customised iPhone from Goldgenie will be available in choices of 24-carat gold,
rose gold or platinum. If the user wants, it can have a laser-engraved message
on the rear of the device.

Lets take a quick recap of the specifications of iPhone models in questions. The
two variants of recently launched iPhone, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus come
with an 11.9-cm (4.7-inch) and 13.97-cm (5.5-inch) displays respectively. While
the iPhone 6 offers a resolution of 1334X750p, the iPhone 6 Plus offers a
resolution of 1920X1080P. These two are the thinnest iPhones ever made, with
6.8mm and 7.1mm thickness respectively.

Apple claims that iPhone 6 is 50 per cent more energy efficient due to its new
A8 processor. A8 processor from Apple is based on 64-bit CPU architecture and is
20 per cent faster in application processing and 50 per cent faster in rendering
graphics. Performance-intensive tasks like playing a game at higher frame rates
are easily sustained by this smartphone. The two new iPhones comes with 8MP
iSight camera, that offers phase detection. This camera allows the users to
shoot 43MP panorama photos.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2015 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              180 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Apple unveils new phones, watch

BYLINE: ERIC JOU in Cupertino

LENGTH: 1456  words


Technology giant Apple Computers announced at a press event in Cupertino,
California today three new products: two new iterations of their iPhone
smartphones, the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus, and Apple's first foray into to
the wearable market -- the Apple Watch.

Describing it as the "the next chapter in Apple's story", Apple CEO Tim Cook
introduced the Apple Watch to a standing ovation from invited guests and tech
media.

"What we didn't do was take the iPhone and shrink it and strap it to your
wrist," said Cook.

The new Apple Watch is a square screened device with a sapphire display that
provides haptic, or skin-contact, feedback. The watch has sensors on its back to
monitor heart rate. The focus of the watch -- with so many health and fitness
features built in -- appears to be health oriented.

The new Apple Watches come in two sizes and three basic models: stainless steel,
an aluminum-cased sport model and a high-end 18-karat gold version, all with a
selection of interchangeable bands.

The watches, which require the use of an iPhone, support apps that include
Chinese messaging app QQ messenger and micro-blogging app Sina Weibo.

The invitation-only event was held in the Flint Center for the Performing Arts
in Cupertino, a throwback to the venue where Apple first launched the Macintosh
computer 30 years ago and the same stage where the iMac was launched.

"It is great to be back to the Flint Center, down the road from the Apple home
center," said Cook. "We had some of the most important apple products on this
stage"

In lieu of the normal announcements of updates happening in the Mac World, Cook
moved directly into the meat of the conference, talking about the iPhone.

"Today we are launching the biggest advancement in the history of iPhone," he
said. "I couldn't be more excited and more proud to show it to you now."

Apple senior vice-president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller took to the
stage to introduce the new smartphones -- the 4.7-inch screen iPhone 6 and the
5.5-inch screen iPhone 6 Plus.

Both sport a myriad of technology upgrades, from faster WiFi to faster LTE
cellular connections. Both phones will launch with the new iOS 8 operating
system. (Software updates will go out to older iPhones (the 4S and later) on
September 17.)

The new phones come with what Apple calls Retina HD, an upgrade to their current
Retina display technology, the 6 supports up to 1 million pixels and the 6-plus
up to 2 million pixels.

The new phones are also thinner. On the new 6 Plus, apps can be used in
Horizontal views.

Previously, the late Apple CEO Steve Jobs made comments about bigger-sized
phones having issues in terms of use, as in being difficult to use with one
hand. Apple's move to bigger displays is seen as emulating what Android makers
such as Samsung and HTC have already done.

Beyond the displays, Apple has put out a new 64-bit chip, the A8, the second
generation, which promises to be 25 percent faster in CPU use and 50 percent
better in graphics processing. This new processing power is supposedly better in
terms of power use. The new iPhones will have better battery life than the
iPhone 5S, the company says.

To show off the power of the new phone, Apple brought Super Evil Megacorp
co-founder and chief creative officer Stephan Sherman on to the stage to show
off their new Massive Online Battle Arena game VainGlory.

The new iPhone will make standard calls from Wifi to Cellular. Schiller said the
technology allowed users to talk on Wifi and then transition seamlessly into
cellular voice.

The upgrade to the iPhones' camera isn't much on paper, but Apple claims the new
iPhone 6's have censors comparable to popular DSLR cameras. As for video, the
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will take 1080p video at 60 frames per-second and slo-mo
videos at 240 fps. Apple has also included time-lapse functions.

Along with the new iPhones, Apple is pushing a new Apple Pay mobile payment
system.

"It's so easy to lose your card or have it compromised, it's no wonder that
people have dreamed of replacing these for years, but they've all failed," said
Tim Cook. "We love this kind of problem, this is exactly what Apple does best,
and so we created an entirely new payment process and we call it Apple Pay."

Eddy Cue, Apple's senior vice-president of internet software and services,
talked about the security of Apple Pay. Credit and debit cards uploaded to the
iPhone are iPhone only. Credit card information isn't stored on the device.

"We're not in the business of collecting your data," said Cue.

Apple Pay comes with every iPhone 6 and 6plus and will start in the US with
American Express, MasterCard and Visa.

Daniel Matte, an analyst with Canalys, said that Apple's announcement delivered
what Apple needed to deliver and the Apple Watch stole the show.

"On the iPhone side, they delivered what they needed to," said Matte. "I think
they're in a very competitive position, putting out two bigger sizes like what
the market has been demanding."

Matte says that the 5.5-inch screen model will work well and appeal to a lot of
people. His only concern is the supply. Matte says that despite China not being
listed as one of the first countries for roll out, it still may be faster than
previous iPhone launches. Matte says that Apple is focused on the China market.

In regards to the Apple Watch, Matte pointed out that this was the first major
non-Steve Jobs product.

"I think the take away is that this is a new area of software, a new direction,
a new user interface, a post Steve Jobs product," said Matte. "It'll take a lot
of time to evaluate the software to see if it's something consumers will take
to, but I do think that the price point and the cool factor -- such as the
software and the different functionalities -- will appeal to a lot of customers
and sales will be quite strong."

Apple's demo of the Apple Watch showed a few Chinese made applications. Matte
says that this, plus Apple's push into China, shows that Apple is committed to
the Chinese market.

The new iPhone 6 and 6 plus will go on sale in the US and Hong Kong among other
countries for 199 for the 16gb with a 2 year contract and 299 for the 64gb. The
6 Plus will start at 299 with a two-year contract on September 19. Both come in
silver, gold and black.

The Apple Watch will go on sale in early 2015 starting at $349.

ericjou@chinadaily.com.cn

SIDEBAR

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus

Hands-on

Apple's latest entries in the iPhone series are two different screen sized
phones. As when Apple upped the screen sizes with the iPhone 5, the iPhone 6 and
6 Plus take screen sizes to higher level.

Similar to all previous iPhones, the 6 and 6 Plus are made of aluminum blocks.
In lieu of the blockier older look, the new iPhones look slick. Both models are
thin, much thinner than the iPhone 5s.

And both are surprisingly light, light enough to be almost worrisome. The lack
of "heft" in the devices feels like it detracts from the premium feel that Apple
has cultivated.

That said, once the phone is turned on, the premium feeling comes right back.
Both phones come with the new "Retina HD" screens, however the 6 Plus benefits
from having a larger screen size. Both screens produce clear crisp images.
Visiting ESPN with its bright reds looked amazing.

The bigger screens have brought a change in button orientation. Gone are the
days of the top power-wake button. Taking a cue from Android hardware, the new
bigger iPhones have the power-wake button on the right hand side of the device.

As for operations, there is an obvious speed advantage over the 5S. Web browsing
and apps both loaded markedly faster, a performance upgrade that was to be
expected.

In terms of camera performance, the new Slo-mo function on the camera looks more
fluid than previous versions. Unfortunately, China Daily wasn't able to test the
Facetime burst function and the Time-lapse function on the new iPhones.

Apple Watch

Hands-on Impression

Apple computer's first entry into the smart wearable device market is a
surprisingly comfortable one.

Coming out with two different screen sizes and technically three different
models (all together 6), the Apple Watch is quite a sight.

It's not so thick that it stands out; it feels and looks a bit smaller than a
standard Casio G-Shock watch. Of course looks are in the eye of the beholder,
considering other mobile device manufacturers have made circular watches.
Apple's device is "rectangular".

In terms of operation, Apple did not allow the media to play with the device
directly. Test devices were only allowed to be worn by the press, with the
software demo being played on a loop.

The device felt and looked good, but without a full hands-on test drive with the
software, there are still many questions about the Apple Watch.

Ericjou@Chinadaily.com.cn

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              181 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Get your iPhone 6 by month-end

BYLINE: REJIMON K

LENGTH: 394 words


Muscat: Apple fans in Oman will be able to lay their hands on the new iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus by the end of this month, according to traders.



"Apple fans will be able to experience the much-anticipated iPhones in a few
days. We have already received covers for both new iPhones. We have bulk
bookings for 150 pieces and are flooded with enquiries. Sales will be held
according to TRA guidelines," a trader at Smart Zone Trading in Qurum said.

"The anticipated price of iPhone 6 (16GB) is between OMR300 and OMR320," added
the trader.



Meanwhile, confirming the availability, Nawras, one of the telecom service
providers in Oman, tweeted that they are really excited about the iPhones and
customers will be able to get it from Nawras by the end of this month.

Apple unveiled two versions of the iPhones with bigger screens, improved
specifications and new features, overhauling its top-selling product, in an
event that gave the clearest sign of the company's product direction under Chief
Executive Officer Tim Cook on Tuesday.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, the thinnest iPhones ever made which support
long-term evolution (LTE) and voice over LTE across 200 carriers, will be
available in the US from September 19.

Pre-booking orders in that country will begin on September 12.

Meanwhile, traders in the UAE also confirmed that with the new iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus available in the UAE within this month, prices of the current
models are sinking, and sinking fast.

"We will be able to sell the iPhones by this month," said a UAE trader. As there
is only one premium seller in Oman, the rest of the sellers purchase the Apple
products from the UAE. We have booked hundreds of pieces with our UAE seller,
whom we are dealing with for the past eight years," said a trader in Muscat.

In Oman too, the prices of older iPhone models have dropped in anticipation of
the newer models coming into the market.

"The iPhone 5s (16GB) which was costing OMR242 on Tuesday has today (Wednesday)
come down to OMR234," said a trader in Muscat while adding that this usually
happens when a new iPhone is unveiled.

"It isn't so much that Apple drops it prices, but retailers, who are eager to
push out stocks of the previous version to make room for the newer devices," he
said.

Reporter can be reached at reji@timesofoman.com
 Muscat Press and Publishing House SAOC 2014

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2014 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              182 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

What's trending?

SECTION: BITS AND BYTES; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 260 words


Apple envy:

In true bombastic fashion, Apple introduced the newest iteration of the iPhone
Tuesday morning. ! e iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will have screens measuring 4.7 inches
and 5.5 inches, respectively. ! e company also announced their new wearable
technology, the Apple Watch.

$900 for an iPhone 6? Airplane mode better take me on vacation - @fIirtation

Ima buy the new iPhone 6. I need something new to slide under the leg of my
table to hold it up. - @TheBardockObama

i'll disown any of my friends who get an iphone 6 i can't roll with people who
carry laptops in their back pocket - @sunflouwr

*sells internal organs for an iPhone 6* - @xo_rosario

wow look its the new iphone 6 - @hurrehstiles

Now that iPhone 6 is out, you need to ask yourself, Do I really need two
kidneys? - @smileyy_smalls

iphone 5 iphone 6 - @karaguess

So excited for the Apple Watch. For centuries, we've checked the time bylooking
at our phones. Having it on your wrist? Genius. #AppleLive

- @TheEllenShow

iPhone 6 will explain in empathetic detail why it wasn't your fault that your
parents broke up why you're great. #fakeiphone6features - @StevenJBoyle

iPhone 6 got people reconsidering their priorities. "Do I NEED to eat this
month? Does my son really need new diapers?" - @RealRaymondJ

There's absolutely nothing wrong with the phone I have right now but I need the
new iPhone 6 *said by every materialistic person out there* - @BlakeErvin

The Apple Watch has a feature called a "digital crown," which is also what
you'll get when you're named King of the Dorks for wearing it. - @TheNardvark

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / (See hardcopy for photo); Associated Press Photo;  The new Apple
Watch is shown during a new product release on Tuesday in Cupertino, Calif.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              183 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     October 30, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Now own an iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus at zero down payment

LENGTH: 191  words


It has not even been a month since Apple Iphone 6 and Iphone 6 Plus went on sale
in India, and Reliance Communication seems to be already gearing up to launch
its contract-plans for the newest iPhones. RCom has listed the Zero Plans for
Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus on its website, (spotted by TelecomTalk).

RCom had introduced the Zero Plan last year with the iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C, in
which it allows users to own an iPhone under two-year contract, with a fixed
monthly rental plan for 24 months.

Under the Zero Plan contract, a user can own an iPhone 6 with an Rs 3,099
monthly rental for each month for two years, or can buy the iPhone 6 Plus on a
two-year contract with an Rs 3,599 monthly plan.

The Zero Plan contract allows users to make free unlimited voice calls (local
and roaming) and texts, and access free unlimited data, without any additional
bills for those 24 months of contract period.

These services will be included in the fixed monthly payment under the contract,
depending on variant of the iPhone.

The company has not given any information on the amount of down payment required
for the 64GB and 128GB variants of the phones.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              184 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

iPhone resellers lose big as HK supplies flood in

BYLINE: He Huifeng and Nectar Gan

SECTION: NEWS; National China News; Technology; Pg.8

LENGTH: 553 words


Dealers in the mainland's smartphone grey market say they have lost big by
betting on Apple's new iPhone 6, blaming an abundant supply from Hong Kong and
other overseas sources for bringing down prices.

In Beijing's Zhongguancun  district, a 16GB iPhone 6 sold for between 6,000 yuan
(HK$7,570) and 6,500 yuan yesterday, while the bigger iPhone 6 Plus model was
selling for around 9,000 yuan, according to vendors.

The iPhone models hit shop shelves in Hong Kong last week but a date is still to
be set for sales on the mainland.

A worker at a shop in Zhongguancun said her store bought more than 100 iPhone 6'
s and iPhone 6 Plus's from Hong Kong only to lose thousands of yuan on the deal.

"In the [Zhongguancun] market, if you have stocked the [iPhone 6], you are
losing money,"  she told the                South China Morning Post.

"The prices are dropping way too fast. Some sellers lost money while their
phones were on the plane [to Beijing]."

She said the price of an iPhone 6 Plus fell 2,000 yuan on Saturday.

The grey market price for a 16GB iPhone 6 also dropped from more than 8,000 yuan
on Monday to over 7,000 yuan on Tuesday, and to above 6,000 yuan on Wednesday,
she said.

But another Beijing vendor said there were also scalpers who had made big money
from reselling iPhone 6 models.

"Some of the ones who sold their goods quickly earned more than a million yuan,"
the vendor said.

Another vendor said: "These days, making or losing money all depends on the time
[of the handsets' arrival]. [We are] running against time."

Sellers said that supplies of the iPhone 6 were much greater than releases in
previous years, a factor that led to the rapid drop in prices.

In Shenzhen, vendors at the Huaqiangbei  commercial area said an influx of
individual sellers from Hong Kong exacerbated the price drop.

"Many mainland speculators at Huaqiangbei bought up large stocks of the phones
at high prices on Friday  and Saturday from Hong Kong. We were all shocked and
collapsed on Sunday night when we saw a number of Hong Kong people come to sell
the phones as a vendor, just in the streets in front of our shops," said Chen
Chouquan, a trader in Nokia and Apple products at Manha Digital City. "We all
lost big money because of these Hong Kong people.

"Many of them came on their own with only one or two phones and hawked them on
the street. The prices they asked are actually more competitive than most shops
here because our costs are higher."

Chen said many phones were being smuggled from other offshore markets as well,
which had also driven the  grey market prices down.

Another trader at Mingtong Digital City said: "A regular customer of mine from
Guangzhou just cancelled a deal. He wanted a 128GB iPhone 6 Plus. I told him
it's about 10,500 yuan today. He said no because he just saw a Hong Kong man ...
put a post online at [popular iPhone trading website] 51apple.com  asking only
8,500 yuan for it."

The price of a 64GB iPhone 6 in Huaqiangbei was close to 10,000 yuan on Saturday
but dropped to 7,000 on Sunday and 6,600 yuan on Tuesday at the shops there.
Chen said the grey market prices of iPhone 6s would continue to drop if more
customers in the delta and Hong Kong residents decided to trade with each other
on the streets in Huaqiangbei rather than through  a grey market agent.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:                  The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models hit shop shelves
in Hong Kong last week.                    Photo: Sam Tsang

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              185 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             hollywoodreporter.com

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Apple iPhone 6 First-Day Orders Top 4 Million

BYLINE: Natalie Jarvey

SECTION: NEWS; TAG

LENGTH: 221  words


Apple has sold a record number of its new phones during the first 24 hours of
pre-sales.

The Cupertino-based tech company announced Monday that it has received more than
four million pre-orders for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. That's double the 2
million in pre-sales for the iPhone 5 in 2012, the last time Apple released
pre-order figures.

Apple also said Monday that demand for the phones exceeds its initial supply,
which means that some customers won't receive their new devices until October.

"iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are better in every way, and we are thrilled
customers love them as much as we do," Apple CEO Tim Cook said. "Pre-orders for
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus set a new record for Apple, and we can't wait to get
our best iPhones yet into the hands of customers starting this Friday."

Apple announced Sept. 12 that pre-sales for the iPhone 6 had set a new recordfor
the company, but did not give specific sales figures. The record-breaking sales
come despite an outage on the Apple online store on the Friday morning that
pre-sales began. The websites for the major carriers also experienced delays or
outages as the result of high demand.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available for purchase on Sept. 19 at
Apple retail stores and authorized carriers.

Email: Natalie.Jarvey@THR.comTwitter: @NatJarv

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: ONLINE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                    Copyright 2014 VNU Business Media, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              186 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

iPhone resellers lose out as HK supplies flood in

BYLINE: He Huifeng and Nectar Gan

SECTION: NEWS; National China News; Technology; Pg.8

LENGTH: 554 words


Dealers in the mainland's grey market for smartphones say they have lost heavily
by betting on Apple's new iPhone 6. They blame  an abundant supply from Hong
Kong and other overseas sources for bringing down prices.

In Beijing's Zhongguancun  district, a 16GB iPhone 6 sold for between 6,000 yuan
(HK$7,570) and 6,500 yuan yesterday, while the bigger iPhone 6 Plus model was
selling for around 9,000 yuan, according to vendors.

The iPhone models hit shop shelves in Hong Kong last week but a date is still to
be set for sales on the mainland.

A worker at a shop in Zhongguancun said her store bought more than 100 iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus models from Hong Kong, only to lose thousands of yuan on the
deal.

"In the [Zhongguancun] market, if you have stocked the [iPhone 6], you are
losing money,"  she told the                South China Morning Post.

"The prices are dropping way too fast. Some sellers lost money while their
phones were on the plane [to Beijing]."

She said the price of an iPhone 6 Plus fell 2,000 yuan on Saturday.

The grey market price for a 16GB iPhone 6 also dropped from more than 8,000 yuan
on Monday to over 7,000 yuan on Tuesday, and to above 6,000 yuan on Wednesday,
she said. The 16GB version is retailing for HK$5,588 in Hong Kong through the
Apple store.

But another Beijing vendor said there were also scalpers who had made big money
from reselling iPhone 6 models.

"Some of the ones who sold their goods quickly earned more than a million yuan,"
the vendor said.

Another vendor said: "These days, making or losing money all depends on the time
[of the handsets' arrival]. [We are] racing  against time."

Sellers said that supplies of the iPhone 6 were much greater than releases in
previous years, pushing the price down.

In Shenzhen, vendors at the Huaqiangbei  commercial area said an influx of
individual sellers from Hong Kong exacerbated the price drop.

"Many mainland speculators at Huaqiangbei bought up large stocks of the phones
at high prices on Friday  and Saturday from Hong Kong. We were all shocked  ...
on Sunday night when we saw a number of Hong Kong people come to sell the phones
in the streets in front of our shops," said Chen Chouquan, a trader in Nokia and
Apple products at Manha Digital City.

"We all lost big money because of these Hong Kong people. Many of them came on
their own with only one or two phones and hawked them on the street. The prices
they asked are more competitive than most shops here, as our costs are higher."

Chen said many phones were being smuggled from other offshore markets as well,
which had also driven the grey market prices down.

Another trader at Mingtong Digital City said: "A regular customer of mine from
Guangzhou just cancelled a deal. He wanted a 128GB iPhone 6 Plus. I told him
it's about 10,500 yuan today. He said no because he just saw a Hong Kong man ...
put a post online at [popular iPhone trading website] 51apple.com  asking only
8,500 yuan for it."

The price of a 64GB iPhone 6 in Huaqiangbei was close to 10,000 yuan on Saturday
but dropped to 7,000 on Sunday and 6,600 yuan on Tuesday at the shops there.

Chen said the grey market prices of the iPhone 6 would continue to drop if more
customers in the delta and Hong Kong residents decided to trade with each other
on the street and not go through agents.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:                  The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models hit the shops in
Hong Kong last week.                    Photo: Sam Tsang

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              187 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

Eyeing an iPhone 6? Put away your wallet

BYLINE: Kaja Whitehouse

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 385 words


Pssst! Want to know how to get a free iPhone?

Thanks to the relentless wireless wars, consumers are being bombarded with
offers to grab Apple's iPhone 6 free of charge or at deeply discounted prices.

Wireless carriers - seeking to lure and retain the flood of customers expected
to upgrade their smartphones over the next few weeks - are falling over each
other to offer the best deal on the gadget before it hits store shelves on Sept.
19.

Sprint will give customers a free 16 GB iPhone 6 (worth $199) when they trade in
any used iPhone "in good working condition" and sign a two-year service
agreement.

That is "a significant enhancement" to the company's existing buyback program,
which promises up to a $300 store credit for older phones, Sprint spokeswoman
Michelle Boyd told The Post.

Verizon Wireless is also dangling a free 16GB iPhone 6 with a trade-in and
two-year contract renewal - but it applies to only the iPhone 4, 4s, 5, 5c and
5s.

T-Mobile is upping the ante by super-charging its smartphone trade-in program.
The company on Monday promised to top any trade-in offer from a competitor.
Starting Sept. 17, it will give $50 to any customer who can find a better deal
elsewhere.

Meanwhile, retailers are also offering generous trade-in deals to grab consumers
during the upgrade frenzy.

Amazon is offering $202 for people with a 16 GB black iPhone 5 in "good"
condition. That's enough to buy the 16 GB iPhone 6 (with a two-year service
contract) when it comes out next week.

It's also more than Sprint's $145 trade-in offer for the same phone, or Target's
$143.

A better phone will give you more trade-in bang for your buck. For instance, a
64 GB iPhone 5s with a Sprint contract will bring in $300 at Wednesday's prices.

That's enough to buy the 16G iPhone 6 Plus, which comes with a larger, 5.5-inch
screen, or the regular-size 64 GB iPhone 6.

Prices for old iPhones are expected to decline, however, as the iPhone 6 release
date draws near.

---

Swap-stakes

Here are three ways to ditch your current smartphone for a free iPhone 6:*

* Sprint will take any "working" iPhone.

* Verizon Wireless will swap iPhone 4 and up.

* T-Mobile to offer $50 to customers who find better deal.

* Doesn't include service agreements

kwhitehouse@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: iPhone and popping a champagne bottle. [Post photo composite]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              188 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

iPhone 6 and 6 Plus launched in China

SECTION: PHOTOS

LENGTH: 131 words


Apple's new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones finally arrived on the
Chinese mainland, the world's biggest smartphone market, on October 17.

The iPhone 6 is available in , silver and grey with a suggested retail price of
5,288 yuan ($860.16) for the cheapest model with 16GB of storage. The iPhone 6
Plus, in the same colors, costs 6,088 yuan for the cheapest model, also with
16GB of storage. The most expensive iPhone 6 Plus with 128GB storage is priced
at 7,788 yuan.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were released on Sept 19 in the United States and
elsewhere. Apple sold a record 10 million iPhone 6 hanets in the first weekend
after their launch, which excluded the Chinese mainland. Apple said its new
iPhones will be available in more than 115 countries by the end of the year.


LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              189 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

Bigger than Bigger : Apple embraces expanded iPhones

BYLINE: Michelle Quinn

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 204 words


Apple prides itself for breaking new ground, but the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6
Plus it introduced Tuesday imitates its competitors, mostly Samsung, by offering
bigger phones.

The iPhone 6 has a 4.7-inch screen. The iPhone 6 Plus has a 5.5-inch screen. The
older iPhone models isc4 inches on the diagonal. Samsungcs Galaxy is 5.7 inches.

Images of the new phones flashed behind Tim Cook, Applecs CEO, with the slogan,
cBigger than bigger.cc

Why make the switch? Some customers told that they found a bigger screen more
useful. c

Part of the reason Samsung went the route of bigger screens is because many
Asian customers often do not have home computers, relying on their phones for
their computing and Internet access. There is greater demand for the cphabletc
market, says The Guardian.

But Apple has followed others before only to completely outpace them. Think what
happened with the iPod and the MP3 players. Keeping with Applecs aesthetic, the
new iPhones are thinner.

c

Photo:cApple Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller
announces the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus during an Apple special event at
the Flint Center for the Performing Arts on Sept. 9, 2014 in Cupertino. (Justin
Sullivan/Getty Images)

c

c

c

c

c

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CUPERTINO, CA - SEPTEMBER 09: Apple Senior Vice President of Worldwide
Marketing Phil Schiller announcees the new iPhone 6 during an Apple special
event at the Flint Center for the Performing Arts on September 9, 2014 in
Cupertino, California. Apple unveiled the two new iPhones the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              190 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             October 2, 2015 Friday

Sprint option offers upgrade anytime - for a price;
iPhone Forever plan charges users a monthly fee.;
CELLPHONES

BYLINE: ByAmina Elahi

SECTION: ; Pg. SA3

LENGTH: 624 words


Sprint customers who pay a monthly fee for 22 months can now upgrade their
iPhones as often as they become available.

Will you be eligible for an upgrade when Apple announces a new iPhone or two or
- gasp! - willing to pay full price?

Compared with other smartphones, iPhones are known for their high price tags,
which fans would tell you are justified and critics would say are unreasonable.
Recently, Sprint introduced iPhone Forever, a new plan that will allow customers
to upgrade to the latest iPhones at any time by paying a monthly fee.

iPhone Forever is a 22-month leasing plan that costs $15 a month for a
16-gigabyte iPhone 6 on top of a customer's wireless and data plan if you
upgrade before Dec. 31, and it aims to eliminate waiting for the "upgrade"
opportunity that is often tied to contract renewals.

It's a followup to the iPhone for Life plan Sprint introduced in late 2014. With
that, customers could sign up for a leasing plan that would allow upgrades as
often as every 12 months.

Those who trade in a smartphone or use an existing upgrade before Dec. 31 will
see the iPhone Forever rate drop to $15 a month for the 16 gigabyte iPhone 6.
Any subsequent upgrades after that date will return the rate to the original
rate of $22 a month.

A Sprint spokeswoman said the service targets customers interested in always
having the latest iPhone. Ramon Llamas, research manager for mobile phones and
smart-phones at Framingham, Mass.-based market intelligence firm IDC, said the
plan would not benefit consumers who hold on to their iPhones for more than a
year.

"The leasing type plans, at first people hailed it as 'Here's a great new way to
pay for your smartphone,'" Llamas said. But customers sometimes don't realize
they might be paying more than what they would be for a traditional,
contract-based subsidized phone. "What it's really resulted in is some more
confusion or frustration."

Currently, customers can use iPhone Forever to get a new iPhone through Sprint
stores, its website and phone, as well as Target and Best Buy. The monthly rates
vary by model and memory.

The rates until Dec. 31, are:

? iPhone 6 (16 GB): $15.00

? iPhone 6 (64 GB): $19.77

? iPhone 6 (128 GB): $24.53

? iPhone 6 Plus (16 GB): $19.00

? iPhone 6 Plus (64 GB): $23.77

? iPhone 6 Plus (128 GB): $28.53

"We asked ourselves, 'What could we do that would move our customers forward
with the latest and greatest technology every day?'" Sprint CEO Marcelo Claure
said in a statement. "We decided: How awesome would it be if anytime customers
don't have the latest iPhone, they are eligible to upgrade, and have it be as
simple as handing us your existing iPhone and picking up a new one - all
included in your monthly rate."

But don't forget to read the fine print: Customers who want to get out of the
iPhone Forever plan before their 22 months are up will be on the hook for the
remaining lease payments. "If service or lease is cancelled early, the remaining
lease payments become due immediately and customer must return the device or pay
the purchase option," the company said.

Sprint recently fell to fourth place in national rankings based on total users,
behind T-Mobile. Llamas said the iPhone Forever plan is an attempt to "stop the
bleeding."

"This is yet another take on how a lot of other folks are coming out to retain
their customers and to attain new ones," Llamas said.

He said the Sprint plan resembles offerings from the other major carriers that
are increasingly turning to leasing as they move away from subsidizing the cost
of phones with high-cost rate plans. AT&T Next allows customers to make monthly
payments on a new smart-phone.

Verizon, the nation's biggest wireless company, recently became the latest to
end phone discounts tied to contracts.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              191 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             January 9, 2015 Friday

iPhone sales in China top US

BYLINE: JACK FREIFELDER in New York

LENGTH: 555  words


Increasing demand in China for Apple Inc's latest flagship devices, the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 plus, has spurred consumers there to buy more iPhones than their
American counterparts for the first time, data from UBS showed.

Increasing demand in China for Apple Inc's latest flagship devices, the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 plus, has spurred consumers there to buy more iPhones than their
American counterparts for the first time, data from UBS showed.

"Recent data suggest that iPhone demand saw outsized growth in China, even
finding that China could constitute as much as 35 percent of shipments in the
quarter compared with 22 percent a year ago," Steven Milunovich, an analyst with
global financial services firm UBS, wrote in a Jan 7 research note.

The US share of iPhone sales is expected to dip from 29 percent a year ago to 24
percent in the first quarter of 2015, he wrote.

Milunovich, who covers Apple for UBS, said the iPhone has seen significant gains
in the world's second-largest economy since the device was rolled out in
October.

Estimates from UBS show that Apple sold 69.3 million iPhones in the fourth
quarter of 2014, a new quarterly record for the Cupertino, California-based
multinational. The figure beat the consensus estimate of 65.5 million devices.

Apple's distribution agreement with China Mobile, the world's largest mobile
phone operator, could be one of the reasons for the uptick, Milunovich said.

"China Mobile's distribution agreement with Apple was signed in late Dec 2013
and Apple began shipping the iPhone 6/6+ in October, so it seems reasonable that
demand in China surged relative to other regions," he wrote.

In October, Apple's new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus arrived in China despite a
regulatory delay in the rollout. Heavy interest from Chinese consumers helped
Apple sell nearly 10 million units within three days of the initial sell date on
JD.com.

At the end of the third quarter of last year, the iPhone held 18.1 percent of
market share in China. In the US, nearly half of all smartphones sold (47.3
percent) were iPhones, according to international market research firm Kantar
Worldpanel.

Apple also posted its largest third-quarter sales volume figure in 2014,
according to data from the International Data Corp (IDC). The company boosted
its global smartphone shipments to more than 39 million units, second worldwide
behind Samsung Electronics Co (78 million units).

Samsung, based in Suwon, South Korea, remained the world's largest smartphone
vendor in the third quarter of 2014, with 23.7 percent of the market, followed
by Apple with 11.7 percent.

Other global players, including domestic Chinese leaders Xiaomi and Lenovo Group
Ltd have also managed to squeeze into the fray. Xiaomi and Lenovo rank third and
fourth on that list, with 5.2 percent and 5.1 percent shares, respectively.

During an October trip to China, Apple CEO Tim Cook said in an interview with
local media that "it's just a matter of time" before China "becomes Apple's
biggest revenue contributor". Cook also noted that Apple has plans to increase
the number of retail stores in China from 15 to 40 during the next few years.

Eddy Cue, Apple's senior vice-president of Internet Software and Services, said
in a November press release that China is already one of the company's largest
markets.

jackfreifelder@chinadailyusa.com

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              192 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

iPhone 6 has it all ... almost, and jury's out on battery life

BYLINE: This digital life John Davidson

SECTION: Pg. 26

LENGTH: 714 words


It's hard to come up with a metaphor, or even a simile for that matter, for what
it's like to use the iPhone 6 when three of its best five or so new features are
missing.

I'd tell you it's like trying to drive a car without brakes or a steering wheel,
only that's not right. The iPhone 6 has brakes and a steering wheel, and
luscious leather seats and cupholders and kiddie locks on the doors. As a phone
wrapped in a car metaphor, it wants for almost nothing.

I'd tell you it's like trying to fly in a plane with only two of its five
engines running, only that's not right either. As our benchmark tests of the
iPhone 6 revealed, there's absolutely nothing wrong with its engines. (Though,
sticking to aviation similes, the iPhone 6 is a little like a Qantas flight I
took coming home from Berlin last week, on which the entire right side of the
Airbus had no electrical power and I had to eat breakfast in near total
darkness. I'm still wondering if it was spinach on the side of my plate. But
more on the electrical issues anon.)

No, the only metaphor or simile I can come up with is this: reviewing the iPhone
6 is like trying to review an iPhone 6 when its promising new payments and
health systems aren't yet available, and when its Apple Watch integration is
missing a key ingredient: the watch itself. As far as similes goes, it's rather
literal.

Still, it's worth pointing out the missing features at the outset. The payments
system in particular, which will let you purchase goods just by wafting your
iPhone 6 past a cash register while holding your finger over the phone's
fingerprint scanner, could prove to be the number one reason people come back to
the iPhone. Apple Pay is the one thing that could convince me to choose an
iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus over Samsung's oh-so-appealing Note 4, but Apple Pay
is not even available in the US yet and Apple has sensibly made no promises that
it will ever make it to Australia.

So, when you read the rest of this review, keep in mind it doesn't include the
phone's best new features. And so it's saying something to describe the iPhone 6
as brilliant, and one of the best phones on the market. Screen is dazzling

The main new feature that it couldn't possibly have shipped without, its bigger,
4.7 inch screen, is dazzling. Sure, it's by no means the sharpest screen on the
market, which it probably should be, given the price of the phone, and sure it
could probably do with being a tiny bit bigger, but there's something about it
that's very appealing, something to do with the way it integrates into the body
of the phone in that elegant, almost floating way that Nokia pioneered a few
years back.

That elegant integration is probably the best overall feature of the iPhone 6,
in fact. Everything, from the ultra-slim design to the software, works together
harmoniously in a way that seems to escape other manufacturers.

Simple things - such as the way you can double tap the home button to lower the
hard-to-reach top half of the screen (so much better than the ungainly Android
counterparts) - demonstrate an attention to detail that others could learn from,
even now. The camera is still the most usable on the market.

The improved email app (technically an iOS 8 feature, rather than iPhone 6
feature) is very nice, too, and reminds me of the terrific stuff BlackBerry was
doing with email before people stopped paying attention. Though I must say, I
like email better on the iPhone 6 Plus, which has a tablet-like landscape mode
that makes better use of the iPhone's new, larger screen format.

However, I'm troubled by the battery on the iPhone 6. While it's too early to
tell you what to expect from the battery of the phone, the first signs aren't
promising. On my first full day with the phone, when I was installing and
updating apps and testing the phone heavily, the battery was dead by 4pm. On the
second day, using it only moderately, it was dead by 6.30pm, 12 hours after I
took it off the charger. Short battery life was the No.1 problem with the iPhone
5s, and while it looks like it might be a couple of hours longer on the iPhone
6, it looks like it's still not up to par.

At the end of the day, literally, that could turn out to be the right simile for
the iPhone 6. It's like trying to drive a car with a flat battery.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              193 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Eircom says 1st to sell iPhone 6;
iPhone 6

LENGTH: 210 words



HIGHLIGHT: eircom Group, which operates the Meteor and eMobile brands, today
announced it will offer the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus to customers on Friday,
September 26.


eircom Group, which operates the Meteor and eMobile brands, today announced it
will offer the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus to customers on Friday, September 26.

"We are delighted to offer the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus to our Meteor and eMobile
customers. Apple is an incredibly popular brand with our customers and the
anticipation of these new handsets has been unprecedented," Niall Dorrian,
Director of Mobile, eircom, said.

After its gala, U2-launched unveiling last night, the iPhone 6 has had
favourable reviews from the tech and consumer world.

TechRadar's Gareth Beavis said the iPhone 6 represents "a seismic shift for
Apple" - placing the iPhone in harder competition to even the best of the
Android and Windows Phone handsets on the market. Of the updated A8 processor,
Beavis said: "In terms of the performance advantage Apple has given itself, the
new A8 processor certainly seems up to the task." He was also glowing about the
phone's "sleek and rounded sides" - but worries that the slippier handset could
lead to accidents. IGN's 's Justin Rubio, too, was fulsome in his praise of the
phone's new rounded design. He said: "The rounded edges of the unibody casing
made it so my hands naturally curved around the phone." For more visit:
www.businessworld.ie

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              194 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                       June 21, 2014 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

5.5 inch iPhone 6 confirmed as LCD display panel leaks

LENGTH: 156  words


In the first major leak about Apple iPhone 6 this year, the LCD screen of the
5.5. inch iPhone 6 has leaked online.

Sonny Dickson has shared the leaked images of iPhone 6 5.5 inch with 9to5Mac.
The two pics shared are of the LCD display screen of the upcoming iPhone.
Diagonally the screen measures 14 cms (that is 5.5 inches).

Earlier this year the Chinese social networking site Weibo posted a pic of dummy
of the iPhone 6. The picture showed a profile different from the iPhone 5S, but
was similar to the iPone 5C.

Nowhereelse also posted few pictures of the upcoming iPhone 6's case showing a
thin profile, ring/silent switch button and the volume rocker on the side as
usual and sim card tray on the right side.

This leaked case was similar in looks to the iPhone 6 in the video of a 'dummy'
iPhone 6 handset.

The Apple iPhone 6 is expected to be launched in two display sizes of 4.7 inches
and 5.5 inches in September or October this year.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              195 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                     (Bits)

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Online Orders for New iPhones Exceed 4 Million

BYLINE: Brian X. Chen

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 382 words



HIGHLIGHT: The company said Monday that orders for its new iPhones &#8212; the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus &#8212; topped four million in the first 24 hours
they became available for order online. That is double the number of early
online orders for the iPhone 5 two years ago.


Early signs show that bigger iPhones are already leading to bigger sales for
Apple.

The company on Monday said that early orders for the new iPhones - the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus - topped four million in the first 24 hours that they became
available for order online over the weekend. That is double the number of early
orders that came in for the iPhone 5 when it first went on sale online two years
ago.

Both new iPhones unveiled last week are significantly larger than previous
models. The iPhone 6 screen measures 4.7 inches diagonally and the iPhone 6 Plus
screen measures 5.5 inches. The earlier iPhone 5S  had a four-inch screen. The
new phones arrive in stores on Friday.

By increasing the screen size of the iPhone, Apple was responding to a broad
market trend: Consumers, especially those in China, are gravitating toward
bigger and bigger screens on smartphones, just as they did with televisions.

Some financial analysts are optimistic that the early orders will amount to
record-breaking iPhone sales over all. Maynard Um, an analyst for Wells Fargo,
said that Apple was on track to meet expectations for sales of millions in the
"low teens" range in the first weekend. That would be much higher than the nine
million in first-weekend sales last year for the iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C.

It can be easy to lose perspective on what those numbers mean. For comparison,
Motorola Mobility shipped 6.5 million smartphones in the first three months of
the year. Apple's iPhones are expected to sell at least double that number in
just their first weekend in stores.

Toni Sacconaghi, a financial analyst for Sanford C. Bernstein, said that
although the recently introduced Apple Watch and mobile payments service may
create new revenue streams for Apple, the company's financial situation remains
fundamentally unchanged: Its financial earnings still lean heavily on sales of
the iPhone, which accounts for about 70 percent of Apple's profit.

Still, it remains unclear, Mr. Sacconaghi said in an email, whether the new
iPhones will ultimately help the company's profits.

"Can Apple sustain iPhone margins in the face of higher costs on both new phones
(larger screen, battery, more memory, better processor, etc.) and a price
increase on only the larger offering?" he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2014 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              196 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                     (Bits)

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Online Orders for New iPhones Exceed 4 Million

BYLINE: Brian X. Chen

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 382 words



HIGHLIGHT: The company said Monday that orders for its new iPhones &#8212; the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus &#8212; topped four million in the first 24 hours
they became available for order online. That is double the number of early
online orders for the iPhone 5 two years ago.


Early signs show that bigger iPhones are already leading to bigger sales for
Apple.

The company on Monday said that early orders for the new iPhones - the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus - topped four million in the first 24 hours that they became
available for order online over the weekend. That is double the number of early
orders that came in for the iPhone 5 when it first went on sale online two years
ago.

Both new iPhones unveiled last week are significantly larger than previous
models. The iPhone 6 screen measures 4.7 inches diagonally and the iPhone 6 Plus
screen measures 5.5 inches. The earlier iPhone 5S  had a four-inch screen. The
new phones arrive in stores on Friday.

By increasing the screen size of the iPhone, Apple was responding to a broad
market trend: Consumers, especially those in China, are gravitating toward
bigger and bigger screens on smartphones, just as they did with televisions.

Some financial analysts are optimistic that the early orders will amount to
record-breaking iPhone sales over all. Maynard Um, an analyst for Wells Fargo,
said that Apple was on track to meet expectations for sales of millions in the
"low teens" range in the first weekend. That would be much higher than the nine
million in first-weekend sales last year for the iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C.

It can be easy to lose perspective on what those numbers mean. For comparison,
Motorola Mobility shipped 6.5 million smartphones in the first three months of
the year. Apple's iPhones are expected to sell at least double that number in
just their first weekend in stores.

Toni Sacconaghi, a financial analyst for Sanford C. Bernstein, said that
although the recently introduced Apple Watch and mobile payments service may
create new revenue streams for Apple, the company's financial situation remains
fundamentally unchanged: Its financial earnings still lean heavily on sales of
the iPhone, which accounts for about 70 percent of Apple's profit.

Still, it remains unclear, Mr. Sacconaghi said in an email, whether the new
iPhones will ultimately help the company's profits.

"Can Apple sustain iPhone margins in the face of higher costs on both new phones
(larger screen, battery, more memory, better processor, etc.) and a price
increase on only the larger offering?" he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2014 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              197 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     September 12, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Apple targets mass market, iPhone 6 to cost cheaper this year!

LENGTH: 1592  words


Apple unveiled the Iphone 6 and Iphone 6 Plus at its event held on September 9
in California, and priced these for $199 for the iPhone 6 16GB version and $299
for the iPhone 6 Plus 16GB version, both with two year contract. These were
pretty good prices, especially if you convert these in to INR! As the prices of
the phones for the US and UK market were revealed, it was obvious for people in
markets like India to make speculation around the possible price of the newbies
in their respective countries. In our case, new iPhones price in India became a
national issue!

Taking hint from the Apple's pricing strategy in the history some people even
speculated the prices for iPhone 6 and 6 Plus to go up to a Lakh (A seller on
Ebay even priced it for that much!). The price speculation got even intense when
Apple suddenly decided to change the launch date of the phones to October 17
(the Friday before Diwali), from what it had earlier flashed to be September 27.
However, Apple seems to be indecisive about the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus debut in
India, as it now has removed the launch date information from its website in
India, leading to even more speculations being made around their launch date as
well as prices! And as usual, the company is keeping a mum about it!

We know about the features and specifications of the phones, and also know that
the new iPhones this year do not really bring much design innovation or boast
unique features, which otherwise is the 'USP' of Apple! The lack-of-innovation
factor has left many Apple fans disappointed to a great extend, and left some
completely heartbroken! (We have our sympathies with them!) But doesn't a
mediocre design, which resembles some of the Android phones, indicate something!

We ask you that what you think is the USP of the new iPhones! Is it the bigger
display or better processing power and camera or something else! Well, we
believe that it is the 'price' of the phones this time. We strongly believe that
the company will launch these phones at a surprisingly low price point in India.
Not convinced? We tell you why!

Lock it!

Last year, Apple partnered with Reliance and Airtel to launch the locked
variants of the iPhone 5S and 5C on contract basis. Under this, the company was
offering the iPhone 5S and 5C at subsidized rates under a contract model for
those buying the new iPhones from the network operator. The company was letting
consumer buy these iPhones by paying upfront costs as low as zero! As a part of
the contract, users were supposed to pay fixed monthly charges for 2 years.
Though, there were terms and conditions applied. The contact model seemed
attractive with the Own-an-iPhone-5S-or-5C-for-free, but got a mixed bag of
reactions from consumers. Apple was essentially testing if Indian consumers were
open to the idea of contract-based phones. With these contact plans in line,
Apple figured out how its consumers in India would react to its contract-based
future iPhones.

If Apple introduces the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in India on subsidized prices
this year as well, bundling better operator service plans, it could change the
market dynamics completely. The 16GB versions of the iPhone 6 priced at $199 and
iPhone 6 Plus priced at $299,w hich translates to INR 12,100 approximately and
INR 18,200 approximately respectively, before import taxes and other duties.
With taxes and duties, this would come to INR 15,000 and INR 23,000 respectively
(speculated prices). Also, considering that iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are assembled by
FoxConn in China, if Apple imports these devices directly from China it will
reduce the import duty that the company would pay otherwise for bringing the
stocks via the US. This could result in comparatively lower prices. (A little
trick indeed, which could help Apple gain a hold in Indian market!)

If introduced at such low price points, the iPhone 6 could hit the market of the
Android phones that are placed in the affordable segment, while iPhone 6 Plus
can easily beat against those priced upward of INR 20K. For the iPhone 5S which
has now been reduced to $99 (that is somewhere around INR 5000 on a simple
currency conversion), and iPhone 5C which is available for free in the US (do we
need to do a coversion here?), if launched at good prices on contract even for
two years, you can very well imagine what will happen to the budget market
curently dominated by Xiaomi RedMi 1S and Motorola Moto E.

Planned well (of course, we are talking about on-contrct iphones), Apple iPhone
6 Plus could affect the likes of Sony Xperia Z3, premium Samsung phones,
including the Alpha and Note 4, HTC One M8 and others. Apple iPhone 6 could
affect the market for the likes of Sony Xperia Z3 Compact,  Motorola's Moto X,
HTC Desire 830 and Nexus 5. The placement of iPhone 5S would hit Motorola Moto G
(2nd gen) priced at INR 12,999, Micromax's newly launched Canvas Nitro priced at
INR 12,990, Xiaomi Mi 3 priced at INR 13,999, and many other such devices in
this segment.

Why would Apple do so? Why not!

It's a different Apple this time?

With Steve Jobs as Apple's head who announced that he could go "thermonuclear on
Android" and will go everything possible to kill Android, going budget would not
have been possible. But with Tim Cook now taking the battle forward, it seems
very much on the horizon. The re-launch of a cheaper iPhone 4 8GB last year; EMI
options on iPhone last year, students discount on iPhones, regular discounts
throughout the year (aggressively after January 2014) and (1) an Android-like OS
this year (2) an Android phone like form factor this year (3) well aware of the
fact that people in India are crazy about iPhones, but it is the budget
constraint that inhibits them to go for a INR 50K phone - Apple is clearly
pitching the budget handset market. The only hindrance in Apple's approach could
be the price factor, which if strategically planned has the potential to steal
away market share from most of the popular budget players.

The Boss who could take risk and challenge

The way Tim Cook has gone bigger on an iPad, philanthropic about Apple's
manufacturing, ditching the premium design of iPhone in favor of a mediocre
design, gone to China and looking at it as its major market (which Steve Jobs
would have never done, except the love of music which connects the two Apple
executives!) - Tim Cook has emerged as a Boss who takes risks, (we can't call
him an innovator though!) and it won't be hard to accept if he decides to play
around prices this time. Well, this means he would take another risk this time
which we speculate will pay him back.

READ - 5 ingredients for a new Apple pie: Will Tim Cook become the new Innovator
of Steve Jobs' company?

Ever seen Apple as aggressive as today?

Moreover, Apple is following an aggressive marketing to improve its market
share, and that was clearly visible in its recent event. There were mainly FOUR
moves that Apple made to prove that it is targeting mid-range segment as well as
Android with its new devices.

(1) iOS8, Android Style!

The first thing to notice was that the company has somewhat simplified features
and services in its latest iOS 8 update. It seems more user-friendly, and
closely resembles Android. Be it the flatter icons, support for third party
Keyboards, iCloud Drive, improved Siri with 'Hey, Siri' voice command support to
launch the voice assistant, interactive notifications, voice message support and
location sharing support in iMessage service and more, Android already offers
similar features on its interface.

CNet says that, "They (Android fans) say imitation (by Apple) is the sincerest
form of flattery - well, many of Apple's "new" features are already available on
Google's operating system and have been for quite some time."

(2) And the mysteriously missing 'i' this time

Secondly, Apple chose to leave the 'I' behind for its new wallet service and
named it as the Apple Pay, which is a landmark statement to show that it is
creating a new identity for its services.

This could mean that the company might would want to keeps premium products and
services (without an 'I') and with the premium established brand name that
carries the 'I', go budget 'actually'.

While the 'I' stood for seamless connectivity with the 'Internet' according to
Jobs, chucking it out could also mean taking a step forward towards changing the
identity of products itself.

(3) Apple Pay: Apple way to Pay (Chuck out the Wallet please!)

The Apple Pay is put against the Android Wallet, though both are not available
in India. However, Apple's partnership with Mastercard, Visa card, and American
Express, and easy and secure transaction system could be done to make it easily
operational in emerging markets as well.

(4) We probably forgot to mention 3G market this time

As seen on the company's website, Apple would most likely partner with Aircel
and Airtel for offering on-contract iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in India, unlike
last year when it had partnered with Reliance Communications as well as Airtel.
Now the point to notice is that while Airtel has its 4G network in few cities in
India, Reliance is in the process of building a pan-India 4G network, but Aircel
is a purely 3G player, with very good presence in 2 tier markets. Apple
especially mentioned that iPhone 6 would support 20 LTE bands, it would not
really pitch only the LTE segment in India. Its possible partnership with Aircel
could mean launch in 3G markets as well, which is known to go crazy only about
budget phones.

Is not it convincing enough! Do write to us what do you think about it!

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              198 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                    February 12, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

No-bezel iPhone 6 with fingerprint scanner to be launched this year, says latest
speculation

LENGTH: 239  words


Apple's annually launched iphones do fuel a lot of rumours, speculations, and
concept designs of the upcoming model, throughout the year. The latest
speculation says, Apple might go bezel-less on the next iPhone, the iPhone 6.

"Amid the mounting rumors about the upcoming unveiling event from Samsung
Electronics later this month, fresh speculation surfaced on Tuesday that Samsung
Electronics and Apple Inc. would both roll out bezel-free phones that support
fingerprint scanning for their next-generation flagship models a the Galaxy S5
and the iPhone 6" reported the KoreaHerald yesterday.

Apple iPhone 6 pics emerge

Sony and Apple to enter into partnership?

Apple planning a 4.8 inch iPhone 6, another big screen phone to come

Bendy Galaxy S5 and flexible iPhone 6S to launch later in 2014

According to its source, Apple is also testing a prototype with bezel-less
screen and a fingerprint scanner.

"Speculation about an iPhone with an edge-to-edge display has been around for
years. The problem is, the real next-gen iPhone, aka iPhone 6, isn't due for a
long time. So, Apple could very well be testing a bezel-free design, but what
the company ultimately decides is unknown" says Cnet.

Though few concept iPhone 6 have been expecting a bezel-less display, we are yet
to come across any concrete leak. As far as the fingerprint scanner goes, we can
expect this new technology introduced with the iPhone 5S to be there on the
iPhone 6 as well.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              199 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

Thailand may gets iPhone 6 Oct 24

BYLINE: Bob James

LENGTH: 417  words


Thailand will get its chance to buy the iPhone 6 at regular prices Oct 24 when
Apple Corp officially brings its latest two devices to retailers and mobilephone
operators in the kingdom, an industry source said Tuesday.

Currently only available via greymarket resellers at exorbitant prices, the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will go on sale on Apple's online store, mobile
operators and distributors at prices ranging from 25,500 baht to 37,300 baht,
according to a source at a major Thai informationtechnology distributor. Apple
itself has not confirmed the release date.

The 4.7inch iPhone 6 will sell for 25,500 baht for a version with 16 gigabytes
of storage memory. The 64 GB model will sell for 29,400 baht and the 128 GB
version for 33,400 baht, the source said.

The 5.5inch iPhone 6 Plus "phablet" will start at 29,400 baht for the 16 GB
version, 33,400 baht for the 64 GB model and 37,300 baht for the topoftheline
128 GB iPhone 6 Plus.

The IT distributor acknowledged  but could not explain why  prices supplied to
him were higher than what the iPhone models sell for in the US, based on current
exchange rates. The quoted retail prices for the iPhone 6 are also higher than
historically charged for iPhone 4S and iPhone 5S models with the same amount of
storage.

Another industry source said this week that Thailand could have been among the
countries to receive the iPhone 6 the first day it launched, Sept 19, worldwide.
But he said public comments by an official at the National Broadcasting and
Telecommunications Commission confirming the existence of the iPhone 6 a month
before its launch dashed those chances.

NBTC secretarygeneral Takorn Tantasith announced that the NBTC had approved
Apple's application to distribute two models  identified only by number  and
then, on Aug 12, tweeted the news. Apple, notoriously secretive about
unannounced products, demanded an immediate meeting with Mr Takorn and,
according to the Thai industry source, booted Thailand down the launch list.

Thirtyone other markets will have received the latest iPhones before Thailand if
it indeed does launch here on Oct 24. China gets the devices on Oct 17.

The IT industry source suggested Apple may not have retaliated against the NBTC,
however. He said the delay could be caused by the extremely constrained supplies
of the iPhone 6 Plus, which have sold out in nearly every market. Apple
reportedly is having trouble meeting manufacturing goals for the handset, which
has been more popular than the 4.7inch model.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              200 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday

Early reviews heap praise on big-screen iPhones

BYLINE: AFP

LENGTH: 564 words


Early reviews of Apple iPhone 6 models to be released on Friday sang praises of
the large-screen handsets, proclaiming that bigger truly is better.

"The public asked for bigger and Apple delivered not only bigger but better,
too," tech news website Slash Gear said in its review.



"A stunning Retina HD display, blisteringly fast A8 processor, and class-leading
connectivity make these the best iPhones ever."

Mixed in with details about improvements to cameras and screens was advice that
would-be buyers inclined to use Apple s as, well, phones, should opt for an
iPhone 6 instead of its bigger-screened brother the iPhone 6 Plus.

"There are a couple of reasons why the Apple iPhone 6 Plus might also be too big
for me to purchase," Lauren Goode wrote in a review at Recode.net.

"But I have to admit it: I'm tempted. I really like this phone. And to people
who actually prefer huge smartphones: You are going to like this phone, too."

Reviewers said that while the iPhone 6 Plus was a weighty handful, Apple
tastefully modified the design to make it comfortable to hold and use.

TechCrunch referred to the iPhone 6 Plus as the "first truly well-designed big
smartphone."

To view more pictures of the new Apple iPhone 6, click on the link below:
http://www.timesofoman.com/PhotoGallery/apple-iphone6

Pre-orderfrenzy
NewiPhone6modelsboostscreensizesinwhatsomeseeasthecompanycatchinguptoa" phablet"
trend combining features of smartphones and tablets.

Apple's main rival Samsung has long had a range of larger handsets and is due to
soon release a new Galaxy Note 4 "phablet."

The iPhone 6 has a screen of 4.7 inches and the 6-Plus is 5.5 inches, allowing
Apple to adapt to consumers' apparent preference for bigger displays.

"Apple hasn't fumbled," David Pogue of Yahoo Tech news said in a review.

"Its two new iPhones are excellent. Beautiful. State of the art. Worthy heirs to
the iPhone throne."

Some reviewers noted that the iPhone 6 Plus is pricier than rival phablets, and
that the latest Apple smartphones cost tidy sums if prices are not offset by
telecom firms in exchange for locking into service contracts.

Apple on Monday said it had received record pre-orders for its new iPhone
models, and that some customers will have to wait for the larger-screen versions
of the smartphones.

The California tech giant said more than four million pre-orders were received
in the 24 hours after the new devices went on sale last Friday.


"Demand for the new iPhones exceeds the initial pre-order supply and while a
significant amount will be delivered to customers beginning on Friday and
throughout September, many iPhone pre-orders are scheduled to be delivered in
October," Apple said in a statement.

The announcement means Apple may see shortages and long lines at its retail
stores when sales begin on Friday.

Sales are set to open at 8 am local time in the US, Australia, Canada, France,
Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and Britain. Some 20 more
countries will get the iPhone September 26.
Some of the new iPhones will also be available from carriers and other
retailers.

Apple last Tuesday unveiled its first smartwatch and two large-screen versions
of the iPhone, in a move to recapture its role as a trend-setter.

Apple added in a new mobile wallet that will allow consumers to simply tap their
phones to pay retailers.
 Muscat Press and Publishing House SAOC 2014

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2014 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              201 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               MediAvataarME.com

                           September 14, 2014 Sunday

Etisalat To Launch iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus On September 26 In UAE

BYLINE: shnehasish@yahoo.co.in (MediavataarMe News Desk)

LENGTH: 488  words


The new devices were described by Apple CEO Tim Cook as the company's "best
phones ever made."

UAE telecom provider Etisalat has announced that it will offer Apple's newly
launched devices, the iPhone 6 and the larger iPhone 6 Plus, in just over two
weeks.

The new devices, launched at a star-studded event on September 9, were described
by Apple CEO Tim Cook as the company's "best phones ever made."

The company also unveiled a new Apple Watch, starting at $349, which can receive
phone calls and messages and includes the company's new digital wallet system.

In a short message on Twitter, Etisalat revealed that the iPhone 6 and the
iPhone 6 Plus would be available on September 26. No details were given about
the pricing of the phones or the new Watch.

On the official Apple website, the phones are available to order from September
27 in the UAE, with the iPhone 6 starting from Dhs2,599 for a 16GB device,
Dhs2,999 for 64GB and Dhs3,399 for a 128GB device. The iPhone 6 Plus is priced
Dhs2,999 (16GB), Dhs3,399 (64GB) and Dhs3,799 (128GB) 16GB.

The 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus are slimmer than their
predecessors and include features such as an A8 chip, Touch ID, faster LTE
wireless, a new 8MP iSight camera with Focus Pixels, and iOS 8 featuring
HealthKit and HomeKit.

The larger iPhone 6 Plus also includes a full HD display and comes with optical
image stabilisation, a first for Apple.

The devices will also feature a new mobile wallet system, called Apple Pay,
which will allow users to pay for products using Touch ID instead of debit or
credit cards. The new feature will roll out in October, the company confirmed.

Meanwhile, the Apple Watch, which must be paired with an iPhone, will be
available in three collections, including a sport edition and a luxury gold
edition. Prices will start from $349, when it debuts next year in the US.

The new iPhones and the Apple Watch should perform well in the UAE, retailers
believe.

"The [watch] should do well in the UAE as the fashion elements have been taken
of care of nicely," said Ashish Panjabi, COO of Jacky's Group. "Functionality,
we'll need to see once we use it."

Apple has been traditionally slow to launch its new iPhones in the UAE, with the
typical lag time anywhere between four months to a year. This has fuelled sales
on the grey market, where prices are much higher.

However, the iPhone 5S made its official UAE debut 40 days after the US launch
and local retailers hope to get the new phones faster this time around too.

"The release of an iPhone always creates great expectations as consumers look
forward to the new arrival to set new smartphone standards," said Neelesh
Bhatnagar, CEO of Emax.

"We have already had several inquiries about the availability of the iPhone 6
and 6 Plus. They are slated to hit the UAE market on September 27, 2014 and Emax
will be among the first stores to display the new devices," he said.

Source:Gulfbusiness.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1381


                       Copyright 2014 World of Media JLT
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              202 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

Apple fan frenzy as iPhone 6 hits store shelves

BYLINE: By Julia Love jmlove@mercuyrnews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; News; Business; High-Tech; Science and Tech

LENGTH: 825 words


SAN FRANCISCO -- Christmas came in September this year for Apple devotees, who
stormed the company's Bay Area stores Friday morning to buy new iPhones, though
not all got the models on their wish lists.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were met with delirious excitement by fans, many of whom
had awakened at the crack of dawn -- or even camped out -- to buy them first.
With significantly larger screens, the new iPhones help Apple match competitors
like Samsung, which have long offered devices that blur the line between
smartphones and tablets.

Hundreds of people clogged Chestnut Street in San Francisco's Marina
neighborhood, where the line to enter the Apple Store wrapped around the block.
Many were fatigued after a sleepless night in the cold, but they perked up once
they'd secured the prized phones. Raul Ramos, a 68-year-old San Francisco
resident, was jubilant as he strolled out of the store with a gold 6 Plus in
hand.

"I'm not going home to sleep," said Ramos, a retired pharmacist who has camped
out for every new model since the iPhone 3. "I'm going to be playing with it."

Like Ramos, many Apple fans on Chestnut Street set their sights on the 6 Plus,
which has a 5.5-inch screen that dwarfs Apple's previous versions. But supplies
did not last long. Reza Asadi, who spent a night of his San Francisco vacation
on the sidewalk in hopes of buying the 6 Plus, left the Apple Store
disappointed.

"After 14 hours of waiting, I didn't manage to get what I wanted," said the
40-year-old journalist and London resident, who bought a space-gray iPhone 6
instead.

Fans clustered on University Avenue in Palo Alto were treated to a visit from
CEO Tim Cook, who opened the doors of the Apple Store with a broad smile.

"Thanks to all the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus owners around the world!" he
wrote on Twitter Friday morning.

Apple unveiled the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus last week as part of a wave of new
products and services at a star-studded event in Cupertino. If supplies don't
run out, many analysts predict that Apple will sell more than 10 million iPhones
this weekend, up from 9 million during the opening weekend for the iPhone 5S and
5C last year. 451 Research analyst Carl Howe expects sales to reach 12 million
to 15 million units, noting that cities around the world have reported record
lines.

"This is a very strong launch," he said.

The devices also went up for sale in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong
Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the U.K. on Friday, and Apple will open
up sales in more than 20 additional countries next Friday.

The iPhone 6 costs $199 with a two-year contract, while the 6 Plus starts at
$299. Apart from their superior size, the phones offer sharper displays,
improved battery life and an upgraded camera, Apple has said. In addition, the
gadgets are equipped with Apple Pay, a mobile payments service that allows users
to buy items in stores with a wave of their phones.

Braving a cold and gray night in San Francisco, Apple fans were, if not
comfortable, at least well fed. Apple employees served up coffee and biscuits
for breakfast, and later in the morning, Chase representatives dressed in shirts
that read "#feedtheline" doled out burritos.

Fans slept at their own peril. Kelly Sanders, a 22-year-old nurse who came to
trade her iPhone 5S for a 6 Plus, said she dozed off in the wee hours of the
morning with about 20 people ahead of her in line. She woke up two hours later
to find some 40 people standing between her and the doors of the Apple Store.

With rampant cutting in line, "you couldn't shut your eyes," said Sanders, who
was visiting from Las Vegas.

People in line said tensions flared during the night between die-hard Apple fans
and people who planned to resell the devices on the booming gray market. San
Francisco photographer Diane Rieger, 32, said she agreed to buy the phone for a
local startup, and expected to take home about $500 for her work. But she was
dismayed by the resellers' behavior.

"I'm worried about humanity," she said. "Forget the phone -- don't be that kind
of person."

Tony Ring-Dowell, a four-year veteran of the iPhone line, agreed that the scene
was more cutthroat this year. But by the time he strode out of the Apple Store
with a pair of iPhone 6s, he said he was "elated."

"This year I'm even more excited because the phone is so different and I waited
much longer for it," said Ring-Dowell, who lives in Daly City.

Shaun Johnson, who works on PayPal's mobile team, said he felt confident
springing for the 5.5-inch 6 Plus after test-driving a cardboard model of the
device that was circulating the line. Though he had to show up shortly after 5
p.m. Thursday to claim the device, Johnson and those he befriended in line found
a place to seek refuge.

"We spent most of the night in a wine bar," the 35-year-old San Francisco
resident said.

Staff writer Patrick May contributed to this story. Contact Julia Love at
408-920-5536. Follow her at Twitter.com/byJuliaLove .

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PALO ALTO, CA - SEPTEMBER 19: Apple CEO Tim Cook (L) takes a selfie
photo with a man waiting in line to buy the new iPhone 6 at an Apple Store on
September 19, 2014 in Palo Alto, California. Hundreds of people lined up to
purchase the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus that went on sale today. (Photo by
Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
PALO ALTO, CA - SEPTEMBER 19: Apple CEO Tim Cook (C) takes a selfie photo with a
people waiting in line to buy the new iPhone 6 at an Apple Store on September
19, 2014 in Palo Alto, California. Hundreds of people lined up to purchase the
new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus that went on sale today. (Photo by Justin
Sullivan/Getty Images)
PALO ALTO, CA - SEPTEMBER 19: Apple CEO Tim Cook greets customers at an Apple
Store as sales begin for the new iPhone 6 on September 19, 2014 in Palo Alto,
California. Hundreds of people lined up to purchase the new iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus that went on sale today. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
SYDNEY, AUSTRALIA - SEPTEMBER 19: Jasmine Juan and David Rahimi travelled from
California to the Sydney Apple Store to be the first in the world to lay hands
on the new iPhone 6 at Apple Store on September 19, 2014 in Sydney, Australia.
Australian buyers get first dibs because of the local time zone, which is
several hours ahead of the US and other parts of the world. (Photo by Cole
Bennetts/Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              203 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                      Khaleej Times (United Arab Emirates)

                           September 28, 2014 Sunday

iPhone 6? Please be patient, retailers say

LENGTH: 396 words


Top retailers in the UAE started new iPhone sales from Saturday midnight and all
stocks sold within two hours

Dubai -- Gitex Shopper disappointed Apple fans as the latest iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus were not available at the power retailers on the first day of the show
and these new devices are not going to be available for the next three days,
according to top exhibitors.

Top retailers in the UAE started new iPhone sales from Saturday midnight and all
stocks sold within two hours and that's the reason Sharaf DG, Emax, Jacky's
Jumbo and Plug Ins didn't have stocks for Gitex Shopper.

Only telecom operators etisalat and du were busy in selling new iPhones with
their own data and voice packages at the show.

"It was launched at Friday midnight at six Emax stores in Dubai, Sharjah and Abu
Dhabi and all sold out. It looks difficult to bring iPhone 6 and Plus during
Gitex or may be for the last two days," Emax chief executive officer Neelesh
Bhatnagar told Khaleej Times.

"This time it [new iPhones] has been launched in many more countries compared to
last launch and that's why allocation has been a little less," Bhatnagar added.

Nadeem Khanzadah, head of retail at Jumbo Electronics, said: "Yesterday [Friday]
we kept our stores opened until 2am and every single iPhone has been sold out.
We could have sold 10 times more, if we had more stocks. Once more stocks
arrive, it will be available with and without data package."

Nilesh Khalkho, chief executive officer of Sharaf DG, said: "We had midnight
launch yesterday [Friday] and sold around 1,900 new iPhones. Next stock is
expected to come on Monday [today]."

At etisalat, iPhone 6 is available starting at zero dirham upfront for the 16GB
model and iPhone 6 Plus is also available starting at zero dirham upfront for
the 16GB model. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are the biggest advancements in
iPhone history, featuring two new models with stunning 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch
Retina HD displays, and packed with innovative technologies in an all-new
dramatically thin and seamless design that is still comfortable to hold and easy
to use. Both models are better in every way and include: the Apple-designed A8
chip with second generation 64-bit desktop-class architecture for blazing fast
performance and power efficiency; advanced iSight and FaceTime HD cameras; and
ultrafast wireless technologies. - abdulbasit@khaleejtimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 44


   Copyright 2014 Khaleej Times - Galadari Printing and Publishing Co. L.L.C.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              204 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Apple iPhone 6 with 16GB memory will cost OMR540 in Oman

BYLINE: Rejimon K

LENGTH: 330 words


Muscat:Apple fans in Oman planning to buy the new iPhone series will have to pay
more than OMR500 and up to OMR900, traders who have got the price list said.


"The price list we have got from dealers in Dubai shows that the iPhone 6 16GB
version will cost OMR540 and iPhone 6 plus 16GB version will cost OMR680," a
sales representative at Smart Zone, said.
Apple last week unveiled the two latest models in its iPhone series, both of
which boast a larger screen, in a bid to recapture its role as a technological
trend-setter and many in Oman are waiting to own the new handsets.
According to the trader, iPhone 6 16GB will cost OMR540, 64GB OMR590 and 128GB
will cost OMR640.
Meanwhile, iPhone 6 plus 16GB will cost OMR680, 64GB OMR790 and 128GB will cost
OMR890.
Click on the link below to view Apple iPhone 6 photo gallery:
http://www.timesofoman.com/photogallery/Apple-iPhone-6
" These are the initial prices sent by the dealers in Dubai. Now, we have to get
Telecom Regulatory Authority (TRA) permission for sales. Most probably, the new
iPhones will be available by the last week of this month," the sales
representative added.
Apple's online store crashed under the weight of demand from fans hoping to
pre-order one of the new iPhone 6 models launched this week.
The company announced it would take pre-orders, but within minutes it had begun
displaying "We'll be back" messages in several languages. Twitter users reported
problems with sites around the world before the service appeared to be restored
after 30 minutes.
It is the second time this week Apple's site has crashed under strong demand.
Meanwhile, people who were lucky enough to have secured pre-orders for the first
iPhone 6 shipments are now selling them on eBay at more than $1000 than they
paid for them.
According to Apple's official US website, the price of iPhone 6 16GB is at
US$199 for US customers while the iPhone 6 Plus 16GB will be at US$299 with a
two-year contract. Muscat Press and Publishing House SAOC 2014

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2014 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              205 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday

Here's why Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus may win the race with premium
smartphones

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 543 words


NEW DELHI: Apple's new devices - iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus - are expected to
corner a chunk of the premium market when they are introduced in India on the
back of pent up aspirational demand.

The Cupertino-based company's new gadgets could beat back competition from
upcoming launches by leading brands such as Samsung, Sony and BlackBerry in this
low-volume, high-value category of smartphones, say analysts.

The brand's iconic status - besides features such as a larger, crisper screen,
faster processor, better camera and onboard storage of as much as 128 GB - will
continue to draw consumers, analysts add.

"Success of upcoming flagship devices such as iPhone 6 series, BlackBerry and
Xperia Z3 will be quite polarised towards iPhones as the rich urban consumer
will look to get her hands on the most aspirational brand in the market right
now, which is Apple," said Tarun Pathak, a senior research analyst at Hong
Kong-based Counterpoint Research.

Of the two, the iPhone 6 Plus with a 5.5-inch display could fare better, given
the demand for handsets with larger screen sizes, analysts said.

While there is uncertainty over whether Apple will start selling the new iPhones
in India before or after Diwali, Samsung is set to launch its Note 4 phablet
before the festival of lights. Although the India prices for the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus have not been officially disclosed, they are available in Delhi's
grey market for between Rs 1,00,000 and Rs 2,00,000, three to four times the
expected price, and an indication of the huge interest in the products.

The unlocked, 128 GB iPhone 6 Plus costs $949 (about Rs 58,600) in the US,
according to Apple's website.

However, launch delays and supply issues given the huge global demand and
"exorbitant pricing" could affect demand for the new iPhones for at least the
next two or three months, Pathak cautioned, indicating that if Apple missed the
upcoming festival season, competitors such as Samsung and Sony could steal a
march over it in the near term. Apple sold over 10 million iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus models in the three days after the launch on September 19.

Sony started sales of flagship products Xperia Z3 and Xperia Z3 Compact last
week at Rs 51,990 and Rs 44,990, respectively, while Black-Berry launched its
Passport smartphone on Monday for Rs 49,990. Samsung introduced the Galaxy ALPHA
smartphone for Rs 39,990 last week.

The new and upcoming launches, which showcase technological advancements and
innovations, could provide a fillip to growth in the premium segment of
smartphones, which start at Rs 35,000. Sony has improved its display, hardware
and design over the Z2, while Samsung brought a steel-bodied phone for the first
time in the Galaxy Alpha. BlackBerry's Passport offers a unique square display,
which allows greater reading space, apart from an innovative touch-enabled
keyboard that combines a physical keypad with virtual keypad functions.

According to Counterpoint Research, the market share of smartphones above Rs
35,000 was limited to 2.5% in the first quarter till March and fell to 2.3% by
June. The decline was mainly blamed on the lack of innovation, which wasn't
appealing enough for consumers to replace their already expensive handsets.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              206 of 999 DOCUMENTS



          NewsMail and Rural Weekly (Wide Bay, Bundaberg, Queensland)

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

But which is best?

SECTION: Pg. 15

LENGTH: 521  words



HIGHLIGHT: Apple's newly released iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are put through
their paces

The Verdict

Reasons to go with iPhone 6 Plus:

Full HD screen - one with 1920 x 1080 pixels.

Turn the phone on its side and the home screen turns with you.

Photos and video playback look better.

The eight-megapixel snapper's optical image stabilisation is more sophisticated
and effective.

Bigger battery which just keeps going.

Best for bigger mitts or greedier eyes.

APPLE fans suffering Android envy over bigger screen sizes have finally been put
out of their misery.

But the question many will be asking themselves now is the bigger iPhone 6 Plus
really better?

When Apple released the 5s and 5c last year, the choice was a bit simpler, as
the two phones easily split into "premium" and "budget" tiers.

With the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus it's a tougher call, as the stylings and specs are
almost identical.

Ultimately, however, the decision comes down to what you use your phone for.

The iPhone 6 offers a 4.7-inch screen and weighs 129grams, while the 6 Plus has
a 5.5-inch screen and weighs 172grams.

Both are significantly larger and heavier than the iPhone 5s (a 4-inch screen
and 112grams), although the 5s is thicker by at least 0.5mm.

We've tried out both the new iPhones and although it's fair to say that while
the 6 Plus feels pretty comfortable in the hand - those new rounded corners help
a lot - the size of the larger device will surprise people who are used to the
older models.

Before you dismiss the 6 Plus though, it's worth remembering that the larger
screen size offers a number of other advantages, including bigger battery life,
better optical image stabilisation and a new landscape mode for the home screen
and certain apps (email and messages for example) when held horizontally.

Price is also a consideration of course.

Pricing for the 16GB model iPhone 6 starts at $869. There is a $999 cost for the
64GB model, while the new 128GB model is $1129.

iPhone 6 Plus starts at $999 for the 16GB model, $1129 for the 64GB model and
$1249 for the new 128GB model.

Both models come with the new, faster A8 processor and M8 processor, and arrive
kitted out with Apple's new iOS 8 operating system.

So perhaps the better question is not which size are you more comfortable with,
but what do you use your iPhone for?

If you mainly use it for, you know, making calls, sending texts and a bit of
light entertainment on your commute then you're probably better off sticking
with the 4.7-inch iPhone 6.

If you tend to do a lot of work on your iPhone (sorting through a mass of
emails, for example) or are a keen photographer then it's definitely worth
thinking about the 6 Plus, especially if you don't already have an iPad or iPad
mini.

The new iPhone takes its design cues from the iPad, with larger volume buttons
and rounded corners. The iPhone 6 meanwhile is a tad smaller than most other
Android flagship models, including the Galaxy S5 (5.1-inch), the HTC One M8
(5-inch) and Moto X (5.2-inch).

The best advice is to go into a store and see for yourself which is more
comfortable - try navigating around the screen and slipping the device into your
pocket. Just remember to pay for it before you walk out.

- With the INDEPENDENT

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BNM


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              207 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday

World Patent Marketing Gets Ready for the iPhone 6 Launch

LENGTH: 330  words

DATELINE: New York


New York County Lawyers' Association has issued the following news release:

World Patent Marketing assists inventors with their mobile application ideas
through intellectual property protection and mobile application development.

World Patent Marketing offers patent assistance services as well as superior and
interactive mobile app development for iPhones, iPads and Android devices and
whatever comes next!

The Apple iPhone 6 goes on sale September 19, 2014.   Friday's launch of the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will kick off in US, Australia, Canada, France,
Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the UK. Twenty more
countries will be added Sept. 26.

The biggest difference between the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus is screen size.
The iPhone 6 Plus's larger display  can prove helpful for folks with vision
problems.  Both the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are getting all-new iSight
cameras with 8-megapixel sensors, improved autofocus, and larger pixels.

According to Bill Flanagan, VP of Public Relations, "We have seen an
overwhelming increase in mobile app development patent applications this year.
We expect this trend to continue with the release of the new Apple iPhone 6."

About World Patent Marketing:  World Patent Marketing is the world's leading
patent authority. The company's people, approach, knowledge and global
relationships with key players in the invention industry add value to everything
they do.  World Patent Marketing employs and contracts with over 350 people
across four continents. They have received accredited business status and an A
Rating from the Better Business Bureau.  WorldPatentMarketing.com has been
awarded a five star review rating from Google.  It is also a member of the US
Chamber of Commerce, the Association for Manufacturing Excellence and the
International Licensing Industry Merchandiser's Association.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              208 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Apple discontinues iPhone 5s, 6 and 6 Plus after iPhone 7 launch in India

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 436 words


NEW DELHI: Seems Apple is changing its India strategy. For the first time ever,
the US-based technology giant has discontinued its two-year older models in
India. Apple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and older models have disappeared from the
company's India website.

This comes just hours after Apple launched its brand new iPhones -- iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus, at an event in San Francisco, California.Apart from the newly
launched iPhones, the listing on Apple India's website currently shows iPhone
6s, iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone SE. While iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus launched in
India last October, the company launched iPhone SE globally in March this year.
The smartphone was launched in India in April 2016.Incidentally, while the
discontinuation of older models is a first for India, Apple has been following
this practice in the US for past many years. Even though Apple has removed
iPhones older than two-generations from its India website, these models will
likely continue to be available on third-party e-commerce websites and retail
stores in India.Along with the discontinuing the older models, Apple has also
given a storage bump to its last year's iPhone models - iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s
Plus. These models will no longer be available in 16GB and 64GB versions. The
new storage options available in these iPhones are 32GB and 128GB.Apple,
however, has retained the 16GB model in iPhone SE, which will continue to be
available in 16GB and 64GB storage options. As for the all-new iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus, these will come in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB variants.The new iPhones
will launch in India on October 7 and will have a starting price of Rs 60,000.On
the specifications front, the iPhone 7 features a 4.7-inch display with 3D
Touch, whereas the iPhone 7 Plus has a 5.5-inch Retina HD display (again, with
3D Touch). Running iOS 10, both smartphones are powered by a new, Apple-designed
quad-core A10 Fusion processor. The company claims that the new CPU is 40%
faster than its predecessor - A9, which powers the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s
Plus.Apple iPhone 7 has a 12MP iSight camera with 6-element lens, f/1.8
aperture, high-speed sensor, 4K video recording and a Quad-LED two-tone flash.
On the other hand, the iPhone 7 Plus has dual 12MP rear cameras (one wide-angle
with f/1.8 aperture and other telephoto with f/2.8 aperture for depth-of-field)
along with Quad-LED flash.Another new feature hitting the iPhone models is water
and dust resistance. Both smartphones have a new Home button which is now
touch-sensitive and uses a new Taptic Engine for better response.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              209 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                      August 21, 2015 Friday 01:49 PM EST

iPhone 6s: Say goodbye to bendgate

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 310  words


Click for image

In what's become something of a head-scratching tradition, Apple's iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus launch last year was accompanied by a completely overblown scandal
known as 'bendgate.'

If you recall, news stories alleging that the iPhone 6 was prone to bending
seemingly sprouted up out of nowhere last year. And while the story certainly
generated its fair share of press online, the number of actual reported cases of
people bending their iPhones was so small as to be wholly insignificant. But as
tends to be the case, whenever a news story puts Apple in a negative light, the
tech press can't help but run with it and proclaim that Apple has lost its mojo.

In a statement addressing the scandal that truly wasn't, Apple last September
said the following:

Our iPhones are designed, engineered and manufactured to be both beautiful and
sturdy. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus feature a precision engineered unibody
enclosure constructed from machining a custom grade of 6000 series anodized
aluminum, which is tempered for extra strength.

Apple also added that during the first six days of availability, the company
only received 9 complaints regarding bent iPhone models.

Well, with the iPhone 6s launch looming, it appears that Apple has taken steps
to reduce that number to zero.

For starters, we've already seen rumors that Apple with the iPhone 6s has opted
to use 7000 Series aluminum, resulting in a more sturdy construction than what
we saw with the iPhone 6. Simply put, even trying to bend the iPhone 6s on
purpose may be an exercise in futility.

Highlighting this, a recent video purporting to showcase an iPhone 6s metal
casing being put to the test demonstrates just how sturdy Apple's next-gen
iPhone will be. I suppose now the question becomes -- what type of overblown
scandal will we see once the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus launch this September.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              210 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Central Queensland News

                               September 24, 2014

But which is best?

SECTION: Pg. 31

LENGTH: 521  words



HIGHLIGHT: Apple's newly released iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are put through
their paces

The Verdict

Reasons to go with iPhone 6 Plus:

Full HD screen - one with 1920 x 1080 pixels.

Turn the phone on its side and the home screen turns with you.

Photos and video playback look better.

The eight-megapixel snapper's optical image stabilisation is more sophisticated
and effective.

Bigger battery which just keeps going.

Best for bigger mitts or greedier eyes.

APPLE fans suffering Android envy over bigger screen sizes have finally been put
out of their misery.

But the question many will be asking themselves now is the bigger iPhone 6 Plus
really better?

When Apple released the 5s and 5c last year, the choice was a bit simpler, as
the two phones easily split into "~premium' and "~budget' tiers.

With the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus it's a tougher call, as the stylings and specs are
almost identical.

Ultimately, however, the decision comes down to what you use your phone for.

The iPhone 6 offers a 4.7-inch screen and weighs 129grams, while the 6 Plus has
a 5.5-inch screen and weighs 172grams.

Both are significantly larger and heavier than the iPhone 5s (a 4-inch screen
and 112grams), although the 5s is thicker by at least 0.5mm.

We've tried out both the new iPhones and although it's fair to say that while
the 6 Plus feels pretty comfortable in the hand - those new rounded corners help
a lot - the size of the larger device will surprise people who are used to the
older models.

Before you dismiss the 6 Plus though, it's worth remembering that the larger
screen size offers a number of other advantages, including bigger battery life,
better optical image stabilisation and a new landscape mode for the home screen
and certain apps (email and messages for example) when held horizontally.

Price is also a consideration of course.

Pricing for the 16GB model iPhone 6 starts at $869. There is a $999 cost for the
64GB model, while the new 128GB model is $1129.

iPhone 6 Plus starts at $999 for the 16GB model, $1129 for the 64GB model and
$1249 for the new 128GB model.

Both models come with the new, faster A8 processor and M8 processor, and arrive
kitted out with Apple's new iOS 8 operating system.

So perhaps the better question is not which size are you more comfortable with,
but what do you use your iPhone for?

If you mainly use it for, you know, making calls, sending texts and a bit of
light entertainment on your commute then you're probably better off sticking
with the 4.7-inch iPhone 6.

If you tend to do a lot of work on your iPhone (sorting through a mass of
emails, for example) or are a keen photographer then it's definitely worth
thinking about the 6 Plus, especially if you don't already have an iPad or iPad
mini.

The new iPhone takes its design cues from the iPad, with larger volume buttons
and rounded corners. The iPhone 6 meanwhile is a tad smaller than most other
Android flagship models, including the Galaxy S5 (5.1-inch), the HTC One M8
(5-inch) and Moto X (5.2-inch).

The best advice is to go into a store and see for yourself which is more
comfortable - try navigating around the screen and slipping the device into your
pocket. Just remember to pay for it before you walk out.

- With the INDEPENDENT

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RCQ


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              211 of 999 DOCUMENTS



               South Burnett Times and Rural Weekly (Queensland)

                               September 23, 2014

But which is best?

SECTION: Pg. 43

LENGTH: 521  words



HIGHLIGHT: Apple's newly-released iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are put through
their paces

The Verdict

Reasons to go with iPhone 6 Plus:

Full HD screen - one with 1920 x 1080 pixels.

Turn the phone on its side and the home screen turns with you.

Photos and video playback look better.

The eight-megapixel snapper's optical image stabilisation is more sophisticated
and effective.

Bigger battery which just keeps going.

Best for bigger mitts or greedier eyes.

APPLE fans suffering Android envy over bigger screen sizes have finally been put
out of their misery.

But the question many will be asking themselves now is the bigger iPhone 6 Plus
really better?

When Apple released the 5s and 5c last year, the choice was a bit simpler, as
the two phones easily split into "~premium' and "~budget' tiers.

With the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus it's a tougher call, as the stylings and specs are
almost identical.

Ultimately, however, the decision comes down to what you use your phone for.

The iPhone 6 offers a 4.7-inch screen and weighs 129grams, while the 6 Plus has
a 5.5-inch screen and weighs 172grams.

Both are significantly larger and heavier than the iPhone 5s (a 4-inch screen
and 112grams), although the 5s is thicker by at least 0.5mm.

We've tried out both the new iPhones and although it's fair to say that while
the 6 Plus feels pretty comfortable in the hand - those new rounded corners help
a lot - the size of the larger device will surprise people who are used to the
older models.

Before you dismiss the 6 Plus though, it's worth remembering that the larger
screen size offers a number of other advantages, including bigger battery life,
better optical image stabilisation and a new landscape mode for the home screen
and certain apps (email and messages for example) when held horizontally.

Price is also a consideration of course.

Pricing for the 16GB model iPhone 6 starts at $869. There is a $999 cost for the
64GB model, while the new 128GB model is $1129.

iPhone 6 Plus starts at $999 for the 16GB model, $1129 for the 64GB model and
$1249 for the new 128GB model.

Both models come with the new, faster A8 processor and M8 processor, and arrive
kitted out with Apple's new iOS 8 operating system.

So perhaps the better question is not which size are you more comfortable with,
but what do you use your iPhone for?

If you mainly use it for, you know, making calls, sending texts and a bit of
light entertainment on your commute then you're probably better off sticking
with the 4.7-inch iPhone 6.

If you tend to do a lot of work on your iPhone (sorting through a mass of
emails, for example) or are a keen photographer then it's definitely worth
thinking about the 6 Plus, especially if you don't already have an iPad or iPad
mini.

The new iPhone takes its design cues from the iPad, with larger volume buttons
and rounded corners. The iPhone 6 meanwhile is a tad smaller than most other
Android flagship models, including the Galaxy S5 (5.1-inch), the HTC One M8
(5-inch) and Moto X (5.2-inch).

The best advice is to go into a store and see for yourself which is more
comfortable - try navigating around the screen and slipping the device into your
pocket. Just remember to pay for it before you walk out.

- With the INDEPENDENT

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KSB


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              212 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                   Daily Examiner (Grafton, New South Wales)

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

But which is best?

SECTION: Pg. 17

LENGTH: 521  words



HIGHLIGHT: Apple's newly-released iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are put through
their paces

The Verdict

Reasons to go with iPhone 6 Plus:

Full HD screen - one with 1920 x 1080 pixels.

Turn the phone on its side and the home screen turns with you.

Photos and video playback look better.

The eight-megapixel snapper's optical image stabilisation is more sophisticated
and effective.

Bigger battery which just keeps going.

Best for bigger mitts or greedier eyes.

APPLE fans suffering Android envy over bigger screen sizes have finally been put
out of their misery.

But the question many will be asking themselves now is the bigger iPhone 6 Plus
really better?

When Apple released the 5s and 5c last year, the choice was a bit simpler, as
the two phones easily split into "~premium' and "~budget' tiers.

With the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus it's a tougher call, as the stylings and specs are
almost identical.

Ultimately, however, the decision comes down to what you use your phone for.

The iPhone 6 offers a 4.7-inch screen and weighs 129grams, while the 6 Plus has
a 5.5-inch screen and weighs 172grams.

Both are significantly larger and heavier than the iPhone 5s (a 4-inch screen
and 112grams), although the 5s is thicker by at least 0.5mm.

We've tried out both the new iPhones and although it's fair to say that while
the 6 Plus feels pretty comfortable in the hand - those new rounded corners help
a lot - the size of the larger device will surprise people who are used to the
older models.

Before you dismiss the 6 Plus though, it's worth remembering that the larger
screen size offers a number of other advantages, including bigger battery life,
better optical image stabilisation and a new landscape mode for the home screen
and certain apps (email and messages for example) when held horizontally.

Price is also a consideration of course.

Pricing for the 16GB model iPhone 6 starts at $869. There is a $999 cost for the
64GB model, while the new 128GB model is $1129.

iPhone 6 Plus starts at $999 for the 16GB model, $1129 for the 64GB model and
$1249 for the new 128GB model.

Both models come with the new, faster A8 processor and M8 processor, and arrive
kitted out with Apple's new iOS 8 operating system.

So perhaps the better question is not which size are you more comfortable with,
but what do you use your iPhone for?

If you mainly use it for, you know, making calls, sending texts and a bit of
light entertainment on your commute then you're probably better off sticking
with the 4.7-inch iPhone 6.

If you tend to do a lot of work on your iPhone (sorting through a mass of
emails, for example) or are a keen photographer then it's definitely worth
thinking about the 6 Plus, especially if you don't already have an iPad or iPad
mini.

The new iPhone takes its design cues from the iPad, with larger volume buttons
and rounded corners. The iPhone 6 meanwhile is a tad smaller than most other
Android flagship models, including the Galaxy S5 (5.1-inch), the HTC One M8
(5-inch) and Moto X (5.2-inch).

The best advice is to go into a store and see for yourself which is more
comfortable - try navigating around the screen and slipping the device into your
pocket. Just remember to pay for it before you walk out.

- With the INDEPENDENT

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EDE


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              213 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                      Fraser Coast Chronicle (Queensland)

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

But which is best?

SECTION: Pg. 13

LENGTH: 521  words



HIGHLIGHT: Apple's newly-released iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are put through
their paces

The Verdict

Reasons to go with iPhone 6 Plus:

Full HD screen - one with 1920 x 1080 pixels.

Turn the phone on its side and the home screen turns with you.

Photos and video playback look better.

The eight-megapixel snapper's optical image stabilisation is more sophisticated
and effective.

Bigger battery which just keeps going.

Best for bigger mitts or greedier eyes.

APPLE fans suffering Android envy over bigger screen sizes have finally been put
out of their misery.

But the question many will be asking themselves now is the bigger iPhone 6 Plus
really better?

When Apple released the 5s and 5c last year, the choice was a bit simpler, as
the two phones easily split into "~premium' and "~budget' tiers.

With the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus it's a tougher call, as the stylings and specs are
almost identical.

Ultimately, however, the decision comes down to what you use your phone for.

The iPhone 6 offers a 4.7-inch screen and weighs 129grams, while the 6 Plus has
a 5.5-inch screen and weighs 172grams.

Both are significantly larger and heavier than the iPhone 5s (a 4-inch screen
and 112grams), although the 5s is thicker by at least 0.5mm.

We've tried out both the new iPhones and although it's fair to say that while
the 6 Plus feels pretty comfortable in the hand - those new rounded corners help
a lot - the size of the larger device will surprise people who are used to the
older models.

Before you dismiss the 6 Plus though, it's worth remembering that the larger
screen size offers a number of other advantages, including bigger battery life,
better optical image stabilisation and a new landscape mode for the home screen
and certain apps (email and messages for example) when held horizontally.

Price is also a consideration of course.

Pricing for the 16GB model iPhone 6 starts at $869. There is a $999 cost for the
64GB model, while the new 128GB model is $1129.

iPhone 6 Plus starts at $999 for the 16GB model, $1129 for the 64GB model and
$1249 for the new 128GB model.

Both models come with the new, faster A8 processor and M8 processor, and arrive
kitted out with Apple's new iOS 8 operating system.

So perhaps the better question is not which size are you more comfortable with,
but what do you use your iPhone for?

If you mainly use it for, you know, making calls, sending texts and a bit of
light entertainment on your commute then you're probably better off sticking
with the 4.7-inch iPhone 6.

If you tend to do a lot of work on your iPhone (sorting through a mass of
emails, for example) or are a keen photographer then it's definitely worth
thinking about the 6 Plus, especially if you don't already have an iPad or iPad
mini.

The new iPhone takes its design cues from the iPad, with larger volume buttons
and rounded corners. The iPhone 6 meanwhile is a tad smaller than most other
Android flagship models, including the Galaxy S5 (5.1-inch), the HTC One M8
(5-inch) and Moto X (5.2-inch).

The best advice is to go into a store and see for yourself which is more
comfortable - try navigating around the screen and slipping the device into your
pocket. Just remember to pay for it before you walk out.

- With the INDEPENDENT

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FFC


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              214 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                 The Morning Bulletin (Rockhampton, Queensland)

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

But which is best?

SECTION: Pg. 19

LENGTH: 521  words



HIGHLIGHT: Apple's newly-released iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are put through
their paces

The Verdict

Reasons to go with iPhone 6 Plus:

Full HD screen - one with 1920 x 1080 pixels.

Turn the phone on its side and the home screen turns with you.

Photos and video playback look better.

The eight-megapixel snapper's optical image stabilisation is more sophisticated
and effective.

Bigger battery which just keeps going.

Best for bigger mitts or greedier eyes.

APPLE fans suffering Android envy over bigger screen sizes have finally been put
out of their misery.

But the question many will be asking themselves now is the bigger iPhone 6 Plus
really better?

When Apple released the 5s and 5c last year, the choice was a bit simpler, as
the two phones easily split into "~premium' and "~budget' tiers.

With the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus it's a tougher call, as the stylings and specs are
almost identical.

Ultimately, however, the decision comes down to what you use your phone for.

The iPhone 6 offers a 4.7-inch screen and weighs 129grams, while the 6 Plus has
a 5.5-inch screen and weighs 172grams.

Both are significantly larger and heavier than the iPhone 5s (a 4-inch screen
and 112grams), although the 5s is thicker by at least 0.5mm.

We've tried out both the new iPhones and although it's fair to say that while
the 6 Plus feels pretty comfortable in the hand - those new rounded corners help
a lot - the size of the larger device will surprise people who are used to the
older models.

Before you dismiss the 6 Plus though, it's worth remembering that the larger
screen size offers a number of other advantages, including bigger battery life,
better optical image stabilisation and a new landscape mode for the home screen
and certain apps (email and messages for example) when held horizontally.

Price is also a consideration of course.

Pricing for the 16GB model iPhone 6 starts at $869. There is a $999 cost for the
64GB model, while the new 128GB model is $1129.

iPhone 6 Plus starts at $999 for the 16GB model, $1129 for the 64GB model and
$1249 for the new 128GB model.

Both models come with the new, faster A8 processor and M8 processor, and arrive
kitted out with Apple's new iOS 8 operating system.

So perhaps the better question is not which size are you more comfortable with,
but what do you use your iPhone for?

If you mainly use it for, you know, making calls, sending texts and a bit of
light entertainment on your commute then you're probably better off sticking
with the 4.7-inch iPhone 6.

If you tend to do a lot of work on your iPhone (sorting through a mass of
emails, for example) or are a keen photographer then it's definitely worth
thinking about the 6 Plus, especially if you don't already have an iPad or iPad
mini.

The new iPhone takes its design cues from the iPad, with larger volume buttons
and rounded corners. The iPhone 6 meanwhile is a tad smaller than most other
Android flagship models, including the Galaxy S5 (5.1-inch), the HTC One M8
(5-inch) and Moto X (5.2-inch).

The best advice is to go into a store and see for yourself which is more
comfortable - try navigating around the screen and slipping the device into your
pocket. Just remember to pay for it before you walk out.

- With the INDEPENDENT

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RMB


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              215 of 999 DOCUMENTS


              The Northern Star and Rural Weekly (New South Wales)

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

But which is best?

SECTION: Pg. 15

LENGTH: 521  words



HIGHLIGHT: Apple's newly-released iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are put through
their paces

The Verdict

Reasons to go with iPhone 6 Plus:

Full HD screen - one with 1920 x 1080 pixels.

Turn the phone on its side and the home screen turns with you.

Photos and video playback look better.

The eight-megapixel snapper's optical image stabilisation is more sophisticated
and effective.

Bigger battery which just keeps going.

Best for bigger mitts or greedier eyes.

APPLE fans suffering Android envy over bigger screen sizes have finally been put
out of their misery.

But the question many will be asking themselves now is the bigger iPhone 6 Plus
really better?

When Apple released the 5s and 5c last year, the choice was a bit simpler, as
the two phones easily split into "~premium' and "~budget' tiers.

With the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus it's a tougher call, as the stylings and specs are
almost identical.

Ultimately, however, the decision comes down to what you use your phone for.

The iPhone 6 offers a 4.7-inch screen and weighs 129grams, while the 6 Plus has
a 5.5-inch screen and weighs 172grams.

Both are significantly larger and heavier than the iPhone 5s (a 4-inch screen
and 112grams), although the 5s is thicker by at least 0.5mm.

We've tried out both the new iPhones and although it's fair to say that while
the 6 Plus feels pretty comfortable in the hand - those new rounded corners help
a lot - the size of the larger device will surprise people who are used to the
older models.

Before you dismiss the 6 Plus though, it's worth remembering that the larger
screen size offers a number of other advantages, including bigger battery life,
better optical image stabilisation and a new landscape mode for the home screen
and certain apps (email and messages for example) when held horizontally.

Price is also a consideration of course.

Pricing for the 16GB model iPhone 6 starts at $869. There is a $999 cost for the
64GB model, while the new 128GB model is $1129.

iPhone 6 Plus starts at $999 for the 16GB model, $1129 for the 64GB model and
$1249 for the new 128GB model.

Both models come with the new, faster A8 processor and M8 processor, and arrive
kitted out with Apple's new iOS 8 operating system.

So perhaps the better question is not which size are you more comfortable with,
but what do you use your iPhone for?

If you mainly use it for, you know, making calls, sending texts and a bit of
light entertainment on your commute then you're probably better off sticking
with the 4.7-inch iPhone 6.

If you tend to do a lot of work on your iPhone (sorting through a mass of
emails, for example) or are a keen photographer then it's definitely worth
thinking about the 6 Plus, especially if you don't already have an iPad or iPad
mini.

The new iPhone takes its design cues from the iPad, with larger volume buttons
and rounded corners. The iPhone 6 meanwhile is a tad smaller than most other
Android flagship models, including the Galaxy S5 (5.1-inch), the HTC One M8
(5-inch) and Moto X (5.2-inch).

The best advice is to go into a store and see for yourself which is more
comfortable - try navigating around the screen and slipping the device into your
pocket. Just remember to pay for it before you walk out.

- With the INDEPENDENT

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LNS


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              216 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         The Queensland Times (Ipswich)

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

But which is best?

SECTION: Pg. 19

LENGTH: 521  words



HIGHLIGHT: Apple's newly released iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are put through
their paces

The Verdict

Reasons to go with iPhone 6 Plus:

Full HD screen - one with 1920 x 1080 pixels.

Turn the phone on its side and the home screen turns with you.

Photos and video playback look better.

The eight-megapixel snapper's optical image stabilisation is more sophisticated
and effective.

Bigger battery which just keeps going.

Best for bigger mitts or greedier eyes.

APPLE fans suffering Android envy over bigger screen sizes have finally been put
out of their misery.

But the question many will be asking themselves now is the bigger iPhone 6 Plus
really better?

When Apple released the 5s and 5c last year, the choice was a bit simpler, as
the two phones easily split into "~premium' and "~budget' tiers.

With the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus it's a tougher call, as the stylings and specs are
almost identical.

Ultimately, however, the decision comes down to what you use your phone for.

The iPhone 6 offers a 4.7-inch screen and weighs 129grams, while the 6 Plus has
a 5.5-inch screen and weighs 172grams.

Both are significantly larger and heavier than the iPhone 5s (a 4-inch screen
and 112grams), although the 5s is thicker by at least 0.5mm.

We've tried out both the new iPhones and although it's fair to say that while
the 6 Plus feels pretty comfortable in the hand - those new rounded corners help
a lot - the size of the larger device will surprise people who are used to the
older models.

Before you dismiss the 6 Plus though, it's worth remembering that the larger
screen size offers a number of other advantages, including bigger battery life,
better optical image stabilisation and a new landscape mode for the home screen
and certain apps (email and messages for example) when held horizontally.

Price is also a consideration of course.

Pricing for the 16GB model iPhone 6 starts at $869. There is a $999 cost for the
64GB model, while the new 128GB model is $1129.

iPhone 6 Plus starts at $999 for the 16GB model, $1129 for the 64GB model and
$1249 for the new 128GB model.

Both models come with the new, faster A8 processor and M8 processor, and arrive
kitted out with Apple's new iOS 8 operating system.

So perhaps the better question is not which size are you more comfortable with,
but what do you use your iPhone for?

If you mainly use it for, you know, making calls, sending texts and a bit of
light entertainment on your commute then you're probably better off sticking
with the 4.7-inch iPhone 6.

If you tend to do a lot of work on your iPhone (sorting through a mass of
emails, for example) or are a keen photographer then it's definitely worth
thinking about the 6 Plus, especially if you don't already have an iPad or iPad
mini.

The new iPhone takes its design cues from the iPad, with larger volume buttons
and rounded corners. The iPhone 6 meanwhile is a tad smaller than most other
Android flagship models, including the Galaxy S5 (5.1-inch), the HTC One M8
(5-inch) and Moto X (5.2-inch).

The best advice is to go into a store and see for yourself which is more
comfortable - try navigating around the screen and slipping the device into your
pocket. Just remember to pay for it before you walk out.

- With the INDEPENDENT

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IQT


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              217 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                       Sunshine Coast Daily (Queensland)

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

But which is best?

SECTION: Pg. 18

LENGTH: 521  words



HIGHLIGHT: Apple's newly released iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are put through
their paces

The Verdict

Reasons to go with iPhone 6 Plus:

Full HD screen - one with 1920 x 1080 pixels.

Turn the phone on its side and the home screen turns with you.

Photos and video playback look better.

The eight-megapixel snapper's optical image stabilisation is more sophisticated
and effective.

Bigger battery which just keeps going.

Best for bigger mitts or greedier eyes.

APPLE fans suffering Android envy over bigger screen sizes have finally been put
out of their misery.

But the question many will be asking themselves now is the bigger iPhone 6 Plus
really better?

When Apple released the 5s and 5c last year, the choice was a bit simpler, as
the two phones easily split into "~premium' and "~budget' tiers.

With the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus it's a tougher call, as the stylings and specs are
almost identical.

Ultimately, however, the decision comes down to what you use your phone for.

The iPhone 6 offers a 4.7-inch screen and weighs 129grams, while the 6 Plus has
a 5.5-inch screen and weighs 172grams.

Both are significantly larger and heavier than the iPhone 5s (a 4-inch screen
and 112grams), although the 5s is thicker by at least 0.5mm.

We've tried out both the new iPhones and although it's fair to say that while
the 6 Plus feels pretty comfortable in the hand - those new rounded corners help
a lot - the size of the larger device will surprise people who are used to the
older models.

Before you dismiss the 6 Plus though, it's worth remembering that the larger
screen size offers a number of other advantages, including bigger battery life,
better optical image stabilisation and a new landscape mode for the home screen
and certain apps (email and messages for example) when held horizontally.

Price is also a consideration of course.

Pricing for the 16GB model iPhone 6 starts at $869. There is a $999 cost for the
64GB model, while the new 128GB model is $1129.

iPhone 6 Plus starts at $999 for the 16GB model, $1129 for the 64GB model and
$1249 for the new 128GB model.

Both models come with the new, faster A8 processor and M8 processor, and arrive
kitted out with Apple's new iOS 8 operating system.

So perhaps the better question is not which size are you more comfortable with,
but what do you use your iPhone for?

If you mainly use it for, you know, making calls, sending texts and a bit of
light entertainment on your commute then you're probably better off sticking
with the 4.7-inch iPhone 6.

If you tend to do a lot of work on your iPhone (sorting through a mass of
emails, for example) or are a keen photographer then it's definitely worth
thinking about the 6 Plus, especially if you don't already have an iPad or iPad
mini.

The new iPhone takes its design cues from the iPad, with larger volume buttons
and rounded corners. The iPhone 6 meanwhile is a tad smaller than most other
Android flagship models, including the Galaxy S5 (5.1-inch), the HTC One M8
(5-inch) and Moto X (5.2-inch).

The best advice is to go into a store and see for yourself which is more
comfortable - try navigating around the screen and slipping the device into your
pocket. Just remember to pay for it before you walk out.

- With the INDEPENDENT

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SCN


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              218 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           October 13, 2016 Thursday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 6s, Samsung Galaxy S7, S6 and more: Top deals on premium
smartphones

BYLINE: Varun Sharma

LENGTH: 864  words


Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6, iPhone SE, Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 edge: Best
online deals on the premium smartphones.

The festive season is on, and so are some of the best deals on smartphones this
year. The smartphone market has seen the launch of a few flagship devices like
the Apple iPhone 7 and Google Pixel, and has also seen the demise of another -
Samsung Galaxy Note 7. We went through the top three e-retailer websites in
India (Amazon, Snapdeal and Flipkart) to find you the best deals on flagship
phones - new and old, and the best offers you can get at the moment. We will be
focusing on phones from the three big tech giants - Apple, Samsung and Google.
Of course with the Note 7 out of the way, S7 and S7 edge are the flagships from
Samsung.

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 6s, 6 deals

Apple last month launched its much awaited iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and the
devices landed on our shore on October 7. Of course, Apple has priced the
devices at a level that is higher than most other phones; even though it has
launched them at a slightly lower price than last year if you consider the
storage space has doubled.

However, the good news is that the older devices from the company have seen a
price cut after the arrival of the iPhone 7. The iPhone 5S is still retailing
near Rs 20,000, but remember this is a three year old device before you decide
to hit buy.

But if you prefer the small form factor of the 5S - the iPhone SE might be right
up your alley. The best deal on the 16GB variant of the SE is Rs 31,980 on
Amazon, which is also giving the best deal on the 64GB variant at Rs 39,212.

In you don't look too closely, the Apple iPhone 7 looks similar to the previous
two generations from the company. The 2014 launched iPhone 6 (16GB) is retailing
at Rs 36,990 on both Amazon and Flipkart, but the iPhone 6s (16GB) is now priced
at Rs 38,999 on Amazon and makes a much better deal.

Now it gets a little interesting, there is a Rs 8,000 difference between the
64GB version of both phones. The best deal on iPhone 6 (64GB) is Rs 41,999 on
Amazon, whereas the best deal for the iPhone 6s (64GB) is Rs 49,999 on Snapdeal
and Flipkart. In all honesty, 16GB of non-expandable storage on an iPhone is not
a good idea and it is recommended that go for the 64GB version with these
devices.

If however, you are in the market for the larger 5.5-inch version of the phone,
then the iPhone 6 Plus (16GB) will be the cheapest deal for you at Rs 40,145 on
Amazon. The best price of iPhone 6 Plus (64GB) is Rs 48,989 on Amazon, while the
best price of the iPhone 6s Plus (64GB) is Rs 59,999 on Flipkart. It is
important to know that even though the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus look like the 6s,
they are two year old devices. If your budget allows, try to go for the 6s or
the 6s Plus.

If buying older tech is not your style, the iPhone 7 might be a good fit for
you. The base variant of the iPhone 7 (32GB) is listed at Rs 60,000 on Amazon
and Flipkart. The phone currently shows "Coming Soon" on Flipkart even though
its available on Amazon, but remember that Flipkart is the official e-retailer
for Apple in India. Apple iPhone 7 Plus is currently unavailable across all the
three e-retailers, but is listed at Rs 72,000 (32GB) on Flipkart and is tagged
as "Coming Soon". You might have to try your luck online to get this phone.

Best offers on Samsung

If you are an Android fan and even more so a Samsung fan, you are likely upset
with the Galaxy Note 7 being axed for good. However, the Galaxy S7 and S6 are
still great offerings from the company unless you want to wait for the Galaxy S8
that is expected to launch in February.

Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge were launched earlier this year and are still the
best Android flagships. The Galaxy S7 (32GB) is available at Rs 43,400 across
all the three e-retailers, so you can choose any of them as per your liking. The
best deal on the Galaxy S7 Edge (32GB) is Rs 50,100, available on Amazon,
although Snapdeal and Flipkart have it listed at Rs 50,900 which is a slight
hike.

Just like Apple's iPhone 6, Samsung's S6 and S6 Edge are still good devices to
invest in as they will perform well. The best offer on the Galaxy S6 (32GB) is
Rs 33,700 which is available on Snapdeal, although Amazon has it at Rs 33,900.

But if you are looking for the larger S6 edge, then your best bet for the 32GB
is Snapdeal where it is priced at Rs 33,775, although Flipkart also has the
phone at Rs 34,900. The best deal on the 64GB variant will be Rs 40,499 on
Amazon, although Snapdeal also has it available for Rs 40,900. On Flipkart, the
pricing is higher at Rs 50,000.

Google Pixel devices

If you are tired of jumping between Apple and Samsung, Google's new Pixel and
Pixel XL might be something you were waiting for. Google has done away with the
'Nexus' name and the new devices are priced just as steeply as Apple and
Samsung's flagships. The phones launch in India October 13, but are already up
for pre-order on Flipkart.

Google Pixel 32GB is priced at Rs 57,000, while the 128GB variant is priced at
Rs 66,000. Google Pixel XL (32GB) will be available at Rs 67,000 and the 128GB
version will be priced at Rs 76,000. Flipkart is offering Rs 27,000 on exchange.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              219 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                             October 3, 2014 Friday

Apple's iPhone 6 rollout proceeds with boost by 'Consumer Reports'tests
disproving new devices are easily damaged and a software glitch fix put an end
to a social-media firestorm

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 759 words


Bloomberg

San Francisco

Apple has got the latest iPhones' global introduction back on track with a
rollout in 22 countries, a glitch-free software update and backing from Consumer
Reports magazine tests that show the handsets are hard to bend.

Stress tests on the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, along with comparable smartphones from
competitors, showed that it took "significant force" to damage any of the
devices, Consumer Reports magazine said in a study published on its website.

In a sign that consumers were ready to overlook the smartphone's rocky first
week, long lines formed at stores as Apple introduced the latest iPhones to a
second wave of markets, including Russia, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab
Emirates.

The new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are Apple's most important products to debut this
year, leading a wave of gadgets that will go on sale, including new iPads and
the Apple Watch.

While Apple touted record 10 million sales of iPhones during the opening
weekend, the celebration was cut short by an iOS mobile-software update that
disabled cellular services, causing Apple's engineers to pull it back. The
company also had to respond to a social-media firestorm over claims that the
large-screen iPhone was susceptible to bending if sat upon.

"Apple customers are probably some of the most demanding customers in the
world," Francis Sideco, an analyst at IHS, said in a telephone interview. He
said that no news was good news, because "if they weren't fixed or if there were
new issues that had cropped up, we would have seen it."

About 600 people lined up late last week outside Amsterdam's Apple Store, with
400 customers at the Barcelona shop, the Cupertino, California-based company
said.

Apple on September 25 released its second fix, iOS 8.0.2, for its mobile
operating system, which is included in the new iPhones and available as an
upgrade for recent models. Apple also said that it had only received nine
customer complaints about bent iPhone 6 Plus devices.

Stress tests showed the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are as "tough" as other
comparable phones including HTC's HTC One M8 and Samsung Electronics's Galaxy
Note 3, Consumer Reports magazine said on its website.

"Our tests show that both iPhones seem tougher than the Internet fracas
implies," the report said.

Apple chief executive officer Tim Cook is counting on the new handsets, which
generate more than half of Apple's annual $171 billion (Bt5.5 trillion) in
revenue, to fuel sales growth. He is using the iPhone 6, which has an
11.9-centimetre display and iPhone 6 Plus with a 13.9-centimetre screen to push
into Samsung, HTC and other manufacturers of smartphones turf with jumbo-sized
screens.

Demand for Apple's new handsets has the company poised to sell more than 61
million iPhones in the last three months of the year, surpassing last year's
record 51 million sold, according to Barclays.

"People who want an iPhone are going to buy one, regardless of what the news
says," said Carl Howe, an analyst at 451 Research. "Given that they are
backordered in every country in which they are available, they will have no
problem selling them if they don't want the phone."

Sales are also set to pick up as the new iPhones become available in more
countries. The list expanded to also include Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland,
Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Netherlands, New
Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Qatar, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan and Turkey.

In total, the iPhones will be in 115 countries by the end of the year, Apple has
said.

Apple apologised for the early iOS glitches and said that fewer than 40,000
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus devices were affected by the iOS 8.0.1 problem that caused
users to lose cellular reception.

Software developers, whose livelihood depends upon creating applications for
devices such as the new iPhone, took the glitches in stride, saying it was a
normal part of the process.

"Every time Apple does anything, people complain because they are so big," said
Collin Donnell, lead iOS developer at Lovely, an online apartment finder. "I
haven't seen anything out of the ordinary."

Still, others were frustrated by the glitches.

"Most of those 40,000 people were probably developers, these are the guys who
are waiting for this because they need to check against public releases," said
Slaven Radic, CEO of Vancouver-based Tapstream Network, which helps developers
market their apps. "I know a number of them who got this bug. Your phone not
having cellular connectivity was a major problem for a lot of them. They didn't
know what to do."

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              220 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                     September 15, 2014 Monday 4:20 PM GMT

iPhone 6 and 6 Plus pre-orders smash Apple company records

BYLINE: Standard Reporter

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 364 words


Pre-orders for the next generation of iPhones have smashed company records,
Apple has announced.

First-day orders of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus saw four million units sold
within 24 hours - more than twice as many as for the iPhone 5 when it first went
on sale.

The devices became available to pre-order on Friday after it was unveiled last
week at a huge event in California.

Both devices will be available in new sizes for the first time, with the iPhone
6 offering a 4.7-inch screen, while the 6 Plus boasts the biggest screen Apple
has ever produced for a smartphone at 5.5 inches.

The number of orders appears to have caught the technology giant off-guard, as
the firm stated that some devices might not reach customers until next month.

"Demand for the new iPhones exceeds the initial pre-order supply and while a
significant amount will be delivered to customers beginning on Friday and
throughout September, many iPhone pre-orders are scheduled to be delivered in
October," it said.

Apple CEO Tim Cook, who unveiled the new smartphones on stage in Cupertino, said
the figures showed the enduring popularity of the iPhone.

Related stories

He said: "iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are better in every way, and we are
thrilled customers love them as much as we do. Pre-orders for iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus set a new record for Apple, and we can't wait to get our best
iPhones yet into the hands of customers starting this Friday."

Stuart Miles, CEO and founder of technology website Pocket-lint, believes that
customers are still drawn to Apple because of the way its products are designed.

"It's clear that people still very much love Apple products and that they really
do want a much bigger screen on their phones, and with four million units
already sold, and presumably thousands more to be sold over the weekend, the
excuses people had for leaving for Android are dwindling fast. It's also clear
that customers, when they can afford it, are happy to pay for design and build
quality over just getting something on the cheap."

Fans keen to get hold of one of the new iPhones have already begun to camp
outside the Regent Street Apple Store in anticipation of the launch on Friday.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2014 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              221 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                        June 17, 2016 Friday 6:12 PM GMT

Apple barred from selling iPhones 6 in Beijing;
Reports that the capital's intellectual property regulator has accused Apple of
infringing design patents for a Chinese phone

BYLINE: Alex Hern

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 331 words


Beijing has ordered Apple to stop selling the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in
China's capital, according to a report in the Wall Street Journal.

The city's intellectual property regulator has ruled that the design of the two
phones is overly similar to another phone, the 100C, made by the Chinese company
Shenzhen Baili. In a statement, the Beijing Intellectual Property Bureau wrote
that the phones infringe on a Chinese patent for exterior design held by
Shenzhen Baili.

"Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus have minor differences from Baili's 100C.
The differences are so tiny that the average customer could not notice. So, this
case falls into the patent rights protection category," the ruling reads.

Bizarrely, the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus, which have identical exteriors and
are also available, are not affected by the ruling. The two phones which are
barred from sale were first released in 2014, and will likely be pulled from
markets worldwide anyway in September 2016 when Apple is expected to announce
the iPhones 7.

In a statement, Apple said: "iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus as well as iPhone 6s,
iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone SE models are all available for sale today in China.
We appealed an administrative order from a regional patent tribunal in Beijing
last month and as a result the order has been stayed pending review by the
Beijing IP Court."

The move to bar the company from selling the iPhones comes just a month after
Apple announced a $1bn investment in Chinese Uber competitor Didi. The move,
unusual for a company which tends to only invest in firms in order to acquire
them, was though to be a goodwill gesture to the Chinese markets and government,
to curry favour with regulators typically seen as hostile to Apple.

It came after China shut down Apple's iTunes Movies and iBooks services, and
also lost a trademark battle over whether or not a luxury goods manufacturer
could use the iPhone brand on handbags.

The investment does not seem to have worked as planned.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              222 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               MediAvataarME.com

                            December 20, 2015 Sunday

Which is the Fairest iPhone of All?

BYLINE: shnehasish@yahoo.co.in (MediavataarMe News Desk)

LENGTH: 598  words


Looking at the performance numbers for the latest additions to the Apple iPhone
family compared with the 2014 launch would only tell half the story. We are all
very familiar with the Apple's so-called "tick-tock launch cadence" of releasing
significant hardware changes every other year. When the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus
launched in September, we shared with you some data highlighting the opportunity
that remained in the market (Apple's replacement opportunity is far from over),
not only for Apple's new models but also for the 2014 models now available at a
lower price point.

Now that we have a full month of sales figures for the newest additions to the
family, the time is right to examine how 2015 performance compared to the
previous two launches. With launch windows that were very similar over the past
three releases, the comparison when we look at the three months ending in
October is a fair one. From a share perspective of 33.3% overall, Apple's
performance is well below its 40.8% share in 2013 and 41.5% share in 2014. Yet
overall volumes are pretty much identical to what was sold in 2013, while down
25% from 2014's sales. To put Apple's performance into perspective, the overall
market is about 6% down over 2014 and 22% up over 2013.

When looking at the specific comparison among the new models, the iPhone 6s and
6s Plus are actually performing reasonably well as a percentage of iOS sales.
Specifically, the iPhone 6s represented 24.4% of iPhone sales in the three
months ending in October 2015 compared to the 33% of the iPhone 6 in 2014 and
22% of the iPhone 5s in 2013. The iPhone 6s Plus represented 10.8% of iPhone
overall sales in the three months ending in October 2015, compared to 10% of the
iPhone 6 Plus in 2014, and 16% of the iPhone 5c in 2013.

Buyers of the new iPhone models certainly feel they know enough about them, as
42% of them did not conduct any research before buying the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus. This compares to 37% who did no research before buying the iPhone 6 and 6
Plus in 2014.

Finally, when we consider key purchase drivers, things have changed a bit over
the years. In 2014, 47% of the Apple's flagships buyers mentioned LTE as a
driver, while that percentage dropped to 31% for iPhone 6s and 6s Plus buyers.
The size of the screen remained at the top of the list in 2015 as it did in
2014, but dropped to 52% from 56%. While Live Photos are not directly mentioned,
they might be driving the high number (42%) of buyers of the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus who mentioned the quality of the camera as a driver. This compares to 36%
for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in 2014.

One last point to consider when evaluating the relative success of the newest
iPhone models is that sales of models that do not have a full hardware redesign
tend to ramp up more gradually. Between September and December 2013, sales of
the iPhone 5s as a percentage of all iPhone sales went from 13% in September to
37% in October, 47% in November, and 45% in December. The iPhone 6 over the same
months in 2014 went from 32% to 48%, to 39%, to 55%. The iPhone 6s represented
25% of iPhone sales in September and 37% in October, pointing to a ramp-up
similar to that of the 5s.

This is a lot of data to digest for a short blog, but the underlying message is
clear: the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus have, thus far, delivered solid performances in
the US market and attention needs to be paid to the next few months as the sales
ramp-up continues.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/434/1381/5/145059272750.jpg

Which is the Fairest iPhone of All?

http://imgs.syndigate.info/434/1381/9/145059272952.png



LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1381


                       Copyright 2015 World of Media JLT
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              223 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

iPhone 6 release draws crowd at local store

BYLINE: Jeff Kiger, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 505 words


Sept. 19--Sitting on a sidewalk in front of the AT&T store all night was no
trick for three local men, though they expect a treat when the doors open.

Pierce Watkins, of Stewartville; Roger Moone, of Zumbrota; and Matt Mewholter,
of Rochester, showed up at the AT&T store at 430 Crossroads Drive W. about 11
hours before the doors opened for the release of Apple's new iPhone 6. There was
no question about why they were there.

To pass the time during the night, they carved and lit a jack-o'-lantern with
Apple's logo.

"This iPhone shows a lot of promise," said Moone, who is ditching his Samsung
Note for the new Apple model.

Watkins said a lot of the new features, such as the bigger 4.7-inch screen and
the improved camera, make this new iPhone attractive.

"I like the idea of Apple Pay. I think that's a big deal," said Mewholter.

Apple Pay will allow people use a wireless chip in the iPhone 6 in place of a
credit card to pay in some stores by holding the phone near the payment
terminal. That feature won't go live on the new phones until October.

It was less about his personal enthusiasm and more about his profession that
spurred Jim Case to arrive at 3 a.m. to be the fourth person in line for the
phone.

Case owns i.mobile.repair. His repair truck with the business name emblazoned
across it is a familiar sight in Rochester.

"I'm a tech person. This is about having the latest thing right away," he said.
"It's really the job."

While Case and about 40 other people stood line for a shot at the iPhone 6, more
than 4 million of the phones were ordered in advance from Apple in the first 24
hours. That has exceeded the number of phones Apple has available.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be delivered to customers starting today and
throughout September, but many won't be delivered until October, Apple said.

Apple's website had intermittent outages last Friday because of heavy traffic as
orders began online. The company said the 4 million orders set a new 24-hour
record, beating the 2 million orders in 2012 for the iPhone 5, the previous time
Apple increased the iPhone's screen size.

Last year, Apple sold 9 million iPhone 5s and iPhone 5cs in the first three days
they were on sale, but the company didn't say how many came in the first 24
hours of advance orders.

The iPhone 5, 5s and 5c have screens measuring 4 inches diagonally. The iPhone 6
is 4.7 inches, and the iPhone 6 Plus is 5.5 inches.

Besides larger screens, the new phones also will offer faster performance. The
phones start at $199 with a two-year service contract.

The new phones initially will be available in the U.S., Australia, Canada,
France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the U.K.
Availability will expand to more than 20 more countries in a week.

A free update to Apple's iOS software for mobile devices was available to
existing users on Wednesday. The new phones will come with the update, known as
iOS 8.

___ (c)2014 the Post-Bulletin Visit the Post-Bulletin at www.postbulletin.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140919-RC-iPhone-6-release-draws-crowd-at-local-store-0919-20140919

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2014 Post-Bulletin


                              224 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                       January 5, 2015 Monday 6:30 AM EST

U-Way Launches Series of Apple MFi-Approved Qi Wireless Charging Case for iPhone
6

LENGTH: 432  words


Jan. 5 -- China-based U-Way Corporation issued the following news release:

U-Way has introduced newest iPhone 6 case Qi Wireless Charging ANTI-IMPACT
SHIELD for iPhone 6 (Model No.: IP6-00203), which fully certified by Apple MFi &
WPC Qi. The case is fully compatible with all Qi wireless chargers, it can be
simply put on the Qi wireless charger to charge up, cord free!

The dual layer protection with impact-resistant design case made by high quality
TPU+PC material, it providing a protective barrier against scratches and drops,
also the soft touch and light-duty case provides protection from minor bumps and
scratches while maintain its sleekness and tactility.

The sweet point of this product is the special design detachable Qi receiver
clip in the bottom which allows easily to be pulled out and using Lightning
cable for sync/charge alternatively.

This slim casing simply clip onto the iPhone 6 phones for a perfect fit with
precision machine cut-outs for the camera, power button, volume buttons and
ports, it allow full access to all the features and functions of the iPhone 6
without the hassle of untangling charging cables.

The case is so slim, lightweight and form-fitted that they add little no weight
to the iPhone 6 whilst providing great protection from everyday use, extra
thickness with soft TPU corner gives your iPhone 6 more shock absorbent. The
case customization on color are available.

Apart from it, U-Way are pleased to announce another 2 battery cases models for
iPhone 6 as follows:

1. Qi ANTI-IMPACT Power Case for iPhone 6 (Model No.: IP6-00214). A battery case
built-in 1650mAh features with Qi wireless charging function on the go, cord
free.

2. ANTI-IMPACT Power Case for iPhone 6 (Model No.: IP6-10202). A battery case
built-in 2600mAh battery as backup power bank when in need.

These external backup power bank cases special designed for iPhone 6 which
allows extend your iPhone 6 battery power through the day, or wireless charging
on the go!

These cases featuring Micro USB sync-through function that you can sync/charge
your iPhone 6 simultaneously without having to take the case off. The mesh
design at the back provides best feels when handling.

Both these cases features flexible Lightning connector design allows adjust
slightly at 6 degree for easy installation. With one click of button to indicate
battery level and begin to charge the iPhone 6, press once again to stop
charging.

Apple MFi approved ensures three models of these quality and compatibility,
tested to be compatible with IOS operation system and following updates.

Source: U-Way Corporation

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              225 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

NEW APPLE GADGETS BIGGER AND SMALLER Smartwatch, phones unveiled

BYLINE: McClatchy-Tribune

SECTION: A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 724 words

DATELINE: CUPERTINO, Calif.


Apple CEO Tim Cook debuted Apple's first new product category Tuesday since the
introduction of the iPad tablet computer, showing off a new smartwatch along
with two iPhones and a mobile-payments offering built in to the new devices.

Apple's smartwatch - called simply the Apple Watch - has a new user interface,
with Cook declaring, "What we didn't do was take the iPhone and shrink the user
interface and strap it on your wrist."

It will come in three different basic forms: Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport and
Apple Edition, with the last one available in 18-karat gold; Apple Watch will be
a standard offering, while the Sport edition will be sturdier. The wearable
computer will be highly customizable, with different sizes for the watch face
and bands of different colors as well as leather and metal, with a starting base
price of $350. The device will go on sale in early 2015.

Users will interact with the Apple Watch through a dial on the side, using it to
scroll up and down and zoom in, or through its touch screen, which is made of
synthetic sapphire Apple has been manufacturing in Arizona. The device will have
access to Apple's voice-recognition technology Siri, allowing users to guide
through interactions with voice commands, and a series of gestures can help
control basic functions as well.

The watch - which must be used in tandem with an iPhone 5 or later - can record
users' vitals, with sensors detecting bodily actions such as pulse rate, and
record them with HealthKit, Apple software introduced earlier this year. More
functionality will quickly be on the way: Outside developers received access to
build apps for the watch through new software called WatchKit.

With its customizable form and different possible tasks, the Apple Watch can be
a different device for different users' needs, Cook said, calling it "the most
personal device Apple has ever created."

"I use mine to control the Apple TV, another team member uses his as a remote
for his iPhone camera," the CEO divulged.

Apple introduced two new iPhones that will function with its smartwatch:a larger
iPhone than before, the iPhone 6 Plus, along with the iPhone 6, which Cook
described as "the best phones you have ever seen." The iPhone 6 Plus will be 5.5
inches diagonal, a size in between a smartphone and tablet that has proved
especially popular in Asia.

"Today, we are launching the biggest advancement in the history of iPhones,"
Cook said.

One of the iPhone 6 smartphones' big advances is Apple Pay, a mobile-payments
offering that utilizes near-field communications to get rid of credit cards'
"outdated and vulnerable magnetic stripe," as Cook described them. Instead of
using physical cards, Apple's iPhone will connect to users' payment options,
while not storing credit card numbers or security codes.

Apple software leader Eddy Cue stressed the security and privacy of Apple's
payments option, which will link with American Express, Visa and Mastercard.

"Apple doesn't know what you bought, where you bought it, or how much you paid
for it," Cue said.

The service will work with 220,000 contactless machines in place at retailers,
along with Apple partners such as McDonald's, Walgreens and Disney.

The iPhone 6 screen will measure 4.7 inches diagonally, the same as the iPhone
5S. Both the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus will featureApple's "Retina"
high-resolution display. The larger form factor will give the iPhone 6 Plus a
larger battery and therefore longer battery life: Apple said the iPhone 6 will
have about 14 hours of talk time, in line with the previous iteration, while the
iPhone 6 Plus will have 24 hours of talk time.

Both phones will be offered in black, gray and gold. The smaller iPhone 6 will
have a price tag starting at $199 with subsidies from wireless carriers, ranging
up to $399 for a phone with 128 gigabytes of memory; the iPhone 6 Plus will
range from $299 to $499 with a two-year contract. Apple will begin selling the
phones on Sept. 19 in the United States and eight other countries, and wants to
roll out sales to more than 100 countries by the end of the year.

The two new iPhones will arrive with Apple's newest mobile operating system, iOS
8, which will roll out Sept. 17, marketing guru Phil Schiller announced. Apple
previously showed off the new features of iOS 8 at its Worldwide Developers
Conference.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              226 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

Apple becoming increasingly reliant on success of iPhone

BYLINE: By Julia Love jmlove@mercurynews.com

SECTION: NEWS; Business

LENGTH: 620 words


CUPERTINO -- Across the Bay Area and beyond, the Apple faithful will rise before
dawn Friday, line up on the cold, hard concrete and then fork over hundreds of
dollars -- all so they can be first to own the iPhone 6.

What they might not realize is that Apple needs them just as much as they feel
they need the latest versions of its iconic phone.

Seven years after its debut, the iPhone has become the lifeblood of Apple. The
pocket-size powerhouse already drives more than half of the company's sales, and
that figure is likely heading north. Outfitted with the larger screens that
consumers crave, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus sparked record pre-orders last week and
are expected to fly off the shelves when they hit stores Friday. With sales for
the rest of Apple's gadgets largely flat, the company's fortunes will rise and
fall with the iPhone, analysts say.

As Colin Gillis of BGC Financial put it: "Apple is the iPhone company."

It's an ironic turn for a company that began as a computer maker determined to
be known for more than its flagship Mac. Apple dropped "Computer" from its name
in 2007, the year the original iPhone was released, to cement the shift to a
broader array of personal electronics.

To be sure, the iPhone is a great device to lean on -- it yields huge profits
for Apple, and the global smartphone market is red hot. Nevertheless, analysts
say, companies generally try to draw their sales from various products to hedge
against risk.

"It's dangerous to have all your eggs in one basket," said Roger May of Endpoint
Technologies Associates.

What's more, growth in the smartphone market is increasingly coming from the
lower end, but the iPhone is getting pricier. The iPhone 6 Plus starts at $299
with a two-year contract -- $100 more than Apple's marquee device last year.

"If the premium space slows down, that would be negative for Apple because they
are so dependent on the iPhone," Gillis said.

Yet for some consumers, Apple must simply name its price. The company announced
that it received a record 4 million pre-orders for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus on
the first day they were available, twice the volume it reported for the iPhone
5.

Some of those sales may be coming at the iPad's expense. As smartphones expand
and tablets shrink, analysts suspect that many consumers will not see the need
to lug both devices around. The iPad Mini seems particularly vulnerable,
measuring 7.9 inches diagonally, compared with the 5.5-inch display of the
iPhone 6 Plus.

Yet Apple probably isn't afraid of cannibalizing sales of the Mini, said analyst
Gene Munster, noting that the company gleans much more profit from sales of its
premium iPhone.

"They would rather sell you one iPhone 6 Plus than an iPhone and an iPad," said
Munster, who is a managing director at research firm Piper Jaffray.

And strong iPhone sales could bode well for other gadgets in Apple's portfolio.
The iPhone is designed to work best with other Apple devices, perhaps enticing
consumers who start with the smartphone to rack up more products.

After introducing the latest iPhones last week at a flashy event in Cupertino,
Apple executives rolled out Apple Pay, a mobile payments service, and the Apple
Watch, a timepiece that tracks users' fitness.

Yet despite the new offerings, the iPhone's dominance doesn't seem to be letting
up anytime soon. The Apple Pay service is built into the latest iPhones as well
as the smartwatch. And Apple Watch users must have an iPhone on their person to
take advantage of most of the timepiece's features.

"You can't have either of them without the iPhone, plain and simple," said Ramon
Llamas, an analyst at technology research firm IDC.

Contact Julia Love at 408-920-5536; follow her at Twitter.com/byJuliaLove .

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              227 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                       January 5, 2015 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Incipio Announces Immediate Availability Of offGRID EXPRESS Backup Battery Case
For iPhone 6 At 2015 International CES

LENGTH: 263  words


Monday, January 05, 2015: Incipio, the leading designer and manufacturer of
award-winning mobile device accessories and technology, based in Southern
California, today announces the immediate availability of the offGRID EXPRESS
Backup Battery Case for iPhone 6 online at http:/incipio.com.

Power does not have to come at the cost of convenience with Incipio's offGRID
EXPRESS Backup Battery Case for iPhone 6. Packed with 3000mAh of power, iPhone 6
users can freely and actively enjoy additional hours of talk, text, stream, and
surf time without the worry of a dead battery. The offGRID Express Backup
Battery Case for iPhone 6 more than doubles the iPhone 6 battery capacity making
it a must have case for on-the-go individuals.

"The tremendous capabilities of the iPhone 6 enable ongoing use, yet the battery
life can't always keep up with our lifestyles," said Andy Fathollahi, Chief
Executive. "The offGRID EXPRESS delivers the added power to allow you to use
your iPhone 6 around the clock, wherever you are. The offGRID EXPRESS Backup
Battery Case for iPhone 6 is the first of Incipio's complete power offering
available for iPhone 6."

Available now for $79.99 at incipio.com, additional features of the offGRID
EXPRESS Backup Battery Case for iPhone 6 include:

MFI Approved

Slim and lightweight design

Simple and quick snap-on assembly

Rechargeable 3000mAh battery

Includes micro-USB charge/sync cable and headphone extender

The offGRID EXPRESS Backup Battery Case for iPhone 6 will be on display at the
Las Vegas Convention Center from January 6-9, 2015 - North Hall, Booth #5116.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2015 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              228 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Yorkshire Post

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

Keep taking the tablets... the iPhone 6 is nearly as big as one

LENGTH: 340  words


The iPhone, one of the most recognisable smartphones on the market, has been
redefined by Apple, with the technology giant resizing the device, with the
iPhone 6 Plus becoming the first iPhone to have a screen over five inches in
size - just two inches smaller than the iPad Mini tablet.

Size is the biggest change here, emphasised by the Apple slogan for the new
devices "bigger than bigger." The current iPhone, the 5, has a four-inch screen,
whereas the 6 and 6 Plus measure in at 4.7 and 5.5-inches respectively.

At the Flint Centre in Cupertino, Apple's CEO Tim Cook called the smartphone
makeover "the biggest advancement in the history of the iPhone".

The screen is made of ion strengthened glass, and both devices are thinner than
the current generation iPhone 5s. On the iPhone 6, Apple's stats show that
battery life is similar to that on the 5s, but is much improved on the 6 Plus,
with the amount of hours of audio playback doubled being one example shown.

Apple has also continued its tradition of updating its main processor - this
time to the A8, as well as the M8 coprocessor, which focuses on movement
tracking. Apple says this has been tweaked so that it now recognises elevation,
and can therefore monitor you more accurately as you climb. Whether it be
mountains or stairs.

The A8 now processes at speeds 50 times that of the original iPhone, giving
users an idea of just how far things have come.

Battery life will also improve in the iPhone 6 Plus, with some usage now
draining the battery half as quickly as the current generation iPhone 5s say the
tech giant. Owners of the 6 Plus will also be able to use some apps in landscape
orientation - identically to how it works on an iPad - for the first time on
iPhone.

The camera in both of the new phones has also been upgraded, with a new 8
megapixel rear-facing camera, and new technology called Focus Pixels that ensure
quicker than ever focus when taking pictures.

Both new iPhones will ship on September 19, with the iPhone 6 starting at £539,
and the 6 Plus at £619.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NLYP


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              229 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                   Gulf Times

                           September 28, 2014 Sunday

Vodafone launches iPhone 6 smartphones

LENGTH: 375  words


Vodafone Qatar has officially launched the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
smartphones in the country. An exclusive midnight event at the Villaggio Mall
saw "hundreds of people" showing up at the company's store to own the latest
smartphones from Apple.

Vodafone Qatar has officially launched the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
smartphones in the country.

An exclusive midnight event, which saw "hundreds of people" showing up at the
company's store located at Villaggio Mall, marked the moment, which Vodafone
Qatar said, " everyone was eagerly waiting for".

Those who have pre-ordered online and wanted to be some of the firsts to pick up
their favourite handset, in addition to others who wished to purchase an iPhone
6 or an iPhone 6 Plus on the spot, joined the Vodafone team for the chance to be
part of a memorable event.

Timed with the launch, Vodafone launched great data offers to both postpaid and
prepaid customers who are purchasing an iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus allowing them
to enjoy Qatar's newest 4G network, Vodafone 4G. Additionally, ten lucky
customers won their mobile phone bill paid for an entire year.

At the event, Vodafone announced that all new and existing Vodafone Red postpaid
customers will get to enjoy unlimited local data for 12 months with their new
iPhone. The 12 months of unlimited data with the iPhone 6 is available on all
Red plans, M, L, XL and VIP.

Postpaid customers, who are not on a Red plan, would also receive 15GB of local
data per month for a period of three months, for free.

Furthermore, Vodafone Prepaid customers will receive 6GB of local data for free
for three months while those who are moving their existing non-Vodafone number
to Vodafone Prepaid will get unlimited local data for 90 days, for free.

Vodafone Qatar Chief Commercial Officer Marc Norris said: "We are very proud to
have launched the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in Qatar. We were extremely happy
to see a great number of people joining us in celebrating this event, held
exclusively at Qatar's most popular mall- Villaggio. We have timed the launch
with a fantastic data offer to both our new and existing Postpaid and Prepaid
customers in order to guarantee a most enjoyable experience, on Vodafone 4G, as
soon as they activate their handset."

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 183


                      Copyright 2014 Gulf Times Newspaper
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              230 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

It's the inside that shines in new iPhones;
Machine Learning

BYLINE: MOLLY WOOD

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 1136 words

ABSTRACT

The best part of the new phones is actually the new software, which is available
for some older models, too, starting on Wednesday.

FULL TEXT

Bigger. Bigger. Bigger.

The new Apple iPhones going on sale this week, the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6
Plus, have crisper screens, faster processors and sharper cameras.

And, as you might have heard, they are also bigger than previous iPhones - the 6
Plus by a long shot - joining the stampede toward bigger handsets.

But after almost a week of trying the phones, it became clear that the hardware
was not the best part of the package. In its quest to deliver bigger phones to a
market clamoring for them, Apple has made one phone that is actually a little
too small and one that's a little too big. (Apple lent The New York Times an
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus under the condition that a review would not be
published before Tuesday at 9 p.m. in New York.)

The best part of the new phones is actually the new software, which is available
for some older models, too, starting on Wednesday. The software, iOS 8, combines
some of the advanced features of Android with Apple's ease of use and
reliability. Because of the software, it's hard to see many iPhone fans straying
from Apple, even if they don't buy new iPhones immediately.

The iPhone 6 is a 4.7-inch device, up from four inches on the iPhone 5 and 5S.
It's a little wider than those phones, too.

Those dimensions make it slightly smaller than the top Android and Windows
devices on the market, helping it fit easily in jeans pockets. Compared with a
Samsung Galaxy S5 or the HTC One (M8), though, the iPhone 6 screen feels
constrained.

The iPhone 6 Plus is a behemoth. It has the same size display as the LG G3, at
5.5 inches, but is significantly taller. It's longer even than the Galaxy Note
3, which has a 5.7-inch display.

Both the 6 and 6 Plus get thinner, flatter and more rounded shapes than their
predecessors, losing the squared-off sides on the more recent models. The effect
looks sleek, but feels slippery. Dropping seems imminent as you stretch your
thumb across the larger screens.

Apple takes some small steps to mitigate the finger stretch with a feature
called Reachability, which lets you touch (not press) the home button twice to
shift the screen down to the bottom half of the display.

The feature works nicely for one-handed scrolling and finding app icons, but it
doesn't do much else. If you're in an email, for example, you can't get access
to any actions like Reply or Archive.

Apple could have taken a cue from other makers of so-called phablets (a blend of
''phone'' and ''tablet'') and come up with powerful ways to take advantage of
those bigger screens.

For example, the forthcoming Samsung Galaxy Note 4 will let users resize app
windows using a finger or stylus and view multiple windows simultaneously on its
5.7-inch display, as on a desktop computer. The 5.5-inch LG G3 lets you open two
apps at once and resize them as you like.

The iPhones do include some tricks created for bigger phones, like a zoom
feature that lets you subtly increase the size of app icons and text in native
apps. And when you turn the phones sideways, into landscape mode, the keyboard
in the built-in apps like Mail and Messages has more options - including
microphone, undo, period, comma and others on the iPhone 6, and even more on the
iPhone 6 Plus, like dedicated copy and paste keys.

Those extra iPhone 6 Plus keys disappear if you choose the zoomed display,
however. And the iPhone 6 Plus is so big that in landscape mode, I had a hard
time reaching the keys to type.

Even the built-in Apple keyboard doesn't get any extra keys when holding the
phone upright, the way the Samsung and LG keyboards include number keys above
the letters, and period and comma keys.

As for the features that people love about their iPhones, they only get better.
The iPhone 6 cameras, for example, are outstanding. Both rear-facing cameras
have new sensors that deliver faster autofocus, better face detection and the
ability to capture high-resolution panoramas. The faster focus is immediately
obvious, even in casual use.

The iPhone 6 Plus in particular uses optical image stabilization to deliver
better photos in low light and reduce overall shake and blur. Sadly, that nice
feature is not on the iPhone 6.

And filmmakers are swooning over the phones' high-definition video, faster frame
rates (which lead to smoother video) and higher-quality slow-motion capture.
Cinematic video stabilization helps smooth out video taken while moving, and a
time lapse mode snaps a shot every second or so and stitches them together. Of
course, all the videos and photos look great on the bigger screens, especially
the iPhone 6 Plus. For camera buffs, that bigger phone is likely to be a
must-have.

Call quality on the new phones is excellent and I found battery life on the
smaller iPhone 6 to be impressive. I went almost two full days without a charge.
Battery life on the iPhone 6 Plus is more like a day of constant use and not
much more, but that's not terrible on a phone that size.

The real magic, though, happens because of Apple's new operating system.

The iOS 8 software doesn't look greatly different, but many refinements make it
more powerful and flexible. Some of the features catch up to competitors and
some are totally new.

The upgrade adds iCloud Drive, for example, which lets you more easily share
documents across devices, as you can with Dropbox or Google Drive. A Family
Sharing feature will let you share your purchased books, movies, music and some
apps with up to six family members, so they don't have to log in to your account
to watch a movie or use an app you have purchased.

After OS X Yosemite, the new operating system for Macs, is released in October,
Apple's Continuity feature will let you view incoming text messages across all
devices, hand off documents between a phone and computer and send a text or make
a call from your Mac.

Smaller improvements - expiring messages and voice memos, Spotlight searches
that include web results, and recently used contacts that show up when you
double-press the home button to switch between or close apps - add up to a
refined mobile OS.

Some of the features aren't perfect, and many of the sexier features are still
down the road. Right now, for example, the Health app simply doesn't do much.

The new operating system comes on the new phones and can be installed this week
on the iPhone 5S, 5 and 4S. People who have those phones and whose two-year
cellphone contracts have not yet expired can rest easy. They will get many of
the best features of this year's upgrade cycle.

The slim new iPhones aren't a big-screen slam-dunk, but they work well, as we
have come to expect from Apple. Ultimately, it's what's on the inside that keeps
them just in front of their rivals.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              231 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                            January 26, 2016 Tuesday

Is this the latest iPhone?

SECTION: BUSINESS; General

LENGTH: 256 words


Apple fans are intrigued by an image posted online believed to be a leaked
preview shot of the latest iPhone.

The photo shows what Apple fans believe is the "iPhone 5se", the iPhone model
Apple is expected to launch in March, pictured beside the iPhone 5. It was
published on website One More Thing, the same site which had a leaked image of
the iPad Air 2 display two years ago as well as the iPad Air design.

Apple specialist site 9to5Mac reported sources had revealed the phone would be
known as iPhone 5se, meaning "special edition" or "enhanced".

The iPhone would have a 4-inch screen, the same size as the iPhone 5, and
feature the curved glass of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s.

It would feature the same 8 megapixel rear camera as the iPhone 6 and sources
told 9to5Mac that the iPhone 5se would feature the A9 and M9 processor, like the
iPhone 6s.

READ MORE:

bull Has Apple"s iPhone reached its peak?

bull 10 iPhone tricks that will make your life easier

bull iPhone 6s battery trouble? Try this fix

The website said it believed the iPhone 5se would replace the iPhone 6 and 6
plus in the line-up, and appeal to people who want all the up-to-date features
in a more compact form.

The March announcement by Apple is also expected to feature an iPhone 7, or a
new iPhone model by a different name. An upgrade to the Apple Watch was also
expected to feature in the presentation.

The photos of the model could turn out to be fake, but the site One More Thing
has published leaked images from "Apple insiders" which turned out to be
legitimate before.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              232 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        China Daily (Hong Kong Edition)

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

Customs smash cross-border iPhone 6 smuggling racket

BYLINE: Chai Hua in Shenzhen

LENGTH: 691  words


From Sept 19 to 21, Shenzhen Customs apprehended 39 cases involving cross-border
smuggling of new iPhones at the Luohu checkpoint, and imposed duty on 313 iPhone
6 and had 175 of them returned to Hong Kong.

Customs and Excise Department and the police in Hong Kong put on display Apple's
iPhone 6 which were seized in a raid on a ferryboat heading from Hong Kong to
the mainland carrying 138 iPhone 6 on Sunday. Government Information Services

The duty rate on an iPhone 6 is 10 percent of its custom value, says Luohu
customs offical

From Sept 19 to 21, Shenzhen Customs apprehended 39 cases involving cross-border
smuggling of new iPhones at the Luohu checkpoint, and imposed duty on 313 iPhone
6 and had 175 of them returned to Hong Kong.

"A total of 98 cell phones that were believed to be part of smuggling activities
had been sent to inspectors to check out for legal liability," a Luohu customs
official said.

"About 175 iPhone 6 are kept in our office and owners can pick them up when they
go back to Hong Kong," she said.

Mainland residents are allowed to bring personal products worth fewer than 5,000
yuan to the mainland, but cell phones are included in the list of 20
must-pay-duty items, meaning one must pay tax for even one cell phone at any
price.

According to Luohu Customs officials, the duty rate on an iPhone 6 is 10 percent
of its custom value, a rate which fluctuates with time. "The custom value for
iPhone 6 is about 4,000 yuan ($651.4) now, so its duty should be 400 yuan," the
customs official said.

The duty for a 128g iPhone 6 Plus is about 600 yuan, 10 percent of its 6,000
yuan custom value. But compared to its almost 300 percent profit, there is
enough incentive for smugglers to take the risk.

At the large Huaqiang North Electronic Market in Shenzhen, one of the biggest
grey markets for Apple and other electronic products in Guangdong and even the
whole nation, the price for a 16g iPhone 6 Plus on Sept 22 varied from 11,000 to
15,000 yuan, while its price at Apple store is only HK$6,388 (5,061 yuan).

The price of iPhone 6 is a little lower - about 7,050 yuan (HK$8,896) - still
HK$3,300 higher than its official price HK$5588.

So the 400 to 600 yuan duty seems like a piece of cake, compared to a 60 to 300
percent profit.

"The price of iPhone 6 was down by 2,000 yuan compared to three days ago," one
seller said, "so I suggest, if you have one and want to sell it, to do so as
soon as possible, while you can still earn about 3,000 yuan."

"But I can't say the same thing for iPhone 6 Plus," he continued, "Its price
goes up and down every day. After all, there are less iPhone 6 Plus in our
market now."

"We only earn about 150 to 200 yuan on each phone. Those who buy phones from
Hong Kong and bring them to Shenzhen earn the most," he said.

Buyers need to pay 100 yuan in advance to make an order and then can see the
actual smart phone after waiting for about 20 minutes while the sellers get the
product from their warehouse.

The phones have been available in 10 countries and territories - including Hong
Kong - from Sept19, but Apple has not yet stated when the mainland, one of its
largest markets, could officially meet the product.

Hong Kong residents with an ID card can pre-order two iPhone 6 from Sept 16, and
then pick up them on Sept 19 in Apple stores or have them shipped to their Hong
Kong address in October.

Many Hong Kongers decided to seize the opportunity of earning a fortune. Massive
queues were seen outside local Apple stores and most of them were hoping to grab
the opportunities to earn two- to three-fold of the product's official price by
selling them to mainlanders.

Shenzhen customs said, "Passengers can bring one or two duty-paid cell phones
across the border for personal use, but those (who do so) for profit
opportunities are not allowed."

They have found smugglers tie new iPhones to their bodies in order to get across
the Luohu border unnoticed.

Hong Kong customs and marine police on Saturday foiled a smuggling case
involving a speedboat carrying 138 iPhone 6, along with hard disks and RAMs,
from Hong Kong to the Chinese mainland.

grace@chinadailyhk.com

(HK Edition 09/23/2014 page5)

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1495


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              233 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

IPhone 6 sets records, but problems quickly emerge

LENGTH: 989  words


Apple Inc Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook called the introduction of the iPhone
6 and 6 Plus over the weekend the "best launch ever."

Tony Zhan, 32, holds up his new iPhone 6 Plus after it went on sale at the Apple
store in Pasadena, California September 19, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Glitches in iOS 8.0.1 operating system bring frustrations to consumers, reports
Bloomberg.

Apple Inc Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook called the introduction of the iPhone
6 and 6 Plus over the weekend the "best launch ever." He may have spoken too
soon.

Just three days after announcing that Apple had sold a record 10 million new
iPhones over the opening weekend, Cook was faced with multiple snafus related to
the bigger-screen handsets. The company pulled a new mobile-software update,
dubbed iOS 8.0.1, after the program caused some people to lose cellular service.
It promised a fix soon.

Scores of consumers also took to social media to criticize the 6 Plus and how it
can bend under sufficient pressure.

Apple fans line up around the world for iPhone 6
Apple unveils the Watch, larger iPhones at star-studded event The stumbles
blemished what had been a carefully choreographed product unveiling that was
meant to put Cook's stamp on Apple. Executives at the California-based company
had for months teased the introduction of the new iPhones before finally
debuting them on Sept 9.

The devices had spurred a frenzy of demand, with pre-orders topping 4 million,
plus the record weekend sales and a thriving gray market for the smartphones in
China and elsewhere.

Now, Cook's rollout of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus is marred, recalling incidents
that the CEO has faced with other product debuts. Last year, Cook apologized for
the iPhone's warranty and repair policies in China after receiving criticism
from the media over customer service in the market. In 2012, Cook also said he
was sorry for Apple's malfunctioning mapping software, which was faulted for
misguided directions and inaccurate landmark locations.

"I just wish that Tim Cook had a better handle on things," said Jason Nochimson,
34, an iPhone 6 owner who spent more than two hours on Apple's customer support
line after downloading the software upgrade on Wednesday and finding it stopped
his cellular service. "I was worried that my daughter's school was going to call
me and I wasn't going to be able to get them."

Apple said in an e-mailed statement that it has devised a workaround for iPhone
6 users who lost voice service or other features. Users can reinstall the
previous version of iOS to restore past functionality and Apple plans to release
a new version of the operating system, iOS 8.0.2, in the next few days.

"We apologize for the great inconvenience experienced by users," Apple said in
the statement.

The new iPhones are crucial to Apple. The devices generate more than half of the
company's annual $171 billion in revenue and precede a swath of other products,
including new iPads, an Apple Watch and a mobile-payments system called Apple
Pay.

Yet while Cook deals with consumer criticism over his handling of the iPhone
rollout, the issues may have little impact on Apple's sales. Demand for the new
handsets has the company poised to sell more than 61 million iPhones in the
December quarter, surpassing last year's record 51 million sold, according to
Barclays.

Sales are also set to pick up[#xff0d]not decelerate[#xff0d]as the new iPhones
become available in more countries. On Sept 19, the first day the handsets went
on sale in stores, Apple rolled them out in 10 countries. The company is set to
introduce the gadgets in another 22 countries on Friday. In total, the iPhones
will be in 115 countries by the end of the year, Apple has said.

Apple fans line up around the world for iPhone 6
Apple unveils the Watch, larger iPhones at star-studded event "It will do
nothing, I don't suspect it will dampen any demand," said Tim Bajarin, an
analyst at Creative Strategies Inc, about concerns over bending phones and iOS
problems.

Apple shares are up 27 percent this year.

Still, some consumers are thinking twice about buying the devices in the wake of
Wednesday's snafus. After having problems with Apple's new software upgrade to
his old iPhone, James Zahrt, a customer since 1989, decided to put off a new
smartphone purchase.

"I was going to order one immediately but now I'm going to wait," said Zahrt,
58, of Mt Prospect, Illinois, who has had troubles with his iPhone 4s' alarm
clock working properly since downloading Apple's iOS 8 software last week. "I
think the bugs need to be worked out on this thing."

The popular tide turned against the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus earlier this week
when reports began emerging that the 5.5-inch screen larger model was bending
when people sat on it. Rivals including BlackBerry Inc Chief Executive Officer
John Chen took a jab at the iPhone on Wednesday, saying he "would challenge you
guys to bend our Passport" device.

That was followed by reports from users on Wednesday that the iOS 8 software
upgrade, which had been issued to address previous software bugs and add the
health and fitness-monitoring application HealthKit, was causing some customers
to experience dropped cell service.

Frustrations about iOS 8 had been mounting even before Wednesday, with user
complaints that their devices' battery life seemed to have dwindled after
downloading the software, along with data showing applications were more likely
to crash with the operating system. According to Crittercism Inc, an analytics
firm, iOS 8 causes apps to crash about 3.3 percent of the time, or 67 percent
more than last year's version.

While glitches are not unusual for software updates, Apple attracts more
attention, said Frank Gillett, an analyst at Forrester Research.

"Apple is a bit of lightning rod or a focus because as a company, they inspire a
lot of positive and negative passion and also because they are now this company
with a global brand and global reach," he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              234 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                     (Bits)

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

Answers to Questions About Apple's Announcements, Including the Watch and iPhone
6

BYLINE: NICOLE PERLROTH

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1749 words



HIGHLIGHT: We try to answer your pressing questions about Apple&#8217;s new line
of products. It doesn&#8217;t look good for left-handed watches.


Updated | There had been weeks of rumors and speculation about what Apple would
announce. On Tuesday, we got a glimpse of the company's new offerings, which
included two bigger versions of the iPhone, as well as a smartwatch, dubbed
Apple Watch.

During the announcement, readers submitted their questions on everything from
how Apple's new payment system will work to when the new phones would be
available.

Below are responses to select questions, answered by Times reporters and
editors:

Q.

Keith from Denver asks, "Is there a left-handed version of the watch, with the
crown on the left side of the watch?"

A.

The Apple event only featured watches for right-handed users and we may not know
definitively if there will be a left-handed watch until it becomes available
early next year. Apple co-founder Steven P. Jobs was ambidextrous so one would
hope Apple would cater to lefties as well, but an Apple employee tells us there
is currently no left-handed version.

Q.

Several readers asked about the pricing for non-contract, unlocked phones.

A.

The new iPhone pricing presented by Apple today featured the cost of the devices
when combined with a two-year cellular service contract. The iPhone 6 starts at
$199 and goes to $299 and $399 depending on memory. The $199 offers 16 GB of
memory; the $299 offers 64 GB of memory and the $399 model has 128 GB of memory,
double the previous maximum of 64 GB. The iPhone 6 Plus starts at $299 with a
two-year contract for 16 GB of storage and is $399 and $499 for 64 GB and 128 GB
of storage, respectively.

Non-contract phones are significantly more expensive. Without a contract, the
iPhone 6 costs $649 for 16 GB; $749 for 64 GB; and $849 for 128 GB. Without a
contract, the iPhone 6 Plus costs $749, $849 and $949.

Both devices will become available on Sept. 19, and can be preordered on Sept.
12.

Q.

A reader asks, "As a petite woman I find that my old iPhone 4 is the maximum
size that will fit in many of my pants pockets. The 5 is really stretching
things (literally). Will Apple continue to provide smaller phones for smaller
people? Would the health tracking features of the 6 work if the phone is in a
bag rather than a pocket? Would I look like a kid trying on mommy's watch even
with the smaller iWatch?"

A.

Unfortunately for us petite women, it doesn't appear Apple is going to make
smaller phones any time in the near future. They will, however, continue to sell
the iPhone 5C, but as my colleague Brian X. Chen reports, Apple is catering to
the growing appetite for bigger smartphones.

IDC, the research firm, estimates that at least 20 percent of all smartphones
shipped last year in China, the world's largest smartphone market, were five
inches or larger. IDC predicts that manufacturers this year will ship more
"phablets"- smartphones with screens measuring more than 5.5 inches diagonally -
than laptops.

To deal with concerns that a bigger phone will make typing with one hand
difficult, some changes to the design of the iPhones' user interface will allow
people to type or use apps with just one hand; there will be a one-handed mode
that can be switched on and off, two employees said.

As for the Apple watch, the watch case ranges from 38 mm to 42 mm, or about the
size of a quarter and postage stamp.

Q.

Similarly, a reader in New York asks, "What are the actual dimensions of the new
phones? I'm trying to get a sense of how tall/ wide they are. For example, I am
trying to assess if the 5.5" iPhone 6 Plus will be comfortable to hold!"

A.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are thinner and larger than the previous iPhone 5
models. Compared with the iPhone 5S display, which measures 4 inches diagonally,
the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus measure 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches diagonally,
respectively.

Q.

Tess asks, "Do I need to carry my iPhone with me if I'm using the watch? Or is
it independent of the watch?"

A.

Good question. Apple was pretty vague in its announcement. The Apple Watch pairs
with the newer iPhones - including the iPhone 5, 5S, 5C and iPhone 6 - and pass
information back and forth. If you don't have your iPhone with you, basic watch
functions like time and health and fitness tracking will work, but users will
have limited functionality without their iPhones as far as messaging, music and
other features.

Q.

A reader in Portland, Oregon asks, "Any sense of why Apple Pay won't launch
until October?"

A.

Since Apple Pay appears to only work with the latest versions of the iPhone -
the 6 and 6 Plus - the delay is likely to give the phone time to propagate
throughout the market and possibly also to give its merchant partners like
Disney and Whole Foods time to implement the necessary near-field communication
terminals and payment systems.

Q.

@nicoleperlroth @nytimes @nytimesbits What was in the big box/building outside
Flint Center? - Suzanne Khan (@NDcarTwit)9 Sep 14

A.

Bono, apparently.

Q.

Chris from Connecticut writes, "What ever happened with all the talk about
sapphire screens?"

A.

So, about those sapphire screens. One publication reported that the new iPhone 6
models would incorporate sapphire screens that would be harder to shatter than
glass. Not so. The new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are made with old-fashioned glass.
However, the displays for the most basic Apple Watch and Watch Edition models
will be protected by polished sapphire crystal. Apple chose the material
because, next to diamond, it is the hardest transparent material on earth. The
Apple Watch Sport, however, will be protected by Ion-X glass, which is lighter
and makes more sense for running and other exercise.

Q.

David from New Jersey asks: "Does the new watch allow for NFC transactions?
There's a Passbook App on the watch, but the keynote was blank about it. If the
watch does do NFC transactions, will it work with older iPhones. For example, if
someone has an iPhone 5C or 5S, could they do NFC via the watch?"

A.

The iPhone 6 models and the new watches support near-field communication, or
NFC, which allows devices to send information wirelessly over very short
distances. Apple teamed up with American Express, Mastercard and Visa to support
the NFC payment system, so that iPhone users can use their phone as a digital
wallet.

Apple Pay will only work with the iPhone 5 models if the user has one of the
newer watches, but won't work until the watches are available early next year.

Security experts are cheering Apple's move to NFC because it incorporates the
chip-based smart card standard known as EMV - for Europay-Mastercard-Visa - the
companies that first backed the technology. Security gurus say EMV is more
secure than the magnetic strips on credit cards, because it uses a unique code
for each purchase, making it exceedingly difficult - albeit not impossible -for
hackers to use stolen card numbers for future purchases, or to counterfeit
cards.

The influx of NFC-enabled iPhones could help jump-start mobile payments, which
has yet to take off. Google released a digital wallet in 2011 with little
success. And the unfortunately named Isis - a mobile wallet backed by three
major carriers which was recently renamed Softcard - never caught on either.

Q.

Jordan Moore in Los Angeles, "Does the watch have an altimeter, like FitBit One,
so you know how many flights of stairs or their equivalent you've climbed?"

A.

Apple did not specifically mention an altimeter. The company only said the watch
will include all the capabilities of an all-day fitness tracker and a highly
advanced sports watch. Here's what Apple said it will measure specifically: An
accelerometer that measures total body movement, a heart rate sensor, and an
Activity app which shows how often you've stood up. The watch will use the GPS
and Wi-Fi in your iPhone to track how far you've moved.

Q.

Sam from Boston writes, "Is watch water resistant or waterproof? They didn't
mention it, but if a $350 device I'm supposed to wear all day and through
workouts isn't, it seems like a deal breaker."

A.

Apple did not mention whether its new watches will be water resistant or
waterproof, but if Apple ads featuring hot models dripping sweat onto their new
Apple Watch are any indication, then one hopes they will be! Otherwise, some
models just broke a lot of brand new Apple Watches.

Q.

John from New York writes, "What's the anticipated timing of a refresh on the
iPad line? Is it reasonable to expect something before the 2014 holiday season?
Thanks!"

A.

Apple typically upgrades their iPads once a year. The company has not upgraded
the iPad since last October, so the rumor is we can expect an iPad upgrade
before the holiday season.

Q.

Jon C from Albuquerque, New Mexico asks, "Will the iWatch have an ambient light
sensor, like the Moto 360, to dim the display?"

A.

Apple didn't mention an ambient light sensor, but we can expect some kind of
sensor that detects motion or light to turn the device on.

Q.

Mike from New York asks, "Can it be that the lowest capacity iPhone 6 will have
only 16 GB capacity, two GBs LESS capacity than my current iPhone 5? Will this
make a noticeable difference to someone who does not view many videos or play
any games on the phone?"

A.

No. If you don't watch videos or download games on your phone, you will only
have to worry about photo storage. And you definitely don't have to worry about
app sizes growing. As Phil Schiller noted on stage Tuesday, the current 1.3
million apps that work on earlier iPhones will automatically work on the new
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models.

Q.

John from Massachusetts asks, "Apple mentioned nightly charging requirement; how
long does it take to charge? How long will it run with minimal use?"

A.

Great question. Apple executives did not mention battery life or charging times,
possibly because the company is still trying to figure it out.

Q.

One reader from New York asks, "The Watch obviously doesn't have a lock screen
or require a passcode - so what happens if I lose my watch or it's stolen? Won't
thieves have access to my apps, and my Apple Pay?"

A.

Great question. Several reporters asked Apple executives this very question at
the event and the company did not offer any answers. If Apple does not offer any
authentication on the Watch, the device will be ripe for theft and hacking.

Q.

Will Larche, a reader from the East Village asks, "Is it true that if I sprinkle
lemon juice on them, they won't brown so fast when cut?"

A.

Will, I believe you are looking for the NYT Cooking site.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2014 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              235 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

New iPhone generates more than four million first-day pre-orders

BYLINE: NO BYLINE

SECTION: HS - NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 250 words


Apple received more than four million first-day pre-orders of the next
generation of the iPhone, which goes on sale on Friday.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus became available to pre-order on Friday, more
than a week after the device was unveiled in California.

Customers will be able to get their hands on them from the Apple stores in
Buchanan Street, Glasgow, and the intu Braehead shopping centre.

Apple confirmed that in the first 24 hours of pre-orders going live, more than
four million units were sold - double the number for the iPhone 5 when it went
on sale to pre-order.

Both devices will be available in new sizes for the first time.

The iPhone 6 offers a 4.7-inch screen, and the 6 Plus boasts the biggest screen
- 5.5 inches - which Apple has produced for a smartphone.

The number of orders appears to have caught the technology giant off guard, as
the firm stated that some iPhones might not reach customers until next month.

Apple said: "Demand for the new iPhones exceeds the initial pre-order supply.
While a significant amount will be delivered to customers, beginning on Friday,
many iPhone pre-orders are scheduled to be delivered in October."

Chief executive Tim Cook, who unveiled the new smartphones in a live stage
event, said: "iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are better in every way, and we are
thrilled customers love them as much as we do. Pre-orders for iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus set a new record for Apple, and we cannot wait to get our best
iPhones yet into the hands of customers."

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GH


                      Copyright 2014 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              236 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Apple unveils the Watch, larger iPhones at star-studded event

LENGTH: 894  words


Apple Inc unveiled a new watch, two larger iPhones and a mobile payments service
on Tuesday as Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook seeks to revive the company's
reputation as a wellspring of innovation.

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

CUPERTINO, Calif. - Apple Inc unveiled a new watch, two larger iPhones and a
mobile payments service on Tuesday as Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook seeks to
revive the company's reputation as a wellspring of innovation.

The first new product to be developed and introduced under Cook's reign is a
wearable device tethered to the iPhone that will combine health and fitness
tracking with communications.

Rival watch and wearable device makers are keeping a wary eye on Apple, which
up-ended the music industry and drove once-dominant phone makers like Blackberry
to the brink of extinction, and whose iPad helped shrink personal computer sales
for a time before they recently recovered.

It has an enviable track record when it comes to mobile hardware, though it
tends not to be the first to introduce a new-fangled product category. Rival
electronics giants such as Sony Corp, Samsung, LG Electronics Inc and Qualcomm
Inc have already launched smartwatches, albeit without much success.

The "Apple Watch" will come in three distinct collections, including a sport
edition and an upscale line coated in 18-karat gold.

"Compared to what's out there, it feels like it's very slender. I like the level
of elegance and the three different lines, which include sport and luxury," said
Angela Tafoya, at fashion blog Refinery29.

Bernstein Research analyst Toni Sacconaghi estimated on Tuesday that if Apple
were to sell 30 million watches at $250 each, it would add about $7.5 billion to
its revenue.

The pressure was on for the world's largest tech company to wow at its "special
event" in Cupertino. The prospect of the new watch attracted a broader swathe of
attendees than usual, with celebrities, fashion industry editors and even
healthcare executives rounding out the mostly tech-industry crowd.

On Tuesday, the company also took the wraps off a larger, 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and
5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus. They will support more than 200 telecoms carriers
worldwide, including all three in China - a key growth market for the company.

It also introduced a new mobile payments service dubbed "Apple Pay". Each phone
will come equipped with its new payments service, which launches in the United
States next month and allows users to pay for items in stores with their phones
instead of physically presenting their credit or debit cards.

The move gives Apple access to a trove of data on how consumers shop in brick
and mortar stores, where more than 90 percent of US retail sales are still
conducted.

Barclays Capital said in a Sept 5 note that the mobile payments feature would
give Apple "one of the largest sets of consumer transaction data in the US".

Each new iPhone will come with a "secure element" chip and a near-field
communications, or NFC, antenna.

In a rare move for the company, Apple had planned on livecasting its event
online, with a simultaneous translation in Chinese. But the livestream went down
for many users about a half-hour in, prompting many to take to Twitter to
express their frustrations.

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an Apple event announcing the iPhone 6 and the
Apple Watch at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014.
[Photo/Agencies]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-president at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
and the iPhone 6 Plus during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino,
California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-President at Apple, Inc. speaks about the battery
life of the Iphone 5s, Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-President at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9,
2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

IPhone 6 Plus starts at $299 with a two-year contract. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks in front of a row of iPhones during an Apple event at
the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple Pay combines seamlessly integrated hardware, software, and services in a
way only Apple can. [Photo by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple unveils the Apple Watch, calling it the company's "next chapter". [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple unveils the Apple Watch, calling it the company's "next chapter". [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks about the Apple Watch during an Apple event at the
Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple unveils the Apple Watch, calling it the company's "next chapter". [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook announces the price for an Apple Watch during an Apple event
at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. Apple Watch
will start at $349, available early 2015. [Photo by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              237 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                        June 12, 2015 Friday 6:47 PM GMT

Apple iPhone 7: When can we expect new smartphone to be released and how much is
it likely to cost?;
GET the complete lowdown on what is sure to be the most-hyped smartphone of the
year right here.

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 665 words


ANTICIPATION is building for the release of Apple's latest iPhone - especially
with rival smartphones ramping up the pressure in the last 12 months.

We've seen the Samsung Galaxy S6, Google's Nexus 6 Blue and the HTC One M9.

But it's the turn of Apple to trynand up the ante lone again with the eagerly
awaited iPhone7.

The notoriously secretive company has already revealed its new iOS 9 operating
system at this year's WWDC. But that's just the precursor to what everyone wants
to know about: the hardware.

Plenty of rumours have already started to fly about what Apple has in store for
its iPhone 7 (or iPhone 6S) handset.

Our friends at sister paper the Mirror have collected all the latest information
into one place so you can get the complete lowdown on what is sure to be the
most-hyped smartphone of the year.

iPhone 7 Concept

Apple iPhone 7: Release date

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's unlikely that we'll see
anything officially revealed until September 2015.

Both the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 5S were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy. It will look to take advantage of Black Friday
sales and the run up to Christmas.

Even if the next version is revealed in September, it's unlikely to actually be
available to buy in the UK until October.

Apple iPhone 7: Camera and design

A big clue about what to expect from the iPhone 7's camera was discovered by
developer Hamza Sood inside the iOS 9 code.

The code includes support for a front-facing camera flash - something currently
unavailable on any existing model of iPhone.

What's more, the code also reveals the next iPhone will be able to run FaceTime
at full 1080p high definition. Currently, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus can only
manage 720p defintion.

Apple is clearly targeting selfie-mad snappers who prefer the front-facing
camera to the rear-facing one.

In terms of design, the iPhone 6 was a big change from the iPhone 5S and it's
unlikely Apple will redesign the appearance two years running.

Having said that, both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with
theSamsung Galaxy S6 Edge and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones.

Screen size is a much more contentious issue however. Some rumours have
suggested Apple will reveal three handsets this year, each with a different
screen size.

Alongside the 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch upgrades to the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, some
rumours have suggested a smaller iPhone 6C could be revealed with a 4-inch
screen.

If true, it would give Apple a "budget" option to appeal to those who don't want
to fork out for the larger phones.

Apple iPhone 7: Specs

Because the new iPhone will arrive with Apple's iOS 9 software and an upgraded
processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to a report from Reuters, Apple's arch-nemesis Samsung will be
responsible for building 75per cent of the new processor.

Likely to be called the A9 chip, the new beating heart of the iPhone will be
smaller than the previous iteration - allowing engineers to cram even more
transistors onto the silicone.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.

So far, Apple has resisted updating the random-access memory (RAM) of its
smartphones, but some sources expect the new model to have at least 2GB of RAM
on the clock.

Apple iPhone 7: Price

If the rumours of a smaller, cheaper iPhone 6C are true then it's unlikely that
Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6 - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

Quick Quiz: News 12/06/2015

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              238 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

IPhone 6 sets records, but problems quickly emerge

LENGTH: 994  words


Apple Inc Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook called the introduction of the iPhone
6 and 6 Plus over the weekend the "best launch ever." He may have spoken too
soon.

Tony Zhan, 32, holds up his new iPhone 6 Plus after it went on sale at the Apple
store in Pasadena, California September 19, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Glitches in iOS 8.0.1 operating system bring frustrations to consumers, reports
Bloomberg.

Apple Inc Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook called the introduction of the iPhone
6 and 6 Plus over the weekend the "best launch ever." He may have spoken too
soon.

Just three days after announcing that Apple had sold a record 10 million new
iPhones over the opening weekend, Cook was faced with multiple snafus related to
the bigger-screen handsets. The company pulled a new mobile-software update,
dubbed iOS 8.0.1, after the program caused some people to lose cellular service.
It promised a fix soon.

Scores of consumers also took to social media to criticize the 6 Plus and how it
can bend under sufficient pressure.

Apple fans line up around the world for iPhone 6
Apple unveils the Watch, larger iPhones at star-studded event The stumbles
blemished what had been a carefully choreographed product unveiling that was
meant to put Cook's stamp on Apple. Executives at the California-based company
had for months teased the introduction of the new iPhones before finally
debuting them on Sept 9.

The devices had spurred a frenzy of demand, with pre-orders topping 4 million,
plus the record weekend sales and a thriving gray market for the smartphones in
China and elsewhere.

Now, Cook's rollout of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus is marred, recalling incidents
that the CEO has faced with other product debuts. Last year, Cook apologized for
the iPhone's warranty and repair policies in China after receiving criticism
from the media over customer service in the market. In 2012, Cook also said he
was sorry for Apple's malfunctioning mapping software, which was faulted for
misguided directions and inaccurate landmark locations.

"I just wish that Tim Cook had a better handle on things," said Jason Nochimson,
34, an iPhone 6 owner who spent more than two hours on Apple's customer support
line after downloading the software upgrade on Wednesday and finding it stopped
his cellular service. "I was worried that my daughter's school was going to call
me and I wasn't going to be able to get them."

Apple said in an e-mailed statement that it has devised a workaround for iPhone
6 users who lost voice service or other features. Users can reinstall the
previous version of iOS to restore past functionality and Apple plans to release
a new version of the operating system, iOS 8.0.2, in the next few days.

"We apologize for the great inconvenience experienced by users," Apple said in
the statement.

The new iPhones are crucial to Apple. The devices generate more than half of the
company's annual $171 billion in revenue and precede a swath of other products,
including new iPads, an Apple Watch and a mobile-payments system called Apple
Pay.

Yet while Cook deals with consumer criticism over his handling of the iPhone
rollout, the issues may have little impact on Apple's sales. Demand for the new
handsets has the company poised to sell more than 61 million iPhones in the
December quarter, surpassing last year's record 51 million sold, according to
Barclays.

Sales are also set to pick up[#xff0d]not decelerate[#xff0d]as the new iPhones
become available in more countries. On Sept 19, the first day the handsets went
on sale in stores, Apple rolled them out in 10 countries. The company is set to
introduce the gadgets in another 22 countries on Friday. In total, the iPhones
will be in 115 countries by the end of the year, Apple has said.

Apple fans line up around the world for iPhone 6
Apple unveils the Watch, larger iPhones at star-studded event "It will do
nothing, I don't suspect it will dampen any demand," said Tim Bajarin, an
analyst at Creative Strategies Inc, about concerns over bending phones and iOS
problems.

Apple shares are up 27 percent this year.

Still, some consumers are thinking twice about buying the devices in the wake of
Wednesday's snafus. After having problems with Apple's new software upgrade to
his old iPhone, James Zahrt, a customer since 1989, decided to put off a new
smartphone purchase.

"I was going to order one immediately but now I'm going to wait," said Zahrt,
58, of Mt Prospect, Illinois, who has had troubles with his iPhone 4s' alarm
clock working properly since downloading Apple's iOS 8 software last week. "I
think the bugs need to be worked out on this thing."

The popular tide turned against the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus earlier this week
when reports began emerging that the 5.5-inch screen larger model was bending
when people sat on it. Rivals including BlackBerry Inc Chief Executive Officer
John Chen took a jab at the iPhone on Wednesday, saying he "would challenge you
guys to bend our Passport" device.

That was followed by reports from users on Wednesday that the iOS 8 software
upgrade, which had been issued to address previous software bugs and add the
health and fitness-monitoring application HealthKit, was causing some customers
to experience dropped cell service.

Frustrations about iOS 8 had been mounting even before Wednesday, with user
complaints that their devices' battery life seemed to have dwindled after
downloading the software, along with data showing applications were more likely
to crash with the operating system. According to Crittercism Inc, an analytics
firm, iOS 8 causes apps to crash about 3.3 percent of the time, or 67 percent
more than last year's version.

While glitches are not unusual for software updates, Apple attracts more
attention, said Frank Gillett, an analyst at Forrester Research.

"Apple is a bit of lightning rod or a focus because as a company, they inspire a
lot of positive and negative passion and also because they are now this company
with a global brand and global reach," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              239 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                    September 24, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6 and 6 Plus shows it could bend, but this is about a Design Flaw

LENGTH: 192  words


This time Apple's latest phone the Iphone 6 is showing that it can bend when in
your pocket or when you try forcefully to bend it. But this is nothing to praise
about, because the phone is showing a major device flaw.

"Users of the new Iphone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus have discovered a major design flaw
in Apple's new device: it bends by simply being in your pocket" says Rickey.

MacRumours too reports today "a small but growing number of iPhone 6 Plus owners
have reportedly bent their phones after carrying the devices in their pockets
just days after launch."

"Oh thank goodness I'm not one of the 10 million people who bought an iPhone
over the weekend", says Rickey. The handset is yet to hit emerging markets where
the phone has been delayed (in India).

Note that Apple has said that it has sold over 10 million new iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus models in just three days after the launch on September 19.

You can also look at the 'iPhone 6 Plus Bend Test' video posted by Unbox Therapy
on September 23rd. The video shows how the iPhone 6 bends on applying a little
pressure on the phone.

It is yet not known why the Apple iPhones are bending in the pockets.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              240 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           November 1, 2014 Saturday

iPhone 6 stock flows out of India to meet China demand and Black Friday sales in
US

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: RETAIL

LENGTH: 351 words


KOLKATA: Apple's new flagship iPhone 6 is facing a stock-out in India with the
US firm diverting supplies to select markets such as China, where there's an
unprecedented demand, and to build up stocks for Black Friday shopping on
November 28.

As a result, several large retailers and Apple exclusive stores have stopped
booking of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus."With Apple's distributors failing to
commit on supplies after the launch, we have stopped advance booking to avoid
any confrontation with customer," head of a big electronics retail chain said on
condition of anonymity.

Three senior executives of Apple's trade partners in India said iPhone 6
supplies have become erratic in last two weeks with only an estimated 15,000
units coming in phases. During the midnight launch on October 17, Apple had
shipped around 55,000 units of the new iPhones to India. Supplies of 64 GB
variant of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - which is the most in demand - is the least, the
executives said.

According to industry sources, Apple India management has reportedly warned the
Cupertino, California headquarters that if supplies do not regularise, it may
become an uphill task to beat last year's record sales of two lakh units of the
then new iPhone 5s and 5c during the October-December quarter.

An email sent to Apple did not elicit any response till Thursday press time.

Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at market research firm Counterpoint Research, said
supply issues, exorbitant pricing and lack of EMI offers on iPhone 6 series will
cap the demand for the new Apple flagship at least next two or three
months."Till that time we expect a steady growth in iPhone 5s due to recent
price cuts," he said.

Apple cut prices of older iPhone models two weeks ago. The iPhone 5s 16GB is now
sold at Rs 42,999 while 5c 16GB model is priced Rs 34,000. The 5c 8GB is
available for Rs 29,000 and iPhone 4s 8GB for Rs 21,500.

iPhone models two weeks ago. The iPhone 5s 16GB is now sold at Rs 42,999 while
5c 16GB model is priced Rs 34,000. The 5c 8GB is available for Rs 29,000 and
iPhone 4s 8GB for Rs 21,500.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              241 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

Meteor, 3 Ireland pre-sell iPhone 6;
iPhone 6

LENGTH: 212 words



HIGHLIGHT: Both Meteor and 3 Ireland today said they are taking pre-orders for
the highly anticipated launch in Ireland of the new Apple iPhone 6.


Both Meteor and 3 Ireland today said they are taking pre-orders for the highly
anticipated launch in Ireland of the new Apple iPhone 6.

The latest must-have gadget will be available to pre-order on Meteor from today
for delivery next Friday.

It prices the iPhone 6 (16GB) from E99 on Meteor's Smart Classic price plan,
which includes 6GB of 4G data along with Unlimited Calls and Texts. The iPhone 6
Plus will be available from E199 on the same price plan, it said.

Three said pre-registration numbers for the new phone have been significant and
are expected to sell out quickly. It said that the iPhone 6 will be available
from E179 and the iPhone 6 Plus will be available from E279 on our E55 a month
price plan. Commenting on the pre-sale launch, Elaine Carey, Chief Commercial
Officer at Three, said: "We are delighted to be able to launch the newest iPhone
6 and iPhone 6 Plus so soon after the handset announcement from Apple. There has
been a great level of interest in the new iPhones from customers, and we expect
to sell out promptly. Our 'All You Can Eat' data offer is still the best value
proposition in the market. Combined with either of the exciting new iPhone
handsets, Three continues to offer the best value for customers." For more,
visit www.businessworld.ie

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              242 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           September 13, 2015 Sunday

iPhone 6s battery is 1715 mAh, smaller than the iPhone 6: report

BYLINE: Tech Desk

LENGTH: 211  words


iPhone 6s comes with a smaller battery than the iPhone 6, says a report on
MacRumors (http://www.macrumors.com/2015/09/09/iphone-6s-1715mah-battery/) The
report is based on Apple (http://indianexpress.com/tag/apple/)'s introducing
iPhone 6s video, where the camera briefly lingers on the battery and users can
see the number 1715 etched on the battery.

This would mean that the iPhone 6s' battery is less than the iPhone 6 which had
a battery capacity of 1810 mAh.

The report adds that Apple has also cut down the iPhone 6s Plus' battery to 2750
mAh from the 2910 mAh in the previous version, although this is yet to be
confirmed.

Apple had said at the launch event that the iPhone 6s battery life would be the
same as the iPhone 6, but the smaller battery size has raised concerned. Apple's
iPhone 6s comes with 3D Touch Display, 12 mp camera, 5 mp front camera, a faster
A9 chip and support for 4K recording.

Battery life has always been the weak point for the Apple's iPhones although the
iPhone 6 saw a marked improvement with up to 14 hours talktime and 10 hours of
Internet use being promised on 3G networks. More details about the Apple iPhone
6s and iPhone 6s Plus battery should emerge once the tear-downs begin post
September 25, when the smartphones go on sale.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              243 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             coventrytelegraph.net

                    September 18, 2014 Thursday 2:26 PM GMT

Look: iPhone 6 - everything you need to know;
The new model from Apple hits stores globally tomorrow. Will you be getting one?

BYLINE: By James Rodger

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 342 words


Forget Scottish Independence for a minute - tomorrow is the biggest day of the
week.

Friday will see the brand spanking new iPhone 6 released across the globe, with
manufacturer Apple reporting record numbers of pre-orders from consumers.

Of course, that's hardly a surprise that around 4 million phone lovers have
placed orders. People everywhere are desperate to get their hands on the latest
technology - and the smart iPhone 6 and slightly larger model 6+ mark another
leap forward from Apple.            What is it?

The new iPhone comes in two separate models.

There is a standard 4.7-inch iPhone 6 version which is set to take the baton
from the iPhone 5S, and an iPhone 6+ which boasts a 5.5-inch screen in an aim to
bridge the gap between mobile phones and tablets.            What are the
differences?

Erm, to be honest, not a lot.

Aside from the screen, both models have pretty much the exact same qualities
except the iPhone 6+ boasts an upgraded camera. Hardly surprising, is it, given
the screen size?

Both versions boast longer battery life and better performance than their iPhone
4 and 5 counterparts, with both models offering iOS 8.            How much is
it?

Here are the price breakdowns for the iPhone 6:

16GB: £539

64GB: £619

128GB: £699

And the iPhone 6+:

16GB: £619

64GB: £699

128GB: £789

Different networks offer different pricing plans and costs.            Why
should I get one?

If you aren't somebody tempted by fashions and fads, maybe you will be swayed by
the iPhone 6's avant-garde model designs and improved technology and better
performance.

The model's curved edges mean you have the power button on the side of the model
rather than the top and, because of the bigger screen, double-clicking the
centre home button brings up all your app icons within a thumb's reach.

The camera has improved, too, with faster autofocus and next-gen local tone
mapping.

The better battery life is obviously a huge draw for workers, with iOS 8
offering them improved performance and connectivity so you can reply to e-mails
and messages reliably and promptly.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBET


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              244 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             coventrytelegraph.net

                    September 18, 2014 Thursday 2:26 PM GMT

Look: iPhone 6 - everything you need to know;
The new model from Apple hits stores globally tomorrow. Will you be getting one?

BYLINE: By James Rodger

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 342 words


Forget Scottish Independence for a minute - tomorrow is the biggest day of the
week.

Friday will see the brand spanking new iPhone 6 released across the globe, with
manufacturer Apple reporting record numbers of pre-orders from consumers.

Of course, that's hardly a surprise that around 4 million phone lovers have
placed orders. People everywhere are desperate to get their hands on the latest
technology - and the smart iPhone 6 and slightly larger model 6+ mark another
leap forward from Apple.            What is it?

The new iPhone comes in two separate models.

There is a standard 4.7-inch iPhone 6 version which is set to take the baton
from the iPhone 5S, and an iPhone 6+ which boasts a 5.5-inch screen in an aim to
bridge the gap between mobile phones and tablets.            What are the
differences?

Erm, to be honest, not a lot.

Aside from the screen, both models have pretty much the exact same qualities
except the iPhone 6+ boasts an upgraded camera. Hardly surprising, is it, given
the screen size?

Both versions boast longer battery life and better performance than their iPhone
4 and 5 counterparts, with both models offering iOS 8.            How much is
it?

Here are the price breakdowns for the iPhone 6:

16GB: £539

64GB: £619

128GB: £699

And the iPhone 6+:

16GB: £619

64GB: £699

128GB: £789

Different networks offer different pricing plans and costs.            Why
should I get one?

If you aren't somebody tempted by fashions and fads, maybe you will be swayed by
the iPhone 6's avant-garde model designs and improved technology and better
performance.

The model's curved edges mean you have the power button on the side of the model
rather than the top and, because of the bigger screen, double-clicking the
centre home button brings up all your app icons within a thumb's reach.

The camera has improved, too, with faster autofocus and next-gen local tone
mapping.

The better battery life is obviously a huge draw for workers, with iOS 8
offering them improved performance and connectivity so you can reply to e-mails
and messages reliably and promptly.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBET


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              245 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

Apple sells more than 10m new iPhones in 1st 3-day

LENGTH: 523  words


Apple Inc said it sold more than 10 million iPhones in the first weekend after
its new models went on sale on Friday, underscoring strong demand for phones
with larger displays.

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-President at Apple Inc., announces new pricing for
iPhones an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September
9, 2014.[Photo/Agencies]

Apple Inc said it sold more than 10 million iPhones in the first weekend after
its new models went on sale on Friday, underscoring strong demand for phones
with larger displays.

Chief Executive Tim Cook said the company could have sold even more iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus models if supplies had been available.

Analysts had estimated first-weekend sales of up to 10 million iPhones, after
Apple booked record pre-orders of 4 million on Sept 12, the day pre-orders
opened.

Apple's shares were little changed at $100.98 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq
on Monday.

The company's first-quarter revenue is likely to be 9 percent higher than Wall
Street estimates, based on reported sales and projected demand for the new
iPhones, Piper Jaffray & Co analyst Gene Munster wrote in a note.

Apple fans line up around the world for iPhone 6

Opportunists cash in on delayed iPhone launch in China

Munster said he expected earnings per share to be 12 percent higher than
estimates.

"Despite the supply chain constraints around the iPhone 6 Plus and tightness
around certain models of the iPhone 6, we believe (Monday's) strong print
demonstrates that Apple executed extremely well in the face of severe supply
constraints," Cantor Fitzgerald analyst Brian White wrote in a note.

First-day pre-orders for the new phones, which went on sale in 10 countries, far
surpassed the 2 million recorded for the iPhone 5 model two years ago.

"While our team managed the manufacturing ramp better than ever before, we could
have sold many more iPhones with greater supply and we are working hard to fill
orders as quickly as possible," Cook said in a statement.

Apple sold 9 million iPhone 5S and 5C models last year in 11 countries,
including China, in the first weekend they were available.

Sales of the latest models in China, the world's largest smartphone market, have
been delayed by regulatory issues.

Lured by the prospect of profit from smuggling the new iPhones into China,
opportunists joined the scores of fans outside Apple stores to buy the devices.

Apple said last week that many US customers would have to wait until next month
for their new iPhones due to strong demand. The company routinely faces iPhone
supply constraints, particularly in years that involve a re-design.

The new iPhones will be available in 20 more countries on Sept 26, Apple said.

The company sold 5 million iPhone 5 handsets, 4 million iPhone 4S models and 1.7
million iPhone 4 units during the first weekend.

The shipment levels of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are positive, given that the
new models are not initially available in China, Stifel Nicolaus & Co analyst
Aaron Rakers wrote in a note.

Rakers noted that the latest models would be available in 115 countries by the
end of this year compared with 100 for iPhone 5S and 5C.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              246 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                               September 23, 2014

Apple sells more than 10m new iPhones in 1st 3-day

LENGTH: 523  words


Apple Inc said it sold more than 10 million iPhones in the first weekend after
its new models went on sale on Friday, underscoring strong demand for phones
with larger displays.

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-President at Apple Inc., announces new pricing for
iPhones an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September
9, 2014.[Photo/Agencies]

Apple Inc said it sold more than 10 million iPhones in the first weekend after
its new models went on sale on Friday, underscoring strong demand for phones
with larger displays.

Chief Executive Tim Cook said the company could have sold even more iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus models if supplies had been available.

Analysts had estimated first-weekend sales of up to 10 million iPhones, after
Apple booked record pre-orders of 4 million on Sept 12, the day pre-orders
opened.

Apple's shares were little changed at $100.98 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq
on Monday.

The company's first-quarter revenue is likely to be 9 percent higher than Wall
Street estimates, based on reported sales and projected demand for the new
iPhones, Piper Jaffray & Co analyst Gene Munster wrote in a note.

Apple fans line up around the world for iPhone 6

Opportunists cash in on delayed iPhone launch in China

Munster said he expected earnings per share to be 12 percent higher than
estimates.

"Despite the supply chain constraints around the iPhone 6 Plus and tightness
around certain models of the iPhone 6, we believe (Monday's) strong print
demonstrates that Apple executed extremely well in the face of severe supply
constraints," Cantor Fitzgerald analyst Brian White wrote in a note.

First-day pre-orders for the new phones, which went on sale in 10 countries, far
surpassed the 2 million recorded for the iPhone 5 model two years ago.

"While our team managed the manufacturing ramp better than ever before, we could
have sold many more iPhones with greater supply and we are working hard to fill
orders as quickly as possible," Cook said in a statement.

Apple sold 9 million iPhone 5S and 5C models last year in 11 countries,
including China, in the first weekend they were available.

Sales of the latest models in China, the world's largest smartphone market, have
been delayed by regulatory issues.

Lured by the prospect of profit from smuggling the new iPhones into China,
opportunists joined the scores of fans outside Apple stores to buy the devices.

Apple said last week that many US customers would have to wait until next month
for their new iPhones due to strong demand. The company routinely faces iPhone
supply constraints, particularly in years that involve a re-design.

The new iPhones will be available in 20 more countries on Sept 26, Apple said.

The company sold 5 million iPhone 5 handsets, 4 million iPhone 4S models and 1.7
million iPhone 4 units during the first weekend.

The shipment levels of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are positive, given that the
new models are not initially available in China, Stifel Nicolaus & Co analyst
Aaron Rakers wrote in a note.

Rakers noted that the latest models would be available in 115 countries by the
end of this year compared with 100 for iPhone 5S and 5C.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              247 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                          September 27, 2014 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Options for new and old smartphones

BYLINE: Gillian Shaw, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: WEEKEND REVIEW; Pg. F3

LENGTH: 625 words


Whether it's time to buy a BlackBerry, sell your iPhone or protect your new
iPhone 6 from expensive repairs, here are the latest options.


BlackBerry Passport Business users who lamented the loss of a keyboard on their
touchscreen smartphones have a new option with this week's release of
BlackBerry's new Passport. The big square-screened Passport comes with a
touch-sensitive QWERTY keyboard. It's available now through Telus Mobility,
starting at $100 bundled with Internet and Optik TV service on a two-year
contract; $200 (an introductory price until Sept. 30) with a two-year phone
contract and $700 with no contract. The factory unlocked version from BlackBerry
is $700. The touchscreen on the Passport is 4.5 inches with 453 pixels per inch,
higher than Apple's iPhone 6 Plus. It's heftier and wider than Samsung's Note 4
and the iPhone 6 Plus. BlackBerry says the passport-like size makes it easy to t
in a pocket. That would be a suit pocket. The Passport has BlackBerry's new 10.3
operating system, which includes BlackBerry Blend, an app that links your
messages and content from your BlackBerry to your computer or tablet. It has a
13-megapixel rear-facing camera with optical image stabilization and 1080p HD
video recording and a front-facing 2MP camera with 720p recording. Find out more
at ca.blackberry.com.


Orchard app -Sell Your iPhone Are you looking to sell your old iPhone so you can
buy a new iPhone 6? There's an app for that. The app Orchard tests your phone,
gives you a selling price and if you choose to sell it, the company will send
you a shipping box to send in your phone. With Apple announcing it set a record
for iPhone sales, no doubt there are a lot of second-hand iPhones looking for a
new home. The problem, says Bruno Wong, a University of Victoria grad who
co-founded the Toronto-based start up Orchard with Alex Sebastian of Vancouver
and University of Toronto grad Hamza Javed, is that the majority of people don't
want to go through the hassle of selling. Only 18 per cent of smartphones get
resold, a bit higher for iPhones. Orchard charges sellers 20 per cent if they'll
wait for three weeks for their phone to sell and get their money; for two weeks,
the fee goes up to 25 per cent; for one week it's 30 per cent and for a one-day
sale - it's 35 per cent. I tested the app with my 64-GB factory unlocked iPhone
5. The app estimated it's worth $380, meaning if I opted to wait three weeks to
get my money, I'd net $304. If I wanted the money immediately, I'd get $247. By
comparison, with Bell Mobility's trade-in program my phone would be worth $125.
The company plans to expand its service, adding iPads, Android devices and other
consumer electronics. Look for Orchard -Sell Your iPhone by Orchard Labs Inc. in
Apple's app store.

BodyGuardz Screen Protectors We often put our phones in a case but leave the
screens unprotected. If you've ever sat on your phone, had it crushed in the
bottom of a hockey bag or suffered some other similarly shattering experience,
you'll know that damaged screens can be an expensive headache. Already repair
shops say they are getting iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones in for screen
repairs and Apple has posted screen repair prices: $109 for the iPhone 6 and
$129 for the iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 5s, iPhone 5c and the iPhone 5. You could
invest in a BodyGuardz screen protector for your new iPhone 6 or 6 Plus with
several options including the ScreenGuardz Pure and the ScreenGuardz Pure
Anti-Glare at $40; the HD Impact and the HD Impact Anti-glass at $30, the $25
Clear Skins, which are an ultrathin clear polyurethane protector that wraps the
entire iPhone, and Armor, a PVC lm that retails for $20. Find them at
bodyguardz.com.

gshaw@vancouversun.com vancouversun.com

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Vancouver Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              248 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The East Bay Times (California)

                              June 17, 2016 Friday

Apple appeals China ruling to halt some iPhone sales

BYLINE: By Rex Crum, rcrum@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: NEWS; Business

LENGTH: 526 words


CUPERTINO -- Apple said Friday that it's doing business as usual in Beijing as
the company appeals a Chinese governmental agency's ruling that banned the sale
of some iPhone models in China's capital city.

The Beijing Intellectual Property Bureau told Apple it had to stop selling the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in the city because the smartphones violated a patent
held by Chinese phonemaker Shenzhen Baili. The dispute, which has been going on
for more than a year, is over a patent covering the external design of Shenzhen
Baili's 100C phone.

However, Apple has appealed the order to halt iPhones sales, and said in a
statement, "As a result, the order has been stayed pending review by the Beijing
IP (intellectual property) court."

Apple said that during the appeal process, its iPhones, including the iPhone 6s,
iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone SE, as well as the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, "are
all available for sale today in China."

Gene Munster, an analyst who covers Apple for Piper Jaffray, said the clampdown
on the iPhones is more symbolic than anything, due to the timing of the move and
when Apple is likely to release the next iteration of the smartphone. Apple
historically holds an event in early fall to stoke enthusiasm for the newest
iPhone ahead of the Christmas and holiday shopping season.

"The bottom line is that the ruling is unlikely to have any impact on (sales)
numbers because the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus model will be discontinued in
September," Munster said. "Even if the device were banned through all of China
for the September quarter, it would likely be no more than a 2 percent to 3
percent headwind," on Apple's sales during the period.

However, the importance of the Chinese market to Apple can't be underestimated.

China surpassed Europe as Apple's second-largest revenue region last year, and
the country trails only the Americas in terms of Apple's regional sales. When
Apple reported its fiscal second-quarter results in April, revenue from China
totaled $12.5 billion, compared to the $19.1 billion that came from sales in the
Americas. Sales in China fell by 26 percent from a year ago, and the performance
of the country was one of the main reasons given for Apple's decline in
year-over-year sales for the first time since 2003.

UBS analyst Steven Milunovich agreed with Munster about the Chinese agency's
ruling on Apple's immediate business, but said the decision highlights the
tricky situation Apple faces when it comes to doing business in China. An
example of that came earlier this year, when Apple had to shut down its iBooks
store and sales of iTunes movies due to new Chinese laws against the publishing
of content by foreign companies.

"China is an existential threat to Apple in that the government could decide to
favor local suppliers," Milunovich said. "However, we view this as a long-term
risk."

Along with trying to boost its own sales in China, Apple has invested in other
opportunities in the country. In May, Apple made a $1 billion investment in
ride-sharing company Didi Chuxing, which is considered to be the top rival to
Uber in China.

Contact Rex Crum at 408-278-3415. Follow him on Twttier.com/rexcrum .

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              249 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Mercury News (California)

                              June 17, 2016 Friday

Apple appeals China ruling to halt some iPhone sales

BYLINE: By Rex Crum, rcrum@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; News; Business

LENGTH: 526 words


CUPERTINO -- Apple said Friday that it's doing business as usual in Beijing as
the company appeals a Chinese governmental agency's ruling that banned the sale
of some iPhone models in China's capital city.

The Beijing Intellectual Property Bureau told Apple it had to stop selling the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in the city because the smartphones violated a patent
held by Chinese phonemaker Shenzhen Baili. The dispute, which has been going on
for more than a year, is over a patent covering the external design of Shenzhen
Baili's 100C phone.

However, Apple has appealed the order to halt iPhones sales, and said in a
statement, "As a result, the order has been stayed pending review by the Beijing
IP (intellectual property) court."

Apple said that during the appeal process, its iPhones, including the iPhone 6s,
iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone SE, as well as the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, "are
all available for sale today in China."

Gene Munster, an analyst who covers Apple for Piper Jaffray, said the clampdown
on the iPhones is more symbolic than anything, due to the timing of the move and
when Apple is likely to release the next iteration of the smartphone. Apple
historically holds an event in early fall to stoke enthusiasm for the newest
iPhone ahead of the Christmas and holiday shopping season.

"The bottom line is that the ruling is unlikely to have any impact on (sales)
numbers because the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus model will be discontinued in
September," Munster said. "Even if the device were banned through all of China
for the September quarter, it would likely be no more than a 2 percent to 3
percent headwind," on Apple's sales during the period.

However, the importance of the Chinese market to Apple can't be underestimated.

China surpassed Europe as Apple's second-largest revenue region last year, and
the country trails only the Americas in terms of Apple's regional sales. When
Apple reported its fiscal second-quarter results in April, revenue from China
totaled $12.5 billion, compared to the $19.1 billion that came from sales in the
Americas. Sales in China fell by 26 percent from a year ago, and the performance
of the country was one of the main reasons given for Apple's decline in
year-over-year sales for the first time since 2003.

UBS analyst Steven Milunovich agreed with Munster about the Chinese agency's
ruling on Apple's immediate business, but said the decision highlights the
tricky situation Apple faces when it comes to doing business in China. An
example of that came earlier this year, when Apple had to shut down its iBooks
store and sales of iTunes movies due to new Chinese laws against the publishing
of content by foreign companies.

"China is an existential threat to Apple in that the government could decide to
favor local suppliers," Milunovich said. "However, we view this as a long-term
risk."

Along with trying to boost its own sales in China, Apple has invested in other
opportunities in the country. In May, Apple made a $1 billion investment in
ride-sharing company Didi Chuxing, which is considered to be the top rival to
Uber in China.

Contact Rex Crum at 408-278-3415. Follow him on Twttier.com/rexcrum .

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              250 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       July 28, 2015 Tuesday 12:46 PM GMT

Apple iPhone 7: Release date, price, news and rumours;
Apple's next superstar smartphone is surely in the pipeline - here's everything
we know about it so far

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 655 words


Recent smartphones like the Samsung Galaxy S6 and HTC One M9 have ratcheted up
the pressure on Apple to produce something special for 2015.

The notoriously secretive company has already revealed its new iOS 9 operating
system at this year's WWDC. But that's just the precursor to what everyone wants
to know about: the hardware.

Plenty of rumours have already started to fly about what Apple has in store for
its iPhone 7 (or iPhone 6S) handset.

We've collected all the latest information into one place so you can get the
complete lowdown on what is sure to be the most-hyped smartphone of the
year.Apple iPhone 7: Release date

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's unlikely that we'll see
anything officially revealed until September 2015.

Both the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 5S were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy. It will look to take advantage of Black Friday
sales and the run up to Christmas.

Even if the next version is revealed in September, it's unlikely to actually be
available to buy in the UK until October.Apple iPhone 7: Camera and design

A big clue about what to expect from the iPhone 7's camera was discovered by
developer Hamza Sood inside the iOS 9 code.

The code includes support for a front-facing camera flash - something currently
unavailable on any existing model of iPhone.

Hamza tweet 1

What's more, the code also reveals the next iPhone will be able to run FaceTime
at full 1080p high definition. Currently, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus can only
manage 720p defintion.

Apple is clearly targeting selfie-mad snappers who prefer the front-facing
camera to the rear-facing one.

In terms of design, the iPhone 6 was a big change from the iPhone 5S and it's
unlikely Apple will redesign the appearance two years running.

Having said that, both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the
Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones.

Screen size is a much more contentious issue however. Some rumours have
suggested Apple will reveal three handsets this year, each with a different
screen size.

Alongside the 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch upgrades to the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, some
rumours have suggested a smaller iPhone 6C could be revealed with a 4-inch
screen.

If true, it would give Apple a "budget" option to appeal to those who don't want
to fork out for the larger phones.Apple iPhone 7: Specs

Because the new iPhone will arrive with Apple's iOS 9 software and an upgraded
processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to a report from Reuters, Apple's arch-nemesis Samsung will be
responsible for building 75% of the new processor.

Likely to be called the A9 chip, the new beating heart of the iPhone will be
smaller than the previous iteration - allowing engineers to cram even more
transistors onto the silicone.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.

So far, Apple has resisted updating the random-access memory (RAM) of its
smartphones, but some sources expect the new model to have at least 2GB of RAM
on the clock.Apple iPhone 7: Price

If the rumours of a smaller, cheaper iPhone 6C are true then it's unlikely that
Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6 - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here, plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              251 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Early reviews heap praise on big-screen iPhones

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 536 words


Early reviews of Apple iPhone 6 models to be released on Friday sang praises of
the large-screen handsets, proclaiming that bigger truly is better.

"The public asked for bigger and Apple delivered not only bigger but better,
too," tech news website Slash Gear said in its review.

"A stunning Retina HD display, blisteringly fast A8 processor, and class-leading
connectivity make these the best iPhones ever."

Mixed in with details about improvements to cameras and screens was advice that
would-be buyers inclined to use smartphones as, well, phones, should opt for an
iPhone 6 instead of its bigger-screened brother the iPhone 6 Plus.

"There are a couple of reasons why the Apple iPhone 6 Plus might also be too big
for me to purchase," Lauren Goode wrote in a review at Recode.net.

"But I have to admit it: I'm tempted. I really like this phone. And to people
who actually prefer huge smartphones: You are going to like this phone, too."

Reviewers said that while the iPhone 6 Plus was a weighty handful, Apple
tastefully modified the design to make it comfortable to hold and use.

TechCrunch referred to the iPhone 6 Plus as the "first truly well-designed big
smartphone."

- Pre-order frenzy -

New iPhone 6 models boost screen sizes in what some see as the company catching
up to a "phablet" trend combining features of smartphones and tablets.

Apple's main rival Samsung has long had a range of larger handsets and is due to
soon release a new Galaxy Note 4 "phablet."

The iPhone 6 has a screen of 4.7 inches and the 6-Plus is 5.5 inches, allowing
Apple to adapt to consumers' apparent preference for bigger displays.

"Apple hasn't fumbled," David Pogue of Yahoo Tech news said in a review.

"Its two new iPhones are excellent. Beautiful. State of the art. Worthy heirs to
the iPhone throne."

Some reviewers noted that the iPhone 6 Plus is pricier than rival phablets, and
that the latest Apple smartphones cost tidy sums if prices are not offset by
telecom firms in exchange for locking into service contracts.

Apple on Monday said it had received record pre-orders for its new iPhone
models, and that some customers will have to wait for the larger-screen versions
of the smartphones.

The California tech giant said more than four million pre-orders were received
in the 24 hours after the new devices went on sale last Friday.

"Demand for the new iPhones exceeds the initial pre-order supply and while a
significant amount will be delivered to customers beginning on Friday and
throughout September, many iPhone pre-orders are scheduled to be delivered in
October," Apple said in a statement.

The announcement means Apple may see shortages and long lines at its retail
stores when sales begin on Friday.

Sales are set to open at 8 am local time in the US, Australia, Canada, France,
Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and Britain. Some 20 more
countries will get the iPhone September 26.

Some of the new iPhones will also be available from carriers and other
retailers.

Apple last Tuesday unveiled its first smartwatch and two large-screen versions
of the iPhone, in a move to recapture its role as a trend-setter.

Apple added in a new mobile wallet that will allow consumers to simply tap their
phones to pay retailers.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2014 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              252 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

Apple's (AAPL) iPhone 6 and 6 Plus sales top 10 million in first weekend;
Apple sold a record 10 million iPhones in its first weekend. That's 1 million
more than the iPhone 5 and 5C, and the new iPhones haven't begun selling in
China.

BYLINE: Bryan Cronan Staff Writer

SECTION: Innovation

LENGTH: 438 words


Apple didn't just beat expected sales of the new iPhones, it blew them out of
the water.

Apple announced Monday that it sold more than 10 million iPhone 6 and 6 Plus
phones in its first weekend on the market. That beats the record 9 million
iPhone 5 and 5C sold during the first weekend.

"Sales for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus exceeded our expectations for the launch
weekend, and we couldn't be happier," Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a statement.
"While our team managed the manufacturing ramp better than ever before, we could
have sold many more iPhones with greater supply and we are working hard to fill
orders as quickly as possible."

The new generation of iPhones is an attempt to enter the 'phablet' market. The
screen on the iPhone 6 is 4.7 diagonal inches and 5.5 inches for the iPhone 6
Plus. The previous iPhone 5S and 5C are 4 inches. Many believe that phablets,
phones with a screen that's 5.5 inches or larger, are the future of the phone
industry. In China, the largest cellphone market in the world, 20 percent of all
phones that were sold in 2013 were phablets, according to a study done by the
research firm IDC. The study predicted that the sales for the larger phones will
outpace the sales of laptops.

The sales numbers were on the upper end of what most experts expected. Analysts
anticipated the phone to sell between 6.5 million and the low eight-digits.

The number of iPhones sold over the weekend doesn't include those sold in the
Chinese market. Apple has been forced to delay sales in China until Chinese
regulators approve the new devices.

But that isn't keeping some in China from getting their hands on the new phones.
A black market for the phones in China has sprung up. Resellers are standing
outside Apple stores and promising two-day delivery on a 16-gigabyte iPhone 6
for $1,300 to $2,400, according to Bloomberg.

"It's going to be a while before the new iPhone comes to China officially, so if
you want it now, you have to pay up," reseller Liu Min told Bloomberg. "Give me
a call if you want one."

The sales numbers came as a much needed boost to Apple, which has been in
engulfed in controversy over the leaking of nude celebrity photos. The leaks
caused many to question the security of Apple's devices, though Apple maintains
that its systems are secure.

"Security and privacy are fundamental to the design of all our hardware,
software, and services, including iCloud and new services like Apple Pay," Mr.
Cook wrote in a letter to customers.

The opening weekend sales is a good sign for the new generation of iPhones, and
the numbers will only get better when the phones begin selling in China.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              253 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                      August 25, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Gadget repair vendor iFixit reports 'Touch Disease' defect affecting iPhone 6,
iPhone 6 Plus

BYLINE: Nimisha Sachdev

LENGTH: 249  words


Researchers at gadget repair vendor iFixit has recently drawn attention to a
latent manufacturing defect in Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus handsets which
causes the displays of the handsets to behave in a number of erratic ways like
flickering and becoming unresponsive.

The defect has been dubbed by iFixit as 'Touch Disease.'

Revealing that the 'Touch Disease' latent manufacturing defect causing
display-related issues in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus handsets can make
"millions" of iPhones potentially vulnerable, iFixit researchers said that the
defect appears to affect iPhone units indiscriminately.

According to the details shared by iFixit researchers, the 'Touch Disease'
defect appears in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus handsets without any apparent cause
or forewarning, and it mostly manifests itself in the form of visual artifacts
and skewed sensitivity.

As a result of the 'Touch Disease' defect, a thin, gray strip fades in and out,
close to the top-most section of the screens of affected devices. The
problematic strip, which is accompanied by annoying non-responsiveness to touch,
eventually makes the touchscreen completely inoperable.

Explaining the 'Touch Disease' defect in a video, an iFixit spokesman said: "At
first, there may be no defect at all. Later you might notice that the screen is
sometimes unresponsive, but it is quick to come back with a hard reset. As the
crack deepens into a full separation of the chip-board [crack], the periods of
no touch become more frequent."

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              254 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              chroniclelive.co.uk

                     September 19, 2014 Friday 1:31 PM GMT

Apple fans queue through the night in Eldon Square for the new iPhone 6 and 6
Plus;
Eldon Square shoppers stood in a queue which snaked up Newgate Street hoping to
get their hands on the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus

BYLINE: By Hannah Flint

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 435 words


Apple fans queue through the night in Eldon Square for the new iPhone 6 and 6
Plus

Diehard technology fans queued for up to 12 hours to get their hands on the
latest mobile phone on the market.

Fanatics desperate for Apple's new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus queued for hours
outside Eldon Square shopping centre in Newcastle in the rain.

In the early hours of the morning, over 300 fans stood in the queue that snaked
up Newgate Street before the Apple shop was finally opened at 8am.

Fans were still waiting outside at 10am on the day of the launch of the handsets
which promise 4G reception and longer battery life.

But many were left disappointed after the shop sold out of the iPhone 6 Plus -
the bigger version of the new phone.

Osan Al-Jaberly, 18, a student from Gosforth, said he waited in line at the
Metro Centre at 4am, but left after he was told only the iPhone 6 was being
sold.

He then made his way to Eldon Square only to find out his desired 6 Plus was
already sold out.

Apple fans gather for release of new iPhone

He said: "It wasn't worth me waking up so early - they won't get more iPhone 6
Pluses in until next week.

"I'm going to go home and complain to Apple - they need to sort their self out
and get more stock in the future."

The lucky first fans to get their hands on the new models waited 12 hours for
their phones.

Calvin Liu, a 20-year-old student who lives in Sunderland, said: "I came here at
9pm last night and there were about 15 people in front of me. I've had all the
models of the iPhone: the 4, the 4S, the 5 and the 5S. I'm a huge iPhone fan."

He walked away with one iPhone 6 and one Plus, bought for his girlfriend.

Others came well prepared for the long wait.

Queues in Newcastle for Apple's new iPhone six

James Bunting, 24, bought chairs, crisps, an umbrella and an energy drink and
sat with two friends playing games in the queue from midnight.

He said the team from Apple arrived at around 6am and let only a few people into
the mall, while leaving hundreds of others to continue waiting.

He managed to grab a phone just before 10am this morning.

"It was a long nine hours but nine hours well served," he said.

But not everyone was so lucky. A group of fans who arrived at 4am were still
waiting at the end of the queue in the shopping centre by 9am on the
long-anticipated day of the launch, while many more were still stuck outside.
Student Jamal Khan, 18, from Stockton said: "We came here at four in the morning
and we're at the back of the line waiting for the phone. It's a bit upsetting."

He added that he had only managed two hours of sleep overnight.

Disqus commenting in articles

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBNEC


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              255 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              chroniclelive.co.uk

                     September 19, 2014 Friday 1:31 PM GMT

Apple fans queue through the night in Eldon Square for the new iPhone 6 and 6
Plus;
Eldon Square shoppers stood in a queue which snaked up Newgate Street hoping to
get their hands on the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus

BYLINE: By Hannah Flint

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 435 words


Apple fans queue through the night in Eldon Square for the new iPhone 6 and 6
Plus

Diehard technology fans queued for up to 12 hours to get their hands on the
latest mobile phone on the market.

Fanatics desperate for Apple's new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus queued for hours
outside Eldon Square shopping centre in Newcastle in the rain.

In the early hours of the morning, over 300 fans stood in the queue that snaked
up Newgate Street before the Apple shop was finally opened at 8am.

Fans were still waiting outside at 10am on the day of the launch of the handsets
which promise 4G reception and longer battery life.

But many were left disappointed after the shop sold out of the iPhone 6 Plus -
the bigger version of the new phone.

Osan Al-Jaberly, 18, a student from Gosforth, said he waited in line at the
Metro Centre at 4am, but left after he was told only the iPhone 6 was being
sold.

He then made his way to Eldon Square only to find out his desired 6 Plus was
already sold out.

Apple fans gather for release of new iPhone

He said: "It wasn't worth me waking up so early - they won't get more iPhone 6
Pluses in until next week.

"I'm going to go home and complain to Apple - they need to sort their self out
and get more stock in the future."

The lucky first fans to get their hands on the new models waited 12 hours for
their phones.

Calvin Liu, a 20-year-old student who lives in Sunderland, said: "I came here at
9pm last night and there were about 15 people in front of me. I've had all the
models of the iPhone: the 4, the 4S, the 5 and the 5S. I'm a huge iPhone fan."

He walked away with one iPhone 6 and one Plus, bought for his girlfriend.

Others came well prepared for the long wait.

Queues in Newcastle for Apple's new iPhone six

James Bunting, 24, bought chairs, crisps, an umbrella and an energy drink and
sat with two friends playing games in the queue from midnight.

He said the team from Apple arrived at around 6am and let only a few people into
the mall, while leaving hundreds of others to continue waiting.

He managed to grab a phone just before 10am this morning.

"It was a long nine hours but nine hours well served," he said.

But not everyone was so lucky. A group of fans who arrived at 4am were still
waiting at the end of the queue in the shopping centre by 9am on the
long-anticipated day of the launch, while many more were still stuck outside.
Student Jamal Khan, 18, from Stockton said: "We came here at four in the morning
and we're at the back of the line waiting for the phone. It's a bit upsetting."

He added that he had only managed two hours of sleep overnight.

Disqus commenting in articles

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBNEC


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              256 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             The Malta Independent

                               September 22, 2014

Study: Apple's new iPhones score big in durability

LENGTH: 436  words


Apple's new and bigger iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are more durable than last
year's model and a leading Android phone, a study says.

Apple's iPhone 6, whose screen measures 4.7 inches (11.9 centimeters), did the
best across a variety of tests that measures how prone smartphones are to break
due to every day accidents, SquareTrade, a company that provides extended
protection plans, says.

The iPhone Plus 6, whose screen measures 5.5 inches (14 centimeters), wasn't far
behind but lost points because it could slip out of a person's hand since some
users may have a hard time gripping its large but slim form, SquareTrade says.

The iPhone 5s, which measures 4 inches (10 centimeters) and came out last year,
fared better than Samsung's Galaxy S5, which measures 5.1 inches (12.95
centimeters). The Samsung phone got poor marks on several tests including the
slide test. The more a phone slides, the greater its chance of falling off the
edge of a table.

Still, all four of the smartphones tested had a medium risk of breakage and had
no drastic differences among them.

"The phones are getting more and more durable," says Ty Shay, chief marketing
officer at SquareTrade. "Manufacturers are paying more attention."

SquareTrade examines the phones based on eight factors, including size, weight,
grip and the quality of the front and back panels. The company measured how far
the phones slide when pushed across a table on their backs and how well they
withstand drops from 4 feet (1.2 meters) and being dunked in water for 10
seconds.

SquareTrade says it uses robots to do the testing to ensure consistency, and
rates the phones on a 10-point durability scale, with 10 signifying the highest
risk. Apple's iPhone 6 scored the best at 4; the iPhone 6 Plus scored a 5; the
iPhone 5s a 6; and Samsung Galaxy S5 a 6.5.

Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus passed the slide test, but the iPhone 5s and
Samsung Galaxy's S5 got poor marks in that area. The iPhone 6 Plus was the only
one that didn't fare as well when dropped 4 feet (1.2 meters) by the robot. The
glass screen survived, but the case separated from the glass. All four phones
fared well in the water resistance test.

SquareTrade provided The Associated Press with the results ahead of Monday's
announcement.

Aside from larger screens, the new Apple iPhones 6 and 6 Plus announced this
month promises faster performance and offers a wireless chip for making credit
card payments at stores by holding the phone near the payment terminal. The
phones start at $199 with a two-year service contact. The phones went on sale
this past week in the U.S. and nine other countries.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1594


                    Copyright 2014 Standard Publications Ltd
               Provided by Syndigate Media Inc. (Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              257 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         The Sunday Telegraph (London)

                               September 14, 2014
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

OUR SAY;
Our specialists answer your travel questions

SECTION: DISCOVER;FEATURES; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 533 words


FAQ  How useful is the new iphone 6 for travellers?

A DONALD STRACHAN, technology expert, replies:

Apple's two new iPhones, the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus, have bigger and
better screens than the iPhone 5, but for travellers other considerations are
usually more important. Here is my guide to the key areas to consider:

Longer battery life?

My last-generation iPhone rarely lasts a full day on a single charge when I'm
checking apps, maps and review sites on a city break. The contrast, when I
roadtested the HTC One (M8) on a recent trip to Rome, was stark. Its 2,600 mAh
battery did not once run out before bedtime. Sony's recently announced Experia
Z3 will have an even bigger, 3,100 mAh battery. The iPhone 6 is an upgrade on
the 5S. By how much? Alongside increases in raw battery capacity, the iPhone's
faster A8 processor offers improvements in power management. Apple data suggests
the iPhone 6 will last 25 per cent longer on 3G browsing than the iPhone 5S.
Standby times are identical, however. It's an improvement rather than a sea
change. The larger iPhone 6 Plus promises a bigger boost in battery life.

A better camera?

Camera quality was long one of the iPhone's strengths, but rivals have matched
and even surpassed Apple. Sony recently announced the Experia Z3 with a 20.7
megapixel (MP) camera, 4K video recording and image sensitivity equivalent to
ISO 12,800, making low-light shooting easier. Nokia's 41MP Lumia 1020 currently
leads the way in smartphone photo performance. Does the iPhone 6 camera match
these? On the face of it, not quite. The new iPhones still have 8MP cameras, but
both models have a new sensor, faster, more precise autofocus, and improved
image stabilisation for sharper photos. They can also shoot slow-motion video at
up to 240 frames per second. Without a detailed hands-on test it's impossible to
be certain, but the camera looks like a significant upgrade on the iPhone 5S.

Improved protection against the elements and accidents?

Pre-launch rumours suggested that new iPhone screens could be made from
ultra-tough synthetic sapphire. Instead, the new iPhone comes with what Apple
calls an "ionstrengthened glass" screen. And rivals already make fully
waterproof phones. The new Sony Experia Z3 is waterproof under 5ft (1.5 metres)
of water for up to 30 minutes, for example.

A secure mobile payments system?

Several phone networks and banks are launching mobile wallets. These are
designed to replace credit and debit cards with tapping your smartphone to pay,
in any shop that accepts contactless cards. Apple launched its own version
yesterday: Apple Pay. It will be available from next month, initially in the
United States only. Both new iPhones have a Near Field Communication (NFC)
antenna for making contactless payments, which shoppers authenticate using their
iPhone's Touch ID fingerprint sensor. It looks as though Apple Pay could soon
offer a safe and convenient way to pay when travelling and the payments system
will also work with the new Apple Watch.

ASK OUR EXPERTS

If you have a travel query, we have an expert to answer it. Email queries to
asktheexperts@telegraph.co.uk We regret that experts can only answer queries
used for publication

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The iPhone 6 camera has a faster and more precise autofocus

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STL


                  Copyright 2014 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              258 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           January 29, 2015 Thursday

Six likely features of the next-generation iPhone

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 425 words


It has not been very long since Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus have been out.
However, the rumour mill has already started churning 'details' about Apple's
next iPhone(s). Thanks to sources from Taiwan, 'potential' features of the
next-generation iPhone have surfaced. A look at six likely features of what is
to come:

1. Two lens camera

It is being reported that Apple will use a two-lens system in the camera module
of the next-generation iPhone. The dual lens setup will allow the iPhone to
capture more light, resulting in better photos. Apple will also add optical zoom
capability to the phone's camera, resulting in better photos compared to cameras
with digital zoom, as per rumours.

2. Force touch

Apple will reportedly use its Force Touch technology in the upcoming iPhones.
This technology, already being used in Apple Watch, will allow the touchscreen
to distinguish between light taps and long presses, enabling users to interact
with their iPhones in several new ways.

Moreover, the touch sensors said to be used in the new iPhones will be able to
determine the users' blood pressure and pulse more accurately.

3. Same screen sizes

The anonymous supply chain sources cited in the report also mention that iPhone
will stick to the current crop of screen sizes, 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch.

There is no mention of the rumoured 4-inch iPhone 6S model yet.

4. Minimum 32GB storage

Apple is also said to be upgrading the minimum storage option in next-generation
iPhone to 32GB, from the current 16GB.

With the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, Apple had eliminated the 32GB storage option
allowing users to choose between 16GB, 64GB and 128GB options.

5. RAM 2GB

The next-generation iPhone will also reportedly get a memory upgrade.

According to sources from Taiwan, Apple may finally endow the next generation
iPhone with 2GB RAM.

While the close integration between the software and hardware ensures a smooth
user experience, the bump in RAM will facilitate better multitasking.

6. New A9 processor

The next-generation iPhone will be powered by Apple's new A9 processor. Just
like the A8 processor, Apple's new A9 processor will be based on 64-bit
architecture. There are conf licting reports on which company will make the
processor.

Some reports suggest that Apple will go to Samsung to get the chip made as its
foundries support 14nm FinFET chips, that offer improved performance and use
less power. However, some other reports claim that Taiwan Semiconductor
Manufacturing Company (TSMC) will produce most of the A9 application processors.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              259 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                            October 13, 2014 Monday

Fastest iPhone roll-out ever: iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus to arrive in 36 more
countries by October

BYLINE: Tech Desk

LENGTH: 331  words


Apple has officially announced that iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will arrive in 36
additional countries and territories across Europe, Asia, the Middle East, Latin
America and Africa by the end of October. Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will
be available in a total of 69 countries and territories by the end of the month
and are on track to be available in more than 115 countries by the end of the
year, making this the fastest iPhone roll-out ever.

Apple's fastest-ever iPhone roll-out continues on the following dates:

" Friday, October 17: China, India and Monaco

" Thursday, October 23: Israel

" Friday, October 24: Czech Republic, French West Indies, Greenland, Malta,
Poland, Reunion Island and South Africa

" Thursday, October 30: Bahrain and Kuwait

" Friday, October 31: Albania, Bosnia, Croatia, Estonia, Greece, Guam, Hungary,
Iceland, Kosovo, Latvia, Lithuania, Macau, Macedonia, Mexico, Moldova,
Montenegro, Serbia, South Korea, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Ukraine and
Thailand iPhone 6 comes in gold, silver or space grey, and is available in India
for a maximum retail price of Rs. 53,500 inclusive of VAT for the 16GB model,
Rs. 62,500 inclusive of VAT for the 64GB model and a new 128GB model for Rs
71,500 inclusive of VAT.

iPhone 6 Plus comes in gold, silver or space grey, and is available for a
suggested retail price of Rs. 62,500 inclusive of VAT for the 16GB model, Rs.
71,500 inclusive of VAT for the 64GB model and Rs. 80,500 inclusive of VAT for
the new 128GB model.

Both models will be available from select carriers and select Apple Authorised
Resellers.

Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are already available in Australia, Austria,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Ireland, Isle of
Man, Italy, Japan, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway,
Portugal, Puerto Rico, Qatar, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Spain, Sweden,
Switzerland, Taiwan, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, the UK, the US and the US
Virgin Islands.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              260 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                          September 27, 2014 Saturday

Apple responds to reports of bent iPhones;
After millions of sales, company says just 9 customers contacted it

BYLINE: MIKE ISAAC

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 375 words

ABSTRACT

Despite wide publicity over a problem, Apple said only nine customers had
contacted the company with a bent iPhone 6 Plus.

FULL TEXT

Social media channels have overflowed in the past week with commentary on
whether Apple's new iPhone 6 Plus bends under pressure, particularly in a pants
pocket.

It turns out that actual complaints to the company, at least so far, are much
less prevalent.

''With normal use a bend in iPhone is extremely rare and through our first six
days of sale, a total of nine customers have contacted Apple with a bent iPhone
6 Plus,'' Trudy Muller, an Apple spokeswoman, said in a statement.

The statement comes after some early adopters complained that the new iPhone 6
Plus, which is significantly larger than previous generations of the iPhone, was
permanently bending from simply being carried in a pocket for long periods of
time.

After one new iPhone 6 Plus owner on Tuesday complained that his phone warped
after sitting in his front pants pocket during a long drive, the story was
quickly picked up by technology blogs and news outlets.

Lewis Hilsenteger, who runs Unbox Therapy, a YouTube channel dedicated to
showcasing the latest tech hardware, filmed himself straining to bend an iPhone
6 Plus with his bare hands. The video has been viewed more than 25 million times
in less than two days.

As Apple has grown bigger and more successful, it has also become a bigger
target for criticism. The company says it sold more than 10 million iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus smartphones over the first three days of release, a record for the
company.

Some of the attention is self-inflicted, however.  In the past week, Apple
released a software update to the iPhone that was supposed to fix some early
bugs in an updated version of its mobile operating system, iOS 8.

The update made some users' phones unable to make or receive calls and also
rendered the touch identification technology software useless, according to
reports.

Apple quickly withdrew the software update about an hour after it was released
on Wednesday.

On Thursday evening, Apple issued another update to its operating system, along
with an apology. Fewer than 40,000 iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus users were
affected by the previous faulty update, according to Apple.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              261 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                       July 3, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Apple sure is going for a curved iPhone 6, reveals leaked pictures of glass
covers

LENGTH: 303  words


Leaked images of parts or any leaked information about the upcoming Apple iPhone
6 have been a source of information about the new yet-to-be-announced phone. The
latest leak that comes today reveals that the iPhone 6 will sport a curved
profile - that is it will sport a design that is curved and tapering at the
edges instead of a flat and plane rectangular body that was used in iPhone 5S,
5C and iPhone 5.

Sonny Dickson has shared pictures of display glass covers in both black and
white of the upcoming iPhone with a display size of 4.7 inch, with 9to5 Mac. The
display panel shows a thin bezel and a place for placing the fingerprint scanner
in the bottom part, a front camera on the top side.

This is however the 4.7 inch iPhone 6, not the 5.5 inch one. When placed beside
the iPhone 5S/5C that has a 4-inch display apart from the display size, we could
not see any other starking difference. Does this mean iPhone 6 will not be a
landmark phone in design?

Last month Sonny Dickson leaked the images of LCD display screen of the upcoming
iPhone 6 measuring 5.5 inches (14 cms).

We have seen multiple leaks of the iPhone 6 in the past and speculations around
its features. But the confusion around the display size of upcoming phone has
not been answered in any leaks. This leak today seems to indicate that we are
going to get two iPhones of 4.7 inch and 5.5 display this year, as revealed by
Techradar (via Nikkei Japan) in March this year.

We do know that iPhone 6 will use thinner battery, A8 processor, a prepped up
camera with new features, more than a dozen of sensors and the all new iOS 8
operating  system. This new operating system revealed by Apple this year at the
WorldWide Developers Conference sports some new interesting features.

The new iPhone/iPhones could be launched in September/October this year.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              262 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                        July 4, 2014 Friday 11:22 AM GMT

Apple iPhone 6 'leaked' images, release date and price round-up: 12 rumours
about upcoming device;
The tech giant is keeping most details under wraps - but luckily social media
users are dripfeeding the world 'leaks' on a daily basis

BYLINE: By David Raven

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1237 words


iphone 6 rumors

The iPhone 6 is the smartphone everybody has been waiting for - well Apple users
at least.

It's known across the tech world that the company usually keeps all official
announcements until the last minute, leaving frustrated fans to wait with bated
breath.

But luckily there are a band of rogue social media users who claim to leak bits
of information out to the world.

Here we bring you all of the speculation, rumours and release date details that
have been gossiped about on websites, blogs, Twitter and Facebook.Only 5.5inch
model will pack '128GB internal storage'

Reports from China claim only the larger iPhone 6 will have the more substantial
amount of internal space.

Apple Insider claims Chinese sources say only the supposed 5.5 inch device will
have 128GB storage - while its 4.7 inch counterpart will have just 64GB.

It has been reported online that both models will be released on the same day,
thought to be in September.New picture shows curved edges on 4.7in model

The iPhone 6 will include a curved glass screen if the latest leaked images are
anything to go by.

Tech website 9to5Mac posted the new pictures which were sent to them by blogger
Sonny Dickson.

On the picture, two glass covers of the latest Apple handset can be seen
side-by-side in both black and white.

The most notable difference from these designs and the mock-ups we've seen in
the past are the curved edges.

Now standing at 4.7inch display, it looks like the new model is set to be not
only bigger but rounder than ever before.Could leaked mockups differ from final
design?

The iPhone 6 will not look exactly like the mock-ups that have been leaked,
according to new reports.

Japanese website Nikkei is claiming that while there will be some similarities,
the final design will be different than what we've seen.

This is largely because low-quality materials are used to make the dummy models
to keep cost to a minimum during the early stages.

One alleged difference is that the handset that makes it to the shelves will
include a curved glass display.

This feature is ultimately better quality than flat displays which have been
seen in the leaked images.Highest resolution images revealed

The clearest images yet of the iPhone 6 have been posted by an eBay user.

Through the high resolution shots of a black and silver handset more detail can
be seen than ever before.

There looks to have been some significant design changes, including the fact
that the power button has been moved to the side of the device.

It is rumoured from the images that Apple's new release will be thinner and
longer than any iPhone before it.New images of 'leaked iPhone 6 screen'

New 'leaked' images point towards Apple releasing their latest handset in two
different sizes.

Australian blogger Sonny Dickson has publicised pictures which show a ruler
measuring the screen of an iPhone 6.

It reaches a diagonal measurement of approximately 14cm which is 5.5inches when
converted.

While the full phone is not shown in the pictures, the LCD display component is
instead used.Could iOS 8 come with a barometer weather device?

The iPhone 6 may be able to track weather according to codes found within its
operating system.

Yet-to-be-released iOS 8 includes frameworks for a barometer, meaning it would
be able to predict the atmosphere around the device.

This would allow users to track the weather, altitude and air pressure wherever
they go.

The discovery was made by Apple-tracking website 9to5Mac which spotted multiple
references to the feature when analysing the operating system.

It was then tested by FutureTap developer Ortwin Gentz who tried to add the
information onto Apple's most recent handset, the iPhone 5s.The 5.5 inch model
and 'Sapphire Glass'

The new iPhone 6 will allegedly feature Sapphire Glass - but only on the larger
model.

Apple are rumoured to be producing two different sized versions of the phone at
their launch this autumn however, only one of the devices will be using the
advanced screen.

The tech-giant's 5.5inch model will be kitted out with Sapphire Glass according
to suppliers.

Taiwanese supply chain insiders have said that the larger version is being
manufactured with the super strong material.

If used, the feature will ultimately make the phone resistant to scratches. This
will come in handy for those who buy the expanded version of the device and want
to store is safely.What does it look like next to HTC One M8?

This picture shows how the upcoming iPhone 6 measures up to the HTC One M8.

It appears to be another 'leaked' image of the new model, but this time the
handset is positioned next to their rival's and the iPhone 5.

The snaps seemingly confirm that Apple's latest release will have gained some
extra length as the phone evolves.

It is noticeably taller than its predecessor which was 4 inches when launched in
2012.How does it measure up to Samsung Galaxy S5?

This picture appears to show Apple's upcoming iPhone 6 held next to the Samsung
Galaxy S5.

The image was posted by phone tech website GSM Arena and shows the S5's screen
looking slightly longer and considerably wider.

This is in line with other 'leaked' pictures which have claimed that the smaller
version of Apple's new phone will have a screen size of 4.7 inches - up from 4
inches on the iPhone 5.

The S5 has a screen size of 5.1 inches, but will be dwarfed by the bigger iPhone
6 - planned to be 5.5 inches - if rumours are to be believed.So what's the
release date?

Apple will be launching the iPhone 6 on September 19 in 32G and 34GB, according
to a report.

The website MacRumors has slated a release for the third Friday of the ninth
month which is in line with previous launches.

Last year the iPhone 5s and 5c hit the shelves on that date, and before that
both the iPhone 5 and iPhone 4 were also launched on the same week in previous
years.

This date corresponds with the end of Apple's fiscal year meaning it is one of
their most lucrative times to unveil the new model.'Leaked pictures' show 5.5
inch designiphone 6 sonny dickenson tweet

Australian blogger Sonny Dickson tweeted new photos of two different sized
handsets which he claims will be the tech giant's newest models.

There is a noticeable difference between the two handsets which are both thought
to be dummy models.

If this picture is authentic, then it could confirm that Apple will be releasing
two duel versions of their new phone.

 iPhone 6 screen size comparison

Rumours have been circulating for months now that the tech-giant would be
debuting a larger model to combat the growing popularity of phablets such as
Samsung's Galaxy Note.

Blogger Dickson has a history of being correct with such revelations.

Last year he posted authentic snaps of the latest iPhone prior to it hitting the
shelves.Current headphones may not be compatible

Apple might be eliminating the headphone jack on the iPhone 6, according to a
rumour.

If the tech giant were to follow through with the plan it would render all
existing headphones unusable.

Currently the company's handsets use a 3.5mm jack, which has been standard in
portable music even before the first Sony Walkman went on sale in 1979.

The move is sure to disappoint loyalists who are still getting over changes to
the iPhone 5 which left them out of pocket.

However, other users denied this and the company is yet to make an official
comment.

For all the latest Apple news on the iPhone 6 as it breaks click here.

Will Apple's iPhone 6 be the best phone out there?

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              263 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                        July 4, 2014 Friday 11:22 AM GMT

Apple iPhone 6 'leaked' images, release date and price round-up: 12 rumours
about upcoming device;
The tech giant is keeping most details under wraps - but luckily social media
users are dripfeeding the world 'leaks' on a daily basis

BYLINE: By David Raven

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1237 words


iphone 6 rumors

The iPhone 6 is the smartphone everybody has been waiting for - well Apple users
at least.

It's known across the tech world that the company usually keeps all official
announcements until the last minute, leaving frustrated fans to wait with bated
breath.

But luckily there are a band of rogue social media users who claim to leak bits
of information out to the world.

Here we bring you all of the speculation, rumours and release date details that
have been gossiped about on websites, blogs, Twitter and Facebook.Only 5.5inch
model will pack '128GB internal storage'

Reports from China claim only the larger iPhone 6 will have the more substantial
amount of internal space.

Apple Insider claims Chinese sources say only the supposed 5.5 inch device will
have 128GB storage - while its 4.7 inch counterpart will have just 64GB.

It has been reported online that both models will be released on the same day,
thought to be in September.New picture shows curved edges on 4.7in model

The iPhone 6 will include a curved glass screen if the latest leaked images are
anything to go by.

Tech website 9to5Mac posted the new pictures which were sent to them by blogger
Sonny Dickson.

On the picture, two glass covers of the latest Apple handset can be seen
side-by-side in both black and white.

The most notable difference from these designs and the mock-ups we've seen in
the past are the curved edges.

Now standing at 4.7inch display, it looks like the new model is set to be not
only bigger but rounder than ever before.Could leaked mockups differ from final
design?

The iPhone 6 will not look exactly like the mock-ups that have been leaked,
according to new reports.

Japanese website Nikkei is claiming that while there will be some similarities,
the final design will be different than what we've seen.

This is largely because low-quality materials are used to make the dummy models
to keep cost to a minimum during the early stages.

One alleged difference is that the handset that makes it to the shelves will
include a curved glass display.

This feature is ultimately better quality than flat displays which have been
seen in the leaked images.Highest resolution images revealed

The clearest images yet of the iPhone 6 have been posted by an eBay user.

Through the high resolution shots of a black and silver handset more detail can
be seen than ever before.

There looks to have been some significant design changes, including the fact
that the power button has been moved to the side of the device.

It is rumoured from the images that Apple's new release will be thinner and
longer than any iPhone before it.New images of 'leaked iPhone 6 screen'

New 'leaked' images point towards Apple releasing their latest handset in two
different sizes.

Australian blogger Sonny Dickson has publicised pictures which show a ruler
measuring the screen of an iPhone 6.

It reaches a diagonal measurement of approximately 14cm which is 5.5inches when
converted.

While the full phone is not shown in the pictures, the LCD display component is
instead used.Could iOS 8 come with a barometer weather device?

The iPhone 6 may be able to track weather according to codes found within its
operating system.

Yet-to-be-released iOS 8 includes frameworks for a barometer, meaning it would
be able to predict the atmosphere around the device.

This would allow users to track the weather, altitude and air pressure wherever
they go.

The discovery was made by Apple-tracking website 9to5Mac which spotted multiple
references to the feature when analysing the operating system.

It was then tested by FutureTap developer Ortwin Gentz who tried to add the
information onto Apple's most recent handset, the iPhone 5s.The 5.5 inch model
and 'Sapphire Glass'

The new iPhone 6 will allegedly feature Sapphire Glass - but only on the larger
model.

Apple are rumoured to be producing two different sized versions of the phone at
their launch this autumn however, only one of the devices will be using the
advanced screen.

The tech-giant's 5.5inch model will be kitted out with Sapphire Glass according
to suppliers.

Taiwanese supply chain insiders have said that the larger version is being
manufactured with the super strong material.

If used, the feature will ultimately make the phone resistant to scratches. This
will come in handy for those who buy the expanded version of the device and want
to store is safely.What does it look like next to HTC One M8?

This picture shows how the upcoming iPhone 6 measures up to the HTC One M8.

It appears to be another 'leaked' image of the new model, but this time the
handset is positioned next to their rival's and the iPhone 5.

The snaps seemingly confirm that Apple's latest release will have gained some
extra length as the phone evolves.

It is noticeably taller than its predecessor which was 4 inches when launched in
2012.How does it measure up to Samsung Galaxy S5?

This picture appears to show Apple's upcoming iPhone 6 held next to the Samsung
Galaxy S5.

The image was posted by phone tech website GSM Arena and shows the S5's screen
looking slightly longer and considerably wider.

This is in line with other 'leaked' pictures which have claimed that the smaller
version of Apple's new phone will have a screen size of 4.7 inches - up from 4
inches on the iPhone 5.

The S5 has a screen size of 5.1 inches, but will be dwarfed by the bigger iPhone
6 - planned to be 5.5 inches - if rumours are to be believed.So what's the
release date?

Apple will be launching the iPhone 6 on September 19 in 32G and 34GB, according
to a report.

The website MacRumors has slated a release for the third Friday of the ninth
month which is in line with previous launches.

Last year the iPhone 5s and 5c hit the shelves on that date, and before that
both the iPhone 5 and iPhone 4 were also launched on the same week in previous
years.

This date corresponds with the end of Apple's fiscal year meaning it is one of
their most lucrative times to unveil the new model.'Leaked pictures' show 5.5
inch designiphone 6 sonny dickenson tweet

Australian blogger Sonny Dickson tweeted new photos of two different sized
handsets which he claims will be the tech giant's newest models.

There is a noticeable difference between the two handsets which are both thought
to be dummy models.

If this picture is authentic, then it could confirm that Apple will be releasing
two duel versions of their new phone.

 iPhone 6 screen size comparison

Rumours have been circulating for months now that the tech-giant would be
debuting a larger model to combat the growing popularity of phablets such as
Samsung's Galaxy Note.

Blogger Dickson has a history of being correct with such revelations.

Last year he posted authentic snaps of the latest iPhone prior to it hitting the
shelves.Current headphones may not be compatible

Apple might be eliminating the headphone jack on the iPhone 6, according to a
rumour.

If the tech giant were to follow through with the plan it would render all
existing headphones unusable.

Currently the company's handsets use a 3.5mm jack, which has been standard in
portable music even before the first Sony Walkman went on sale in 1979.

The move is sure to disappoint loyalists who are still getting over changes to
the iPhone 5 which left them out of pocket.

However, other users denied this and the company is yet to make an official
comment.

For all the latest Apple news on the iPhone 6 as it breaks click here.

Will Apple's iPhone 6 be the best phone out there?

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              264 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                           September 29, 2014 Monday

iPhone 6 Plus 'not as bendy as believed'

SECTION: MOBILE PLATFORMS AND INTEGRATION; Mobile Platforms and Integration

LENGTH: 325 words



HIGHLIGHT: Consumer product testers say iPhone should withstand normal use.


The iPhone 6 Plus, despite an ongoing Bendgate debacle, is not as bendy as some
users have suggested, claims a consumer technology product testers.

Consumer Reports, a firm which has been testing products of all shapes and sizes
since 1936, carried out tests on the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus with 'scientific' lab
equipment to see if the reports of the iuPhone 6 Plus 'bending' in users pockets
were true.

Consumer Reports said: "To stress test these phones, we used what's called a
"three-point flexural test," in which the phone is supported at two points on
either end, then force is applied at a third point on the top."

Alongside the iPhone 6 Plus, the LG G3, Samsung Galaxy Note 3, and the HTC One
M8 were also tested to see their strengths compared to Apple's latest offerings.

'All the phones after testing.' Photo credit: Consumer Reports

The firm said: "All the phones we tested showed themselves to be pretty tough.
The iPhone 6 Plus, the more robust of the new iPhones in our testing, started to
deform when we reached 90 pounds of force, and came apart with 110 pounds of
force. With those numbers, it slightly outperformed the HTC One (which is
largely regarded as a sturdy, solid phone), as well as the smaller iPhone 6, yet
underperformed some other smart phones.

"While nothing is (evidently) indestructible, we expect that any of these phones
should stand up to typical use."

Apple hit back claims that the iPhone 6 Plus is easily bent by stating that such
damage would be 'rare' with normal use.

In a statement, Apple said: "Our iPhones are designed, engineered and
manufactured to be both beautiful and sturdy. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus feature
a precision engineered unibody enclosure constructed from machining a custom
grade of 6000 series anodized aluminum, which is tempered for extra strength.
They also feature stainless steel and titanium inserts to reinforce high stress
locations and use the strongest glass in the smartphone industry."

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              265 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

The world on your wrist

BYLINE: Ryan Crighton

SECTION: NEWS; 999; Crime Prevention; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 721 words


The wait is finally over. The vital statistics of the "bigger than bigger"
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are now in the public domain, with Apple claiming
they are the "best phones ever made"

The technology giant even went one better by announcing the creation of the "the
best watch in the world" to run seamlessly alongside the new and improved smart
phones.

But what will these devices actually do to make our lives better?

Will it clean up the house if we send it an iMessage? Will it take the dog for a
walk if we ask Siri nicely? Well, no, not quite. But in terms of taking
fingertip technology to the next level, Apple says it has pushed itself ahead of
its rivals.

So what does it have to offer:

Apple Watch

While the technology world waited with bated breath to find out if their
predictions about the new iPhone were true, Apple threw a curveball by
announcing its first new product line since the very first iPad.

It's also the first since the death of its co-founder Steve Jobs and the first
truly new creation under new boss, Tim Cook; reviewers will be waiting with
bated breath to see how it performs.

The watch will sync with your iPhone and run familiar apps like Siri, Messages,
e-mail, Maps, Facebook and Twitter. It will also act as a fitness tracker, using
motion sensors and heart rate monitors to log fitness levels and workouts.

It also has a setting so that you can send information directly to a friend's
Watch. With countless customisable faces and strap designs, its makers say it's
the "most personal" watch you will find.

Oh, it also tells the time, too.

It's thin and it's big

The new iPhones will be significantly bigger than the original (and popular)
4-inch screen - a 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and a 5.5-inch 6 Plus.

But many critics have slammed the new design, saying that Apple is simply
following the market by copying already-bigger smartphones, like the Samsung
Galaxy S5.

The iPhone 6 will come in at 6.9mm wide, with the iPhone 6 Plus measuring 7.1mm.
With all-metal backs and glass that curves round the edges of the phones, it
marks the biggest design change in the phone's history.

Better battery

If there's one flaw of the iPhone, it's the battery life - which only gets worse
as the device grows old and tired.

The iPhone 6 will be 50 times faster that the original iPhone, but it's been
designed to not compromise on performance.

The new iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus are powered by the A8 chip, which has two
billion transistors - double the number on the A7 chip, which powers the iPhone
5S. The A8 is up to 25% faster than the A7 in processing and able to render
graphics up to 50% faster.

The new devices will provide 11 hours of video or Wi-Fi browsing, 50 hours of
audio playback and 10 hours of 4G LTE or 3G browsing. In addition, compared with
the 40 hours talk you can get on the iPhone 5S, you can get 50 hours on the
iPhone 6 and 80 hours on the iPhone 6 Plus.

Apple Pay

We've banished the need for cameras and MP3 players - so why not throw out our
wallets too?

Apple has said that Apple Pay "will forever change the way we buy things". It's
a revolutionary new payment process which allows purchases to be made using
fingerprint ID.

The system will work by holding the phone up to a generic card reader and
pressing a finger on the TouchID button. The phone will store the payment using
NFC (near-field communication) and a new separate chip to keep payment
information secure. The NFC chip is fitted across the top of the phone, and all
details are encrypted and the system stores payment information securely.

But before we get too excited about ditching our loose change, the system will
only launch in the US to begin with, with no word on when the system is likely
to hit the rest of the world.

Health Kit

This new app will collect your personal biometric data in one place, where you
will be able to view your heart rate, calories burned, blood sugar and
cholesterol levels. The idea is to create a personal overview of your health
which can be shared with doctors and hospitals. You will be able to create an
emergency card, which will be accessible from the Lock screen so it can be
opened in an emergency.

There are far too many other quirky features of the new iPhone and Apple Watch
to mention here, never mind the most important of all - a new and improved
front-facing camera for selfies.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WEARABLE TECH: Apple CEO Tim Cook announces the Apple Watch during an
Apple special event at the Flint Center for the Performing Arts last week
Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide product marketing,
discusses the new iPhone 6, centre, and iPhone 6 plus, right
Apple CEO Tim Cook models the new iPhone 6 and the Apple Watch

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PJ


                      Copyright 2014 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              266 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     October 18, 2014 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus receive good response in India, here are sales
figures

LENGTH: 199  words


Apple has received an overwhelming response from buyers for its Iphone 6 and
Iphone 6 Plus Smartphones in India, like in other countries where Apple has
launched the new bigger iPhones. The company put the new iPhone variants on sale
on Thursday midnight, and sold 35,000 units of these within 12 hours of their
launch, Hindustan Times reports.

Out of these iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus units, 25,000 phones were those which
were pre-booked while the rest 10,000 were brought within 12 hours of their
launch. Reports had it that the company shipped around 55,000 units to India
ahead of the launch. The company will be releasing the final figures of units
sold later today. The device is available for purchase across 24 cities in India
and is retailing through Apple's Premium Resellers, multi-brand retail stores,
as well as online retail stores.

The iPhone 6 is a 4.7 inch screen Smartphone available in 16GB, 64GB and 128GB
storage variants priced at INR 53,500, INR 62,500 and INR 71,500, respectively.
The iPhone 6 Plus is the company's biggest iPhone with 5.5-inch display and is
available in 16GB, 64GB and 128GB storage variants priced at INR 62,500, INR
71,500 and INR 80,500, respectively.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              267 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                           October 1, 2014 Wednesday

Moving stuff from your old iPhone to the iPhone 6/6 Plus

BYLINE: Trevor Tan

SECTION: DIGITAL LIFE; Spotlight

LENGTH: 820 words


Congratulations on your spanking new Apple iPhone. That was the easy part.

But moving content from an older iPhone to a new one may seem to be a daunting
task. Even though Apple's iTunes software aims to ensure a smooth transition,
things can always go wrong. You do not want to lose your 7,621 pictures, right'

Through trial and error, I have found what I think is the safest way to make an
exact replica of your old iPhone for your new iPhone 6 or 6 Plus. For this
guide, I assume you are using at least an iPhone 5 with iOS 8, the newest
operating system, and that you have a computer.

If you are on iOS 7, it gets a bit more complicated. So I highly recommend you
upgrade to iOS 8 first. Just do not upgrade to iOS 8.0.1.

On your old iPhone 5/5s

1) Make sure your iPhone is updated to iOS 8 and update all your apps. If you
find you do not have enough storage space on your old iPhone, simply plug it
into your computer and update via iTunes.

2) Once you have updated your old iPhone, back up its contents either via iTunes
on your computer or wirelessly on iCloud. Personally, I would recommend backing
up with iTunes, as it is faster and more stable. Nothing beats having a cable
for a stable transfer.

3) If you have never used iTunes before - it is available on OS X and Windows -
download it from Apple's website. Launch iTunes and connect your old iPhone to
your computer via USB.

4) Now, set your old iPhone in Airplane mode to stop it receiving e-mail and
other messages temporarily.

5) Select your old iPhone from the Devices menu and under the Backups >Automatic
Back Up, click on This Computer.

Under the Manually Back Up and Restore section, click on Back Up Now.

If you have never synced your iPhone to your computer before, select right click
on your old iPhone and click on Transfer Purchases to move your apps to the
iTunes library before proceeding with the backup.

6) Once the backup is done, unplug your old iPhone. Take note of the time the
backup was completed.

Setting up your new iPhone

1) As a general rule, always charge a new electronic device for at least eight
hours before using it. This is to optimise the battery life. Smartphone makers
may say otherwise, but it never hurts to have a longer initial charging period.

2) Switch on your iPhone 6/6 Plus, proceed with the Setup Assistant to select
your language and country, connect to Wi-Fi, enable Location Services and Set Up
iPhone.

3) Next, choose Restore from iTunes Backup and connect the new iPhone to your
computer.

As an extra safety precaution, use the Lightning cable that comes with your new
iPhone to do this.

4) Select your new iPhone from the Devices menu, right click on it and you will
be shown several options. Choose Restore from Backup.

5) You will see different options, but choose the backup you completed
previously and start the restore process.

6) The restore process may take anything from 10 minutes to 45 minutes,
depending on the capacity of your old iPhone.

If this is done correctly, everything from your previous iPhone, including
message history, contacts, folders and apps in folders should be replicated in
your new iPhone.

If not, proceed to the "Having problems'" section below.

7) If everything is fine and tidy, insert the nano-SIM card into your new iPhone
and proceed with the rest of the Setup Assistant.

8) You will then be prompted to Upgrade to iCloud Drive. Select Not Now. Until
the new OS X Yosemite is released, I recommend holding back on the iCloud Drive
upgrade.

9) Next, you will be asked to activate Touch ID for using your fingerprints to
access the phone. I highly recommend doing so for the sake of security.

Follow on-screen instructions to complete the steps.

10) Then, you need to set up iCloud Keychain and choose between Standard and
Display Zoom for how you would like to view your iPhone. The latter has bigger
icons and text.

11) Finally, you will see Welcome to iPhone screen.

Hooray! Tap on Get Started to start using your new iPhone.

Having problems'

1) If you cannot find your photos, contacts or message histories on your new
iPhone after restoring from your previous iPhone's backup, the restoration has
gone haywire. It might be due to a corrupted backup.

2) On Mac, click on the Go menu, press Option and click on Library. Next, go to
Application Support/MobileSync/Backup.

For PC, go to \Users\(username) AppData\Roaming\Apple
Computer\MobileSync\Backup.

3) Inside this Backup folder, copy the folder (usually with a very long
alphanumeric name) with a time stamp that tallies with the time the backup of
your previous iPhone was completed and save it to your desktop or an external
hard drive. Then, remove this folder from the Backup folder.

4) Put your old iPhone in Airplane mode and back it up to iTunes by connecting
it to your computer.

5) Next, put your new iPhone in Airplane mode and restore from the latest
backup. This should do the trick.

trevtan@sph.com.sg

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              268 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Apple EPS, Sales Gains Accelerate On iPhones; 39.3 Mil Smartphones Sold; Holiday
revenue target above Wall St. forecast as iPhone 6 demand hot

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: FRONT PAGE NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 523 words


BY PATRICK SEITZ

INVESTOR'S BUSINESS DAILY

Apple trounced Wall Street forecasts late Monday due to red-hot sales of its
iPhone 6 smartphones and Mac computers. The tech titan also guided sales
estimates higher for the holiday quarter.

For its fiscal fourth quarter ended Sept. 27, Apple earned $1.42 a share, up 20%
from a year earlier and topping analysts' consensus forecast by 11 cents.

Sales rose 12% to $42.1 billion, easily beating the target of $39.88 billion. It
was Apple's strongest revenue growth in seven quarters.

Shares of Apple rose nearly 2% in late trading. The stock ended the regular
session up 2% to 99.76.

Apple sold 39.3 million iPhones in Q4, up 12% vs. a year earlier, and clearing
analysts' goal of 37.5 million. The quarter included just nine days of sales of
the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, with some models supply-constrained.

The iPhone business generated sales of $23.7 billion, or 56% of Apple's total
revenue in its Q4.

"Demand for the new iPhones has been staggering," CEO Tim Cook said on a
conference call with analysts. Apple ended Q4 with a "significant backlog" of
orders for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, he said. Demand for the iPhone 6 is
"markedly higher" than for the iPhone 5 S and 5 C last fall.

The iPhone 6 series phones are now available in 32 countries and should reach 69
countries by the end of October and 115 by the end of calendar 2014, Cook said.

Apple's iPad business disappointed, with 12.3 million units sold vs. forecasts
for 13 million. That was a 13% drop vs. Q4 2013, the third straight
year-over-year decline. Apple unveiled new iPad models this month.

The Real Big Mac

But Macs had a stronger-than-expected back-to-school season. Apple sold 5.5
million Macs, up 21% from a year ago and beating Wall Street's target of 4.8
million.

Mac sales generated nearly 17% of total Q4 revenue, topping the declining iPads,
which fell to 13% of revenue. Mac sales reached their highest quarterly market
share since 1995, Cook said.

Apple's gross profit margin was 38% vs. 37% a year earlier. For the December
fiscal Q1, Apple sees a 37.5% to 38.5% margin.

Apple is targeting sales of $65 billion at the midpoint of its guidance,
compared with analyst expectations for $63.52 billion.

It did not specify an earnings-per-share target, but Wall Street has been
modeling for EPS of $2.40, up 16% year-on-year.

Apple is at the beginning of a "super cycle," Cantor Fitzgerald analyst Brian
White said, citing the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, Apple Pay and the upcoming
Apple Watch smartwatch.

On Monday, Apple launched its Apple Pay digital wallet service for iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus owners to make retail purchases with a touch of their phone.

Piper Jaffray tested Apple Pay at three participating retailers -- McDonald's,
Walgreen and Whole Foods Market.

"We were able to complete transactions without issue," Piper Jaffray analyst
Gene Munster said in a report. "The one hurdle was funding of Apple Pay was
limited to eight eligible banks, which could limit the experience for customers
of non-participating banks. Apple will update the list of banks as added.
Overall, the experience was as simple as advertised."

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              269 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

Delay sparks  grey market  scramble for new iPhones

BYLINE: Clifford Coonan

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 423 words


The iPhone 6 has yet to debut in China but already it's being referred to as
"Kidney No 6", a joke on how people have to sell at least one internal organ, or
possibly two, to afford the new, bigger smartphone.

Despite the occasional TV campaign against Apple's after-sales service, the
success of domestic manufacturer Xiaomi and Korea's Samsung, and the lengthy
period it took China Mobile, the country's biggest operator, to agree a carriage
deal for the iPhone, the smart device has been making inroads in the Chinese
market.

So it came as quite a surprise when Apple launched its latest model without
revealing a Chinese launch date. Apple has sold a record of more than 10 million
iPhones during the first weekend in shops globally, but there is still no
information on when China will get the new devices.

The delay in bringing out the iPhone 6 has had repercussions all over the world.
In the absence of official approval, smugglers have been active.

Customs officials in Shenzhen seized hundreds of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus smartphones
in a number of raids. Hong Kong customs found one haul including 138 new iPhones
being loaded onto a speedboat in a rural coastal area opposite the Chinese
shore.

Shoppers at an Apple store near Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut, came
to fisticuffs over the chance to resell the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in China
for as much as four times their retail price.

"The iPhone 6 has entered the final stage of the approval process, now it's just
a matter of time," Miao Wei, head of China's Ministry of Industry and
Information Technology told Tencent in an interview in Beijing. "Netizens,
please wait patiently."

Last week, the Xinhua news agency said the iPhone 6 had received two of the
three licenses needed in China, and was awaiting network access approval.

Last year's introduction of the iPhone 5s  was the first and only time so far
that Apple's phones were available in China on the same day as the global debut.

Apple's sales in Greater China, which includes Taiwan and Hong Kong, were up 28
per cent in the third quarter to $5.94 billion (EUR 4.62 million), about 16 per
cent of total revenue.

News that China wasn't getting new iPhones in the first week prompted a surge in
prices for the phones on the grey market, with the iPhone 6 going for 13,000
yuan (EUR 1,650) and iPhone 6 Plus selling for 20,000 yuan (EUR 2,540).

However, since then prices in the grey market have come down dramatically,
according to the People's Daily newspaper, as the official release date draws
tantalisingly closer.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              270 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 3, 2014 Wednesday 1:29 PM GMT

iPhone 6: Details of features, screen size, camera and release date of Apple's
new iPhone;
With iPhone 6 expected to be unveiled in less than a week's time, here's
everything we know about Apple's next generation iPhone

BYLINE: By Mikey Smith

SECTION: NEWS,UK NEWS

LENGTH: 994 words


With less than a week to go before Apple reveal the iPhone 6 , more has been
leaked ahead of time than any other Apple device in history.

Leaked photos, videos and schematics appear to show intricated details of the
phone's design, screen, camera and even battery life.

The next generation phone is expected to come in two flavours, with different
screen sizes, and feature a complete redesign with a new super-slim profile.

How can I watch Apple's iPhone 6 launch event online?

So let's take a look at what we know - and think we know - about the biggest
Apple launch of the year.Screen

Everything we've seen so far points towards Apple gearing up to release two
models of iPhone - one with a 4.7" screen, and another with a 5.5" display.

While it was rumoured the devices would feature a near-scratchproof sapphire
crystal display, inspection of the Apple manufacturing chain has since suggested
the costly material will not be standard - at least at launch.

There's talk of a premium model, with higher specifications which would include
the sapphire glass - along with a costly price tag - but at present this is
speculation.

Microscope pictures claimed to be of the iPhone 6 screen suggest a much sharper
display than the current model.

The Retina screen on the current iPhone 5S has a density of 10.5 pixels per mm.
The 1704x960 display suggested by the photos would be a much sharper 16 pixels
per mm.Speed

The   iPhone   6 will feature a new super-fast WiFi chip, improving internet
speeds dramatically.

It will also feature Apple's next generation A8 processor, which should give the
smartphone a huge performance boost.Design

The iPhone 6 is expected to have a more rounded body than the 5S - with a design
that harks back to the original first-generation iPhone.

A video has been released online which claims to show an entire iPhone 6
constructed from parts leaked from the production line.

iPhone 6 cobbled together from leaked factory parts

An alleged leaked schematic suggested the new phone will be 7mm thick - and the
4.7" model has a codename of N56.Digital payments

The tech giant are reportedly working with  Visa, Mastercard and American
Express  to develop an 'iWallet' payment system, allowing users to pay for
things with thier phone.

It's thought this will use  Near Field Communication (NFC)  - the technology
used for contactless payments.

Apple's system would allow users to link their iPhone with their credit card,
using it to make purchases with a swipe of their device.Battery Life

As well as a huge performance boost, the A8 processor is expected to improve
power efficiency, and therefore increase battery life

On top of that, leaked photos supposedly showing the iPhone 6 battery suggest
the charge capacity of the two models will be vastly improved.

The photos show two batteries - presumably for the 4.7" and 5.5" models - with
whopping 1810 and 2915mAh capacities.

That's much bigger than the current iPhone 5s battery, which is just 1560mAh.

The high resolution screen is by far the biggest power drain on iPhone devices,
which explains why the 5.5" model needs a larger battery.Camera

Apple's new device is also expected to have a vastly improved camera, with a
13-megapixel sensor provided by Sony .

The new design is expected to feature a camera which protrudes slightly from the
iPhone 6's new slimline body.

Although the 4.7" model is thought to be slightly thinner than the 5.5" iPhone,
the measurements when the camera is included are the same, pointing towards the
two models having the same camera sensor and lens.

What addition would you like to see on the iPhone 6?  Launch event

Apple will unveil the iPhone 6 on Tuesday, September 9th, at a major event in
the tech giant's home town of Cupertino.

They're holding the event at the Flint Centre for the Performing Arts, the venue
they used to launch the original Mac computer and the iPhone 5.

It's the first time in years that Apple have held an event at the Flint Centre -
they usually unveil hardware and software at San Francisco's Yerba Buena Centre
or at their own 'Town Hall' venue at their headquarters.

But the Flint Centre has a much higher capacity - approximately 2,405 seats -
than those other venues, suggesting Apple is looking to launch its new products
with a larger than usual bang.

The event kicks off at 10am California time, which works out to 6pm UK time.How
can I watch the event online?

The keynote speeches at Apple's big launch events are broadcast online by Apple.
You'll be able to watch the speech through the iTunes app on any iPhone, iPad or
iPod Touch.

There'll also be a special event app icon appearing on the home screen of Apple
TV devices on the day of the keynote.

It'll also be streamed on Apple.com, though previous events have been restricted
so they're only viewable using Apple's Safari web browser.

You can also follow all the events with the latest information and commentary
with our full live coverage.Release date

The iPhone 6 release date has not yet been announced, but most rumours put it
within a month of the launch event on Tuesday, September 9th.

Some have suggested the 4.7" model could be on shelves as soon as a week or two
after the event.

But it's thought the 5.5" model will be held back - either because of
manufacturing delays or as a deliberate move to prevent causing competition
between the models.Price

Apple's pricing is usually kept fairly well under wraps - you can never tell
when they're going to pull a surprise price drop.

But if we base it on last year's pricing, the 4.7" model with the smallest
capacity (16GB for the 5S) will cost £549, the next up (32GB) £629 and the
biggest storage (64GB) £709.

If Apple upgrade the maximum storage to 128GB as is rumoured, it's likely
they'll make the minimum amount 32GB.

That's all based on the current screen size - we're expecting the price to shoot
up for the 5.5" version, perhaps even more for the "premium" version with
Sapphire glass.

Will you be buying the iPhone 6 on launch day?

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              271 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                            January 10, 2014, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending Jan. 10;
Metal mystery frame, 6 mm, 8 mp, and Pegatron 50-50

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1704 words


The cold gripping much of the U.S. this week was absent from the iOSphere which
steamed with speculation over a mysteriousmetal frame that revealed Important
Details of the iPhone 6.

The heat edged still higher with a New Report that the next iPhone would be 6 mm
thick; that Apple might refuse to upgrade the phone's camera from 8 to 13
megapixels; and that Pegatron was building a huge new plant in China where its
worker bees would crank out half of all future iPhone 6's, even though no one
explained why that would matter.

You read it here second.

+More on Network World: 17 hot new wearable computers | Best of CES 2014: In
Pictures + iPhone 6 phablet is revealed in leaked photos of metal frame Photos
appearing on a Chinese website were copied throughout the iOSphere, even as the
copiers often solemnly acknowledged that there was no way of knowing whether the
photos actually showed anything to do with an iPhone.

Here's one of the two photos being replicated.  One line of postings started
with Vlad Andrici at a site called GForGames, who assured his readers that
"There is no way of being sure that this is indeed iPhone 6?s metal housing, but
China is definitely the way to look for accurate Apple related leaks and
rumors." Because...well, just because.

He sourced this accurate leak from this Chinese language blog on the social
networking site Weibo.com (login is required).

But that microblog seems to be simply a corporate site for CTech.cn.com (here's
the Google Translate version of the home page), which is variously described by
iOSpherians as a "Chinese news site," "prolific leaker," "Chinese site", and by
GForGames as "renowned Apple leaker." The Rollup googled for a bit but couldn't
come up with any more details, at least in English, about CTech or C Technology.

"Chinese news site C-Tech carries photos of a smartphone outer shell that is
both a lot larger and much slimmer than the current iPhone 5S and the sizing
shown in the blurry image marries up with recent rumours regarding the iPhone 6,
" Jamie Hinks confidently declares at ITPortal.com, even though it's not really
an outer shell. Those not-so-recent rumors, for an iPhone with a
bigger-than-four-inch diagonal screen, date from at least September 2012 when
Apple released the four-inch iPhone 5.

At MacRumors, Eric Slivka took a close look at the "leaked" metal frame, and
compared it to Apple's actual design changes.

His conclusion: it may be a leaked smartphone frame but it's almost certainly
not the iPhone 6.

"The part appears to be a midframe such as that found in earlier iPhone models,
allowing components to be attached to both sides of the part before being
enclosed in the device's shell," he observes. "Apple did away with midframe
components as of the iPhone 5, opting for a unibody rear shell design that
allows components to be mounted directly to the shell, yielding a thinner
design. A return to a design requiring a midframe part would seem unlikely given
Apple's emphasis on thinness."

Secondly, the "frame seems to show accommodation for a headphone jack at the
same end of the device where a circular feature presumably corresponding to the
device's rear camera is positioned, undoubtedly the top end. With the shift to
the narrower Lightning connector in the iPhone 5, Apple shifted the location of
the iPhone's headphone jack to the bottom edge of the device....Moving the
headphone jack back to the top edge of the device for the iPhone 6 appears
unlikely, though not impossible."

Perhaps we need to rethink the idea that China is definitely the way to look for
accurate Apple related leaks and rumors.

iPhone 6 will be 6 mm thick and be called iPhone Air For the metrically
challenged, it's 0.23622, or just under one-quarter of an inch, as
ChannelPartners' Craig Galbraith helpfully points out. Compare that to the
chunky iPhone 5S, which is a whopping 7.6 mm or 0.299213 inches thick.

Galbraith assures us that a "new report" says this. Specifically, a "source not
only spilled to Korea's ET News the width of the device, but also that it will
be called the iPhone Air."

Checking the ETNews.com webpage, to which Galbraith links, and putting it
through Google translate we end up with this: "Chinese IT media, digital tech
(digi.tech.qq.com) to 5 (local time), citing sources, Apple's leading
manufacturer of next-generation smart phones' iPhone Air (working title), so the
thinner the thickness of 6mm reported that ."

So the original story, for ETNews, is actually the Chinese news site,
digi.tech.qq.com, (here's the Google translation of the home page) and its
apparently unidentified "sources." is part of Tencent Holdings, a big
China-based Internet services company.  The translation, on which Galbraith so
blithely relies, continues with this gem: "Apple's next-generation iPhone to
large screen display is used, the attention of people rea jimyeo news delivered
equipment is collected, but there was no detailed information about the
thickness. Recent leading online sources for the next generation of the Apple
iPhone is the thickness of the experimental drug would be said about 6mm."

We couldn't have said it better ourselves.

iPhone 6 will stay with 8 megapixel camera instead of 13 Here's the starting
point: a story on the English-language site of ChinaPost.com, about the sliding
stock price of Largan Precision Co., a major supplier of camera lens modules for
a range of mobile devices. The ChinaPost story says the stock price "tumbled
dramatically during trading yesterday, bottoming out after a near 7-percent drop
shortly after noon as disappointed investors reacted to rumors that Apple's
upcoming iPhone 6 handset would not be upgraded with a 13 megapixel (MP)
camera."

In fact, what investors were apparently reacting to was an investment note,
published by Nomura Securities (referenced by not linked to by ChinaPost). In
that note, the unnamed Nomura analys (or analysts) says that "Largan's recently
lagging performance in the market is caused by rumors that Apple may adopt an 8
mega-pixel (MP) camera with improved optical image stabilization on its upcoming
handset, instead of the 16 [apparently a typo for '13'] MP upgrade anticipated
by industry observers."

In other words, the stock analyst read some Apple rumors, notified investors
about them, and stepped away from the stampede.

But the ChinaPost story goes on to say that "Apple's decision is based on the
design requirement to retain the handset's more portable form factor, said
Nomura Securities." That claim by Nomuro suggests more than a mere rumor, but
again no source for the claim is offered.

It's also a claim that explains away rather than explains the alleged Apple
decision. For years, Apple's iPhone evolution has been about constant refinement
and improvement, all of which are viewed from a wholistic appreciation of the
"user experience."

That's why Apple can still have "only" a dual-core processor in the iPhone 5S
while far less successful rivals keep touting their wondrous four-core
processors.

BusinessInsider's Jay Yarrow buys into this conventional wisdom in his post
about the Nomura claim: "Its top rival, Samsung, has a 13 megapixel camera on
its top of the line phone, the Galaxy S4. So, it's a little surprising that
Apple doesn't want to upgrade the megapixel count on the iPhone."

But Yarrow goes on to draw a more insightful conclusion. "The iPhone's camera is
either the best or second best (depending on who you ask) for smart phones, even
with an 8 megapixel lens. Apple has managed to improve camera performance
through software, and other hardware engineering."

iPhone 6 will be built by Pegatron in addition to Foxconn This is one of those
rumortoids that have no relevance to real life for 99 percent of the world's
population. It's like knowing that "Traveling at the speed of light it would
still take you over 4 years to reach the Sun's nearest neighbor star."

From what The Rollup can tell, Taiwan's Chinese-language Liberty Times (the
parent also publishes the English-language Taipei Times) posted a story - based
on a single anonymous source - claiming that contract manufacturer Pegatron was
building a massive new plant in China where it would be building up to half of
all future iPhone 6 units.

That post was picked up and rewritten by wire service Agence France-Presse
(AFP), from which it was picked by outlets such as ChinaPost.com, and content
syndicators like Repost.us. From there, it made its way into a blizzard of
repostings in the iOSphere, like MacRumors, and from MacRumors to Ubergizmo.

Here's the core of the rumor, from the original AFP summary of the LibertyTimes
post: "Taiwan's Pegatron Corp, an assembler of Apple's iPhone 5C, is expected to
win half of the orders from the U.S. tech giant for its next smartphone model, a
report said Thursday.

In order to meet the demand, Pegatron has started building a new plant at
Kunshan, a satellite city near Shanghai where all its iPhones are assembled, the
Liberty Times said without identifying its source.

The paper said the Kunshan plant is scheduled to become operational in the
middle of the year and start mass production late this year, when Apple is
expected to roll out its iPhone 6."

To The Rollup, and we freely admit to being non-expert in building large-scale
manufacturing sites, if Pegatron is just now starting to build a massive new
plant for the iPhone 6, it seems a bit of a stretch that it will be ready by
June or July to cranking out phones in volume.

In any case, 1) the entire web of reposted and regurgitated speculation hinges
on one anonymous source and 2) even if true, doesn't really tell us anything
about the iPhone 6 that people might care about. Although Ubergizmo's Tyler Lee
gives it his best shot: "It's odd that the report only mentions one device, the
iPhone 6, because if the previous rumors have any credibility to them, Apple is
said to launch two phones: one of the 4.7-inch variety, and one of the 5.7-inch
variety."

Exactly: it's a mystery why one rumor about building the Next iPhone doesn't
take into account all those other rumors about two Next iPhones.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network
World.Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2014 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              272 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                                 Hobart Edition

Time for a change as devices go slim and sexy

BYLINE: ROD CHESTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 421  words


REVIEW FORGET about the TV show in which fat people get thin, Bringing Sexy Back
could be the advertising campaign for the Apple Watch.

The first thing you notice about the Watch is that there isn't much watch to
notice. It comes in two sizes, a 38mm and a 42mm, and three models.

Those three models mean that the same basic watch is dressed up in three ways,
making it attractive to more than one market, and more than just the tech-heads.

I tried on the Watch and it was noticeably lighter than the Garmin 220 runner's
watch that is usually on my wrist. The Watch Sport, with an alloy case, is even
lighter.

Just like the home button on your iPhone lets you control everything, the
digital crown on the side of the Watch is your first port of call.

Roll it and apps slide up or down, touch it to select what you want. The obvious
question about the Apple Watch is "do you need to wear it as a companion to your
iPhone".

The answer is yes, no and maybe.

Let's say you want to go out for a run. If you have your iPhone with you, the
Watch pairs to the smartphone and uses the GPS in the phone to give you pace and
distance information.

If you don't want to carry an iPhone on your run, the Watch will still measure
your pace and distance using a built-in accelerometer.

You can pair your Watch with a iPhone 5 or higher, and the Watch lets you use
Apple Pay.

So, while you will only be able to use the Apple Pay tap-and-touch with an
iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus, if you have a iPhone 5, 5S or 5C and an Apple Watch
you can still tap-and-touch to pay.

While the Apple Watch stole the show, two new iPhones are nothing to scoff at.
The iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus were just as expected.

Yes, they are thin. Yes, they are big.

The iPhone 6 Plus, like all phablets, presents a challenge for some small hands.
I had trouble reaching the top of its screen when holding it with one hand - but
the new double tap gesture helps there. Just tap twice (not press) on the home
button and the app drops down so that it only takes up the bottom half of the
screen, putting even the top row of icons within easy reach.

One weakness of the iPhone has always been its battery. The iPhone 6 Plus is
said to give 12 hours of Wi-Fi browsing (compared to 10 hours for the 5S) and 80
hours of audio (40 hours on the iPhone 5S).

Now, with Apple and Samsung both in the phablet market, you no longer have to
compare Apples with oranges.Apple fought a long battle against phablets and
lost. The iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus show that some battles are worth
losing.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Hobart Mercury


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              273 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Virtual crowd line up for new iPhone

SECTION: NEWS; General

LENGTH: 317 words


Bendy-gate hasn"t deterred them, nor has Apple pulling the latest update of iOS
8 because of software glitches.

But maybe that"s because they"re made of cardboard.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available in New Zealand in a selected
few Spark stores from 12.01am, and the rest from 7am.

And the queues for the smartphones are already packed, even though no one is
actually there.

Spark has offered Apple fanbois the chance to join a queue of cardboard cut-outs
with emoji faces.

The company invites people on its site: "Join our Emoji Queue and a life-size
emoji character will reserve your spot in line outside one of our launch stores.
Your emoji does the waiting. Then on the day, you tag in and take your spot."

Spark says it will notify customers when their emoji - the popular cartoon faces
used to express emotions in text messages - are near the front of the queue, so
they can hot-foot it down to the store to get their iPhone 6.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus went on sale last Friday in the US, UK,
Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico and Singapore.

Apple broke its sales record for an opening weekend of a new iPhone model,
delivering 10 million in three days and boasting it could have sold more if it
had them.

"Sales for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus exceeded our expectations for the launch
weekend, and we couldn"t be happier," Apple chief executive Tim Cook said on
Monday.

"We could have sold many more iPhones with greater supply and we are working
hard to fill orders as quickly as possible."

The opening weekend for the large-screen iPhones allowed Apple to break its
record for launch weekend sales of nine million, which its set last year when it
launched the iPhone 5S and 5C.

Queues in the US and Australia started 10 days before the phone was available.

Prices for the iPhone 6 start at $999 and $$1149 for the iPhone 6 Plus, which
boasts a larger screen.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              274 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                            April 22, 2014, Tuesday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending April 18;
Super Siri, strange price hike, clues in cases and batteries

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1958 words


The iOSphere this past week wondered at the prospect of iPhone 6 with a
Supercharged Siri, an all-knowing, all-doingsoftware entity that will manage
your iOS life for you. Eventually, probably in iOS 9, Siri will offer
psychotherapy.

The Bummer of the Week was a confused, and confusedly reported, rumor that Apple
is negotiating with carriers to raise the iPhone 6 price by $100. Why Apple
would need carrier by-in to price its smartphone was unclear. The rumor resulted
in something rarely seen: cheers for the carriers, who according to the Wall
Street analyst who floated the context-less rumor, were supposedly resisting the
hike.

Bloggers and tech websites also eagerly sifted through anonymous photos of
third-party phone cases, "specially designed for the iPhone 6," and bigger
batteries that, although they could be for any smartphone, if you think of them
as being for the iPhone 6, show that the iPhone body would have to be larger,
too.

It's simple really.

You read it here second.

iPhone 6 will have "supercharged" Siri This is less a rumor than a hope. It's
based on listing the various ways in which Apple's Siri voice assistant lacks
certain features found in rivals, such as Google Now and Microsoft's
just-announced Cortana, and looking at some Apple acquisitions.

Neither technique really guarantees what we'll see in Siri with the next release
of iOS.

This latest comparison is a Slashgear post by Chris Davies, who uses the space
to mainly rehash and link to various earlier Slashgear posts on this general
topic.

As did many others, Davies points again to Apple's recently disclosed
acquisition of Novauris Technologies, a startup created by Dragon Systems
co-founder James Baker, which reportedly is working on an automatic speech
recognition system that runs partly on the client device and partly in the
cloud.

"Local speech processing is one of the elements that rivals to Siri have cited
as key advantages," Davies claims. "Rather than waiting for server-side
analysis, for instance, Intel's Jarvis voice control can do it on the wearable
itself."

The other elements of the "supercharged" Siri would be a personalized calendar,
via Apple's acquisition of Cue, integration with the Shazam audio database for
music recognition, and a Siri API, which would let third-party app developers
tap into Siri. Apple is "believed to be readying" this, according to Davies.

Davies seems to be borrowing the API stuff from a TechCrunch post by Darrell
Etherington, who in turn is, openly, borrowing from a subscription-only original
article, "Apps Emerge as Key Battleground in Mobile Search," at The Information,
a high-profile news startup focusing on the technology business.

That article, as Etherrington notes, looks at Siri as part of a larger analysis
of the evolving mobile search/app integration space. As such, Siri is likely to
become "smarter" and more capable - relating apps, calendars, and personalized
information to tasks carried out on behalf of the user, sometimes in cooperation
with third-party apps or online services.

In that sense, Siri becomes a growing part of the end-user "infrastructure" of
Apple iOS users, analogous to Apple's extension of iOS location services by
means of the iBeacon software framework for Bluetooth Low Energy radios on iOS
devices, opening them up to interacting with third-party BTLE beacons,
notifications, and apps and other content.

As a human-machine interface, Siri is a work in progress, and there's no
indication that Apple has given up on it or made it a lesser priority.

iPhone 6 will be $100 more expensive than the iPhone 5s Business Insider's Jay
Yarrow thinks Apple is "too focused on profits."

That's his conclusion, in a blog post titled "Apple Reportedly Wants To Raise
The Price Of The iPhone By $100," about a claim put forward by Jefferies stock
analyst Peter Misek. According to Yarrow's post, Misek says, "Our checks
indicate Apple has started negotiating with carriers on a $100 iPhone 6 price
increase. The initial response has been no, but there seems to be an admission
that there is no other game-changing device this year."

"Because the iPhone is the only phone that matters this year, carriers may cave
and give Apple the price bump it wants," Yarrow concludes. This strikes The
Rollup as a fundamental misunderstanding of Apple's relationship with the
carriers. About 70 percent of Apple's iPhone business is transacted mainly
through carriers and some retailers.

There's a lot about this relationship that's not clear. In general, the
conviction is that mobile carriers pay Apple something close to the full retail
price of each iPhone, which they then sell to subscribers for less, if the phone
is bought with a two-year contract: the starting price iPhone 5s is $199, with a
contract, for example. There are additional costs for the carriers: as part of
the deal, Apple requires carriers to commit to TV and print advertising, set up
an "exclusion zone" around the iPhone display space to keep other products
further away, and dedicate customer service staff specifically for Apple
products, at least according to this July 2013 article in The Telegraph, which
examined Apple's terms with European carriers.

As importantly, Apple apparently requires a "minimum order quantity" or MOQ from
carriers, which seems to be a percentage of their total subscriber base. (See
Horace Dediu's analysis of this at his Asymco blog).

None of this suggests that Apple negotiates the iPhone "price" with carriers.
They can negotiate, or try to, the amount of the "subsidy" - the difference
between what the carriers charge their subscribers for an iPhone and what Apple
charges the carriers. So far, they've been willing to pay that, because of the
phone's popularity and because of the data usage patterns of iPhone users - they
use a lot, and if they're on LTE, they use even more.

Yarrow seems to assume that Apple simply intends to raise by $100 the price of
whatever the iPhone 6 turns out to be. "But really, for a company with $150
billion in cash, adding $100 to the price of its phone seems like a move that's
too focused on profits," he declares.

"This seems like a strange move for Apple," Yarrow writes. "At a time when its
rivals are going down in price, Apple wants to go up." But then he undermines
his own argument by noting that "Samsung's phablet, the 6-inch Galaxy Note 3
sells for $100 more than its 5-inch Galaxy S5."

UPI's Ananth Baliga wrote a story based on the same Misek Note To Investors, but
added one detail missing from Yarrow's account.

"According to the note the extra cost will be split between the customer and
carrier, with each asked to pay $50," she says.

"The iPhone 5S is currently sold at a subsidized rate of $200 with a standard
two-year contract. If the price increase were to take place, customers would
have to pay $250 for the new phone."

It remains very unclear whether, or how, Apple will extend the iPhone portfolio
in 2014. It currently has two models, the flagship 5s and the lower-priced 5c,
both with 4-inch diagonal screens. Many people are expecting two new iPhones by
the end of 2014, both with screens larger than that. But would that mean Apple
does away with the 4-inch display completely? Would a 4.7-inch iPhone become the
new "5c" and a 5.5- or 6-inch iPhone the new "5s?" Or do both phones migrate to
a 4.7-inch screen and a new, third model offers a 5-inch-or-larger screen, at a
price hike?

And what, actually, is strange about charging more for a phone that's more
expensive to produce, if consumers see, and are willing to pay for, added value?

iPhone 6 will have 4.7-inch screen, as revealed by anonymous third-party phone
cases Thank heavens someone is tracking the trends in Purported iPhone 6 Cases.

And why? Because "Purported iPhone 6 cases suggest design changes," according to
the CNET post by Don Reisinger.

"Photos of purported iPhone 6 cases have popped up on the Web and seem to show
features that have been rumored over the last several months," he announces.

"The cases, made by an unidentified third-party and specifically designed for
the iPhone 6, feature the same design in a few colors," he reveals. "They come
with a screen opening of 4.7 inches and a new location for the power switch from
the top of the iPhone to the side. The cases also include rectangular volume
controls on the opposite side of the power button. An opening for Apple's logo
and another for a camera are also in the cases."

Reisinger gets this from 9to5Mac, which got it from the French site
NoWhereElse.fr, which in turn picked up from the Japanese Mac fan site, Mac
Otakara.

NoWhereElse's Steve Hemmerstoffer exhibits an almost compulsive attention to
details, measuring and annotating everything and drawing conclusions. The
assumption behind all these posts is that companies making money selling
protective cases for iPhones have an interest in getting accurate information so
they can pre-design and manufacture cases for the Next iPhone before anyone
else.

Here's the Google translation of part of the research and analysis from
NoWhereElse: "Designed on the basis of information obtained from a source kept
secret, these shells are supposed silicone perfect fit an iPhone 6 with a screen
measuring 4.7 inches diagonally. Wishing to avoid that these data may allow a
more props to manufacture their own products, my contact was unfortunately not
want to give me the exact dimensions of these hulls ..."

Makes perfect sense to us: secret sources, alleged or purported photos, no exact
dimensions. No, you know, facts. The perfect rumor.

iPhone 6 will be bigger because photos show bigger batteries It was busy week
for Hemmerstoffer's NoWhereElse blog, which was also the source of photos
supposedly showing the batteries for the iPhone 6. The batteries are bigger than
the batteries in today's iPhones, therefore the Next iPhone must be bigger, too.

To lend credence to this imagining, the post notes that (via Google Translate of
the original French) "End of March, Aaron Lee and Joseph Tsai of Digitimes
claimed Apple would at already placed orders with suppliers of batteries under
the production of its future iPhone 6, according to Hemmerstoffer. "Imagine a
picture that you was passed earlier in the morning seems to confirm the rumor
launched by the Taiwanese website ...The photo in question is supposed to
introduce ourselves batteries or to equip the next iPhone. These batteries could
of course have been designed for any other smartphone but admit for a moment
that my source is telling the truth ..."

Wait. What? "These batteries could of course have been designed for any other
smartphone?"

But we can get past that, by admitting - for a moment - that his source is
telling the truth. Why would he lie, right?

"In examining these batteries more closely, you will actually realize that a
mysterious metallic elements missing from current models has been integrated
alongside the + and - terminals whose positioning has also been slightly
modified," Hemmerstoffer notes. "A hole was drilled at the end of this new
element, I guess it will fix the battery housing of the device." So by examining
the mysterious details, we can see that these batteries that could be for any
smartphone are indeed different from the battery in the current iPhone.

"Assuming that the batteries that have led me to write this article are indeed
intended to supply the iPhone 6, it could therefore be effectively presented in
approximately three months either in the month of July ... Wait & See ..."

If we all just waited and saw what Apple actually announces for the 2014 iPhone,
life would be so much simpler.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for "Network World."

Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnww Email: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2014 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              275 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        China Daily (Hong Kong Edition)

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

Local grey market preparing for iPhone 6 demand pick-up

BYLINE: Agnes Lu in Hong Kong

LENGTH: 651  words


Apple fans on the mainland might not be able to buy the long-awaited iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus within this year because Apple had failed to reach an
agreement over its license application with the Ministry of Industry and
Information Technology.

A man strolls past a signboard showing the recovery price of IPhone 6 in Mong
Kok on Wednesday. Parker Zheng / China Daily

Apple fans on the mainland might not be able to buy the long-awaited iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus within this year because Apple had failed to reach an
agreement over its license application with the Ministry of Industry and
Information Technology.

The application, which was expected to be approved at the end of this month, was
reportedly rejected by the authorities, and it is not known when Apple will make
another application for a license.

Apple's iPhones will be made available in 10 countries - including Hong Kong -
from Sept 19, but Apple has not yet stated when they will be available on the
Chinese mainland, despite it being one of the US tech giant's largest markets.

Apple last week unveiled the two latest models in its iPhone series, both of
which boast a larger screen, to try to recapture its role as a technological
trend-setter. Hong Kong iPhone resellers say the iPhones could be resold on the
mainland, where fans could pay up to 30,000 yuan ($4,888) for a new handset.

Stocks of the Chinese mainland telecommunications industry fell the most on the
Hang Seng Composite Index after the news came out that iPhones will not be
available for a while. China Mobile Ltd slid 3.8 percent when the market closed
on Sept 16, posting its biggest drop since August 2012.

But the news seems to have only brought more caution to Hong Kong's grey market,
while legal, is still unofficail or unauthoralized. In Sin Tat Plaza in Mong
Kok, dealers say it is very hard to estimate the market price for the new Apple
mobiles, as it is fluctuating all the time.

"But the price for the 128G version iPhone 6 Plus will definitely exceed
HK$20,000," said the salesperson of Iron Ladies Workshop on the second floor of
the building. She has already got more than 20 pre-orders for iPhone 6 Plus
series from customers, each order requiring down payment of at least HK$15,000.
"One customer from Shandong province ordered five at one time," she said.

The shop owner of Comeoin on the first floor said he had already got more than
100 orders for all the iPhone 6 mobile products. "You can order as many as you
want. I have my own sources to get the phones," he said.

The actual payment will be dependent on the market price on Sept 19 when
pre-ordered iPhone 6 can be picked up at local retail stores. That also means
all customers who ordered from these electronic accessories dealers can get
their new mobiles as soon as tomorrow.

The absence of the mainland in Apple's second round selling region just
triggered another buying spree in Hong Kong two days ago, as the raging typhoon
came in just right on time to make staying at home and clicking mouses for
potential fortune so tempting. After Apple had opened up its online reservation
system at 8:00 am, all iPhone 6 Plus has been booked up within three minutes,
and iPhone 6 within eight.

Tips on how to get in the system faster than others and place your reservation
successfully already circulated online for days, as lots of locals failed to
snap up the new phones while they were sitting in offices and gearing for iPhone
6's initial online selling in Hong Kong. Apple announced that it got orders for
over four million of its latest smartphones in the first 24 hours globally.

Apple's continuing delay on the mainland has left mainland telecommunication
giants no solution but to postpone their own iPhone 6 contract plans. China
Mobile Ltd started focusing on selling cheaper domestically-produced
unsubsidized phones that work on 4G networks.

agnes@chinadailyhk.com

(HK Edition 09/18/2014 page8)

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1495


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              276 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

Is the iOS 8 update too big for your iPhone?

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; General

LENGTH: 325 words


Apple"s new-generation mobile software is now available for download, but many
users have hit a snag trying to install iOS 8 due to the size of the update.

iOS 8 requires at least 5.7GB of free space to be installed on most iPhone and
iPad models, according to the Global News. Previous iOS updates only needed
about 1GB of free space.

The free software will be pre-installed on iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus - which
New Zealand customers can pre-order starting from next Friday - but that doesn"t
help users with an older version of iPhone.

Many of those users took to Twitter to vent their frustration with updating to
the iOS 8 mobile operating system.

"just deleted about 1,000 pics so i can have enough storage for iOS8," Twitter
user @jords97 wrote.

Welp... I have no friends now.. Mostly because I deleted all my pictures, apps,
songs, and contacts. To make room for ios8.. &mdash; Zakry Hayden
(@ZakHaydenMusic)

>Full list of iOS 8 compatible devices:>

iPhones

? iPhone 4s

? iPhone 5

? iPhone 5s

? iPhone 5c

? iPhone 6

? iPhone 6 Plus

iPads

? iPad 2

? 3rd and 4th-generation iPad

? iPad Air

? iPad Mini

? iPad Mini with Retina display

iPod

? 5th generation iPod Touch

Deleting 400 messages, 900 songs, 1000 pictures, deleting my house, my life...
just to get &mdash; Nicole Solin (@NicoleSolin)

Read more:

? Smartwatch, iPhone 6 unveiled

? iPhone 5s vs iPhone 6: Should you buy Apple"s new phone?

what else does iOS8 want me to delete, my childhood memories???&mdash; S.
(@asandsaforever)

A tip for updating your iPhone/iPad/iPod software is to connect your device to a
computer and download then install iOS 8 via iTunes rather than directly onto
your device through Wi-Fi.

It also goes without saying that you back up your device before downloading the
new software, as there is always a chance your data could be lost if something
goes wrong mid-installation.

And be prepared to wait. some users have reported total install times taking
over an hour.

-With AFP, Daily Telegraph

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              277 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                     October 14, 2015 Wednesday 1:46 PM GMT

The best iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s cases;
The newest member of the Apple family line is being snapped up like hot cakes.
If you've welcomed the latest iPhone into your life, you'll need something tough
to protect it from scuffsand scratches. We've found the best cases to keep your
6sin tip-top condition

BYLINE: Melisha Kaur

SECTION: GADGETS & TECH

LENGTH: 419 words


Your spanking new iPhone 6sis a beautiful thing. But you'll need a protective
case to keep it that way. Drops, scrapes and marks are hard to avoid if you're
always on the go, so we've found some tough covers to safeguard your smartphone
while giving it a stylish finishing touch.

1. Ted Baker iPhone 6/6sCase in Alli Cascading Floral with Mirror

Featuring a vibrant floral design, this pretty case offers all-round protection
against everyday bumps and scrapes and gives easy access to controls. Selfie
queens can use the built-in mirror before taking a snap and keep their phone in
a handbag without worrying about it getting scratched.

Ted Baker iPhone 6/6sCase in Alli Cascading Floral with Mirror

£29.95, Proporta,

Buy it now

2. Skinnydip iPhone 6/6s Krusty O's Case

The Simpsons fans can protect their tech with this fun case by Skinnydip London.
The colourful accessory is made with flexible silicone and will cover the back
and sides of your smartphone.

Skinnydip iPhone 6/6s Krusty O's Case

£16, Skinnydip London,

Buy it now

3. Rock Dr.V iPhone 6s/6 View Case in Gold

Perfect for multi-taskers on the go, this sleek gold flip case offers strong
protection for the front and back of your phone and allows you to unlock your
device while it's still closed. The slim cover offers a snug fit and also aids
grip - which is great for those who tend to drop their phones.

Rock Dr.V iPhone 6s/6 View Case in Gold

£19.99, MobileFun,

Buy it now

4. Spigen iPhone 6 and 6s Air Skin Soft Clear Case

This semi-transparent case may only be 0.4mm thick, but a premium polycarbonate
build and protective urethane coating means it's tough enough to keep your
iPhone safe from knocks and scratches. If you're not keen on the bulk of most
cases, then this lightweight cover is your best bet.

Spigen iPhone 6 and 6s Air Skin Soft Clear Case

£12.99, Mobile Madhouse,

Buy it now

5. Olixar Maze Hollow iPhone 6s/6 Case in Mint Green

Give your phone a fresh look with this handsome mint green case. With a striking
hollow maze-inspired design, the hard cover has a raised bezel to shield your
device from scratches and dirt and won't add extra bulk.

Olixar Maze Hollow iPhone 6s/6 Case in Mint Green

£15, MobileFun,

Buy it now

Follow us on Twitter

@ESLifeandStyle

and on

Facebook

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2015 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              278 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     September 26, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

iOS 8.0.2 released to take care of issues caused by the previous update

LENGTH: 356  words


A day after Apple pulled a plug on iOS 8.0.1 update which created a few issues
for Iphone 6 and 6 Plus users, Apple has now released the second update to iOS 8
operating system. This iOS 8.0.2 update has been released to resolve issues like
loss of call services and problems with TouchID which were faced by users who
upgraded to the iOS 8.0.1.

Apple had a day back apologised for the issues caused by the iOS 8.0.1 update,
and suggested a workaround for Iphone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus users to downgrade to
iOS 8.

This update brings bug fixes and improvements to features which include
Healthkit Apps, third-party keyboards, Photo Library, cellular services, SMS/MMS
messages and others.

Here is the complete changelog by the company:

- Fixes an issue in iOS 8.0.1 that impacted cellular network connectivity and
Touch ID on iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus

- Fixes a bug so HealthKit apps can now be made available on the App Store

- Addresses an issue where 3rd party keyboards could become deselected when a
user enters their passcode

- Fixes an issue that prevented some apps from accessing photos from the Photo
Library

- Improves the reliability of the Reachability feature on iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus

- Fixes an issue that could cause unexpected cellular data usage when receiving
SMS/MMS messages

- Better support of Ask To Buy for Family Sharing for In-App Purchases

- Fixes an issue where ringtones were sometimes not restored from iCloud backups

- Fixes a bug that prevented uploading photos and videos from Safari

To download the update, do this:

The update is available over-the-air and can easily be downloaded. Users of
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus can go to 'Settings' in the menu and  'General' in
it. There will be an option called Software Update given in it. Opt for it and
download the update.

Ever since the launch of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, users have been
companing about some of the other issue. Appart from software issues, Apple
users have also complaint about the iPhone 6 Plus bending issues when kept in
pockets. Due to this bendgate issue, Apple has been trolled by other its
competitors as well. You can read about it here.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              279 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                           November 22, 2013, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending Nov. 22;
One size fits all, insiders, the more expensive iPhone

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1058 words


The iOSphere has gone gaga over what everyone says is a "report" that iPhone 6
will have a big screen and we now knowhow big. Thank heavens for "insiders."

Also in this abbreviated Rollup: brace yourselves for the More Expensive iPhone.

You read it here second.

"According to Ctech, both iPhone 5S and 5C will get a display size bump next
year, though they are not sure how big the screen of C line will be."~ Stasys
Bielinis, UnwiredViews, who translates the Google translation__________ iPhone 6
will have 4.9-inch display according to a "report" that's "pretty good" By now,
everyone knows that iPhone 6 will have a bigger-than-4-inch display. Because ...
well, because it's obvious.

The latest "confirmation" of big-screen iPhones sweeping the iOSphere, as in
this post at UnwiredView, is based on a short post at a Chinese language tech
site called CTech.

Here's how UnwiredViews Stasys Bielinis puts it: "Now Chinese site C Technology
[i.e. CTech], which has been pretty good at this, claims to have received an
insider tip that Apple is testing iPhone prototype with 4.9" display."

According to Google Translate here is CTech's claim in its entirety: "We have
just received a message from insiders is that Apple has begun testing a
prototype iPhone 6 for some time, and its size is 4.9 inches."

That's it. Based on that one sentence, it's impossible to know whether there
actually are multiple insiders who are messaging CTech, or whether CTech simply
made it all up. [FYI, here's the original Chinese post at CTech.]  The use of
the word "prototype" always creates a frisson of excitement in the iOSphere. But
prototypes are widely used in product development. What's missing here, and in
nearly all iOSphere revelations about Apple prototypes, is any understanding of
how Apple actually does its prototyping: at what stage of the development
process; whether it does different prototypes at different stages; at which
stage is this alleged prototype; how do the "insiders" know it's an iPhone 6
prototype; and so on.

Finally, UnwiredView adds that "According to Ctech, both iPhone 5S and 5C will
get a display size bump next year, though they are not sure how big the screen
of C line will be."

That's what might be called a very loose paraphrase, according to Google
Translate which renders the Chinese almost into gibberish: "In addition to the
screen size, no more news iPhone 6, but the news source also revealed that next
year Apple will release two may be at the press conference announcing the big
screen iPhone, ie iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C is an upgraded version of the big
screen But iPhone 5C upgraded version of the screen size is uncertain whether
the 4.9 inches. But from the perspective of avoiding fragmentation, iPhone 5C is
an upgraded version of 4.9 inches screen size should also, of course, how the
truth, you also need to wait for further news, we will continue to pay close
attention."

The phrase "you also need to wait for further news" could be the Great Litany of
the iOSphere.

But in the skilled hands of seasoned interpreters, you don't need to wait for
further news: you can make it up yourself, because the very absence of
information reveals information. "The screen number jump, however, for the 5C
was not provided though the report has attested that a 4.9-inch handset is
currently being tested, softly implying that the tech giant has finally found
the sweet spot for the screen of its first phablet offering," helpfully explains
International Business Times' Erik Pineda.  iPhone 6 will have a bigger pricetag
to match the bigger screen Not many people who argued, or ranted, that Apple
"had" to have a cheap iPhone to survive saw this one coming: a more expensive
iPhone.

"Given the high cost of components in Apple's new iPhone 5s and the company's
appetite for high profit margins, some observers theorize that it may opt to
ship its next flagship iPhone with a higher price," writes John Paczkowski, at
the AllThingsD blog.  "Some observers" apparently means "one guy," specifically
Chris Caso, a stock analyst with Susquehanna, who "figures the so-called iPhone
6's bill of materials -- which is expected to include a faster chip and a new,
larger display that may or may not be made from sapphire -- will drive up the
device's retail price."

Of course the Big Question is: how much?

"We think Apple could get away with a $50 to $100 premium for a larger screen
size iPhone 6," Caso wrote. "We think such a move could avoid the margin erosion
that occurred when the iPhone 5 was launched."

Paczkowski does the math: "That means instead of $199 (with two-year contract),
the iPhone 6 -- or whatever the successor to the 5s is called -- could price out
at somewhere between $249 and $299."

But it would be worth it to get that Bigger-Than-4-Inches display, eh?

He points out that Apple boosted the price of the new iPad mini with Retina
display by $70 to $399. "It would likely have no trouble doing the same for the
iPhone, particularly if the device's new bill of materials required a higher
price to maintain the fat margins of which Apple is so fond," he concludes.

The iPad price hike is 21 percent, essentially to $400. That's a hefty premium
when there are so many lower-priced tablets on the market, though obviously none
of them are the iPad and none of them participate in the "iOS ecosystem." For
the third-generation iPad, the first to introduce the Retina display on the
tablet, Apple had a bigger battery, much improved CPU and graphics processor,
and clearly a more expensive screen. Yet its starting price was unchanged at
$499.   But the tablet and smartphone are clearly two different markets. So far,
tablet sales for Apple or anyone else are a fraction of smartphone sales.

There are a lot of unknowns here. How price sensitive are potential buyers of a
Big Screen iPhone (BSi)? Would a BSi become the flagship phone, with the "iPhone
6C" keeping the current 4-inch display? Does Apple want to increase the price
difference between the two phones? Or does Apple plan a trinity of iPhone
models: the less expensive "C" line with year-old technology; a higher-end model
continuing with the 4-inch display; and a new larger-screen model that will have
a higher price?

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network
World.Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              280 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 28, 2015 Friday 2:03 PM GMT

iPhone 6s/7 rumours suggest 'best ever' camera will take super high-resolution
snaps and INCREDIBLE selfies;
iDon't believe that picture was taken with a mobile phone - new device is set to
be a snapper's delight

BYLINE: By Jasper Hamill

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 911 words


Apple is preparing to unleash a new camera which will be the best ever seen on
an iPhone, rumour mill churners have claimed.

Although we don't yet know whether the must-have mobile will be called the 6s or
7, there has been a slow drip of information leaking out from behind Apple's
iRon curtain - including the picture above, which allegedly shows the box of the
larger "plus"model.

The latest rumours suggest the camera is due for a "major revamp".

It will be upgraded from 8 to 12 megapixels, allowing Apple fans to take photos
of a much higher resolution than ever before.

The camera is also expected to enable 4K video recording, making it one of the
first phones to feature this super detailed video format.

"The benefits of 4K video recording include compatibility with the latest
consumer television sets, improved stability and clarity, as well as benefits
during post-production editing," wrote the ever-reliable Apple site 9to5Mac.

The new iPhone is also expected to feature a front-facing flash to allow
selfie-obsessed people to take pictures of themselves in dim light.

However, there is some debate about how this will work.

"While some industry watchers have speculated that code in iOS 9 betas indicates
that Apple will add a front-facing LED flash to the new iPhones, sources say
that is not the case," 9to5Mac added.

"Instead, the new iPhone's display will take cues from Snapchat and Photo Booth,
lighting up with a quick white screen when the shutter button for the front
camera is pressed.

"Front-facing panorama shots and slow motion video in 720P are also likely to
make it to the front camera this fall."

The iPhone will be released at a glittering event on September 9.

Here's what we know about the highly-anticipated mobile so far.  Apple iPhone 7:
Price

If the rumours of a smaller, cheaper iPhone 6C are true then it's unlikely that
Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6 - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices. Apple iPhone 7: Release date

We'll see it officially revealed on September 9.

Both the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 5S were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy. It will look to take advantage of Black Friday
sales and the run up to Christmas.

Alongside the iPhone 6S, Apple is also expected to reveal the iPhone 6S Plus and
potentially an iPhone 6C . Apple iPhone 7: Camera and design

A big clue about what to expect from the iPhone 7's camera was discovered by
developer Hamza Sood inside the iOS 9 code.

The code includes support for a front-facing camera flash - something currently
unavailable on any existing model of iPhone.

Hamza tweet 1

What's more, the code also reveals the next iPhone will be able to run FaceTime
at full 1080p high definition. Currently, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus can only
manage 720p defintion.

Apple is clearly targeting selfie-mad snappers who prefer the front-facing
camera to the rear-facing one.

In terms of design, the iPhone 6 was a big change from the iPhone 5S and it's
unlikely Apple will redesign the appearance two years running.

Having said that, both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the
Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

And yet, the latest set of rumours suggest that Apple will be introducing a
brand new colour into the mix. We're expecting the usual space grey, silver and
gold options but how about...pink?

A set of images appearing on Chinese social media appear to show a fully-formed
2015 iPhone with a pink case.

Apple usually refers to this colour as "Rose Gold" when it's talking about the
Apple Watch - so it could be producing this new version of the iPhone to match
its smartwatch.

Screen size is perhaps the most contentious issue. Some rumours have suggested
Apple will reveal three handsets this year , each with a different screen size.

Alongside the 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch upgrades to the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, some
rumours have suggested a smaller iPhone 6C could be revealed with a 4-inch
screen.

If true, it would give Apple a "budget" option to appeal to those who don't want
to fork out for the larger phones. Apple iPhone 7: Specs

Because the new iPhone will arrive with Apple's iOS 9 software and an upgraded
processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to a report from Reuters , Apple's arch-nemesis Samsung will be
responsible for building 75% of the new processor.

Likely to be called the A9 chip, the new beating heart of the iPhone will be
smaller than the previous iteration - allowing engineers to cram even more
transistors onto the silicone.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.

So far, Apple has resisted updating the random-access memory (RAM) of its
smartphones, but some sources expect the new model to have at least 2GB of RAM
on the clock.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              281 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Mirror (Sri Lanka)

                            December 5, 2014 Friday

Dialog launches iPhone 6 Plus and 6 in Sri Lanka

LENGTH: 237 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Dec. 5 -- Sri Lanka's only authorised partner network for Apple
iPhone, Dialog Axiata, launches the iPhone 6 Plus and the iPhone 6 in Sri Lanka
today, dialing a new chapter in the country's premier mobile device offering.

The iPhone 6 Plus and the iPhone 6 operates on 4G and users can avail of Sri
Lanka's widest 4G LTE network with Dialog to stay connected on the go. Dialog
also presents the best after sales service with warranty and expert support for
Apple iPhones in Sri Lanka, offering the best complete solution in the country.

Dialog offered the new iPhones for pre-order last week, and received an
overwhelming response with close to 500 orders for both models.

"As the country's only authorized partner network for Apple iPhone, Dialog is
privileged to present the iPhone 6 to Sri Lanka, as we transcend the mobile
device experience with unparalleled best-in-class service. We are committed to
add value to our customers, to surpass their connectivity experience and the
partnership with Apple and the presentation of the official iPhone 6 for the
first time in Sri Lanka is a testimony to this vision," said Lasantha
Thevarapperuma, Head of Business, Mobile Telecommunications of DialogAxiata PLC.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Mirror Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Wijeya Newspaper Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              282 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Apple says iPhone 6 bendgate affected just 'nine customers'

SECTION: MOBILE PLATFORMS AND INTEGRATION; Mobile Platforms and Integration

LENGTH: 451 words



HIGHLIGHT: But Apple stock still tumbling amidst a buggy iOS8 rollout.


Apple has comeback at claims that the iPhone 6 Plus is easily bent by stating
that this damage would be 'rare' with normal use.

The retort comes amidst the ongoing bendgate incident, so called because some
owners of the iPhone 6 Plus are claiming that their phones are bending after
prolonged stays in their front trouser pockets.

First appearing on MacRumors.com, photos of bent iPhones quickly circulated the
web, with competitors eagerly jumping in to mock Apple. Samsung posted this
photo of its Galaxy Note Edge on Twitter, a smartphone which is meant to have a
curve in it.

In a statement, Apple said: "Our iPhones are designed, engineered and
manufactured to be both beautiful and sturdy. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus feature
a precision engineered unibody enclosure constructed from machining a custom
grade of 6000 series anodized aluminum, which is tempered for extra strength.
They also feature stainless steel and titanium inserts to reinforce high stress
locations and use the strongest glass in the smartphone industry.

UK phone tester SquareTrade, which originally said that the iPhone 6 Plus scored
higher in terms of durability than the Samsung Galaxy S5, issued a statement
this this week saying it would retest the phone to measure its bendability.

The firm said: "A bendability test hasn't been part of our breakability testing
to date because up until this week we've never seen a phone thin enough to make
this a potential issue."

In its statement, Apple said that the materials and construction methods used in
making the iPhone 6 Plus were chosen very carefully for their strength and
durability. The phone giant also said that it performs strict testing on all
phones during their development cycles.

"We also perform rigorous tests throughout the entire development cycle
including 3-point bending, pressure point cycling, sit, torsion, and user
studies. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus meet or exceed all of our high quality
standards to endure everyday, real life use.

"With normal use a bend in iPhone is extremely rare and through our first six
days of sale, a total of nine customers have contacted Apple with a bent iPhone
6 Plus. As with any Apple product, if you have questions please contact Apple."

Apple's share price has dropped following bendgate, but some blame can also be
attributed to the initial iOS 8update which left many users unable to use their
iPhone properly.

$20bn was obliterated off the value of Apple on Thursday after it pulled the
iOS8 update. Apple said: "We apologise for the great inconvenience experienced
by users and are working around the clock to prepare iOS 8.0.2 with a fix for
the issue."

Shares had fallen 3.8% on Thursday, putting Apple below the $100 mark.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              283 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                     September 19, 2014 Friday 8:21 AM GMT

Apple fans count down for iPhone 6

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 456 words


Thousands of t echnology fans up and down the country will get their hands on
the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus handsets today.

The US company announced the new devices to much fanfare at a highly-anticipated
event in California last week, and customers will be able to buy them from Apple
stores from 8am.

Some fans were so keen to get their hands on the new iPhones they began camping
outside the Apple store in Regent Street, London on Monday.

Around 30 or so people set up camp outside the Apple store in London's Covent
Garden yesterday, with tents, tables and chairs and even bottles of wine bearing
testimony to their dedication.

Among them was Lasse Maroen, who caught a three-hour flight from his home in
Bergen, Norway with friends from work to get the iPhone 6.

He said: "I have been here since this morning. We came here last year to get the
iPhone 5s. We had such a good time so we decided to go back this year."

Asked if he was a "technology geek", he said: "I have been known to buy the new
iPhones on the day they come out since the first one in 2007, so pretty much."

Mr Maroen said he planned to buy the handset outright. The iPhone 6 is expected
to start at £539, and the 6 Plus at £619.

He said: "I read a lot of iPhone blogs and news sites, and because I watched the
keynote presentation a few weeks ago, and there had been rumours about the
launch being this day, so we had planned on going here for quite some time."

Mr Maroen praised the way Apple co-founder and chairman Steve Jobs had changed
the face of the company.

He said: "I think there are many geniuses (at Apple), but you can't come away
from the fact that Steve Jobs transformed Apple from almost bankrupt in 1997 to
being the biggest company in the world."

On Monday Apple announced a record number of first day pre-orders of the two
handsets, with over four million in the first 24 hours.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available in the 10 countries from today,
including the UK, the US, Australia and Singapore, and a further 20 next Friday.

Both handsets will be available in new sizes for the first time, with the iPhone
6 offering a 4.7-inch screen, while the 6 Plus boasts the biggest screen Apple
has ever produced for a smartphone at 5.5 inches.

Network operator EE has also said it will ensure that customers who had
pre-ordered new handsets through Phones 4u, which went into administration on
Sunday, would still be able to get them in its stores.

A spokesman said: "All across the country we have set aside iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus handsets, enough for Phones 4u customers who pre-ordered iPhones on EE
through Phones 4u.

"If they go into EE stores and show their pre-order receipts they will be able
to claim one of the devices."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2014 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              284 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Apple unveils the Watch, larger iPhones at star-studded event

LENGTH: 841  words


Apple Inc unveiled a new watch, two larger iPhones and a mobile payments service
on Tuesday as Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook seeks to revive the company's
reputation as a wellspring of innovation.

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

CUPERTINO, Calif. - Apple Inc unveiled a new watch, two larger iPhones and a
mobile payments service on Tuesday as Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook seeks to
revive the company's reputation as a wellspring of innovation.

The first new product to be developed and introduced under Cook's reign is a
wearable device tethered to the iPhone that will combine health and fitness
tracking with communications.

Rival watch and wearable device makers are keeping a wary eye on Apple, which
up-ended the music industry and drove once-dominant phone makers like Blackberry
to the brink of extinction, and whose iPad helped shrink personal computer sales
for a time before they recently recovered.

It has an enviable track record when it comes to mobile hardware, though it
tends not to be the first to introduce a new-fangled product category. Rival
electronics giants such as Sony Corp, Samsung, LG Electronics Inc and Qualcomm
Inc have already launched smartwatches, albeit without much success.

The "Apple Watch" will come in three distinct collections, including a sport
edition and an upscale line coated in 18-karat gold.

"Compared to what's out there, it feels like it's very slender. I like the level
of elegance and the three different lines, which include sport and luxury," said
Angela Tafoya, at fashion blog Refinery29.

Bernstein Research analyst Toni Sacconaghi estimated on Tuesday that if Apple
were to sell 30 million watches at $250 each, it would add about $7.5 billion to
its revenue.

The pressure was on for the world's largest tech company to wow at its "special
event" in Cupertino. The prospect of the new watch attracted a broader swathe of
attendees than usual, with celebrities, fashion industry editors and even
healthcare executives rounding out the mostly tech-industry crowd.

On Tuesday, the company also took the wraps off a larger, 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and
5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus. They will support more than 200 telecoms carriers
worldwide, including all three in China - a key growth market for the company.

It also introduced a new mobile payments service dubbed "Apple Pay". Each phone
will come equipped with its new payments service, which launches in the United
States next month and allows users to pay for items in stores with their phones
instead of physically presenting their credit or debit cards.

The move gives Apple access to a trove of data on how consumers shop in brick
and mortar stores, where more than 90 percent of US retail sales are still
conducted.

Barclays Capital said in a Sept 5 note that the mobile payments feature would
give Apple "one of the largest sets of consumer transaction data in the US".

Each new iPhone will come with a "secure element" chip and a near-field
communications, or NFC, antenna.

In a rare move for the company, Apple had planned on livecasting its event
online, with a simultaneous translation in Chinese. But the livestream went down
for many users about a half-hour in, prompting many to take to Twitter to
express their frustrations.

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-president at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
and the iPhone 6 Plus during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino,
California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-President at Apple, Inc. speaks about the battery
life of the Iphone 5s, Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-President at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9,
2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

IPhone 6 Plus starts at $299 with a two-year contract. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks in front of a row of iPhones during an Apple event at
the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple Pay combines seamlessly integrated hardware, software, and services in a
way only Apple can. [Photo by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple unveils the Apple Watch, calling it the company's "next chapter". [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple unveils the Apple Watch, calling it the company's "next chapter". [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks about the Apple Watch during an Apple event at the
Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple unveils the Apple Watch, calling it the company's "next chapter". [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple Watch will start at $349, available early 2015. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              285 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            October 24, 2014 Friday

1,800 iPhone 6 off city shelves in 6 days;
Customers with new iPhone 6 phones as their Diwali purchases

BYLINE: Niyati Parikh-Deshpande

LENGTH: 188  words


Customers with new iPhone 6 phones as their Diwali purchases

Ahmedabad: City's Apple fans are going all out to ensure that they get iPhone 6
handsets as soon as possible. In just six days since it was officially launched
here, around 1800 handsets (both models) have been sold. Of these, 70 % are
iPhone 6 while the rest are iPhone 6 plus. Besides, around 200 bookings made
along with full payment in advance, are pending with retailers in the city.

Owner of Apple 'n' Berry, an iPhone retail shop in Ahmedabad said that they have
sold around 110 phones so far, out of which 50 were sold on the first day
itself.

City-based retailer Raj Panjri said, "We have sold around 70 handsets (both
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus). Both the phones are available in variants of 16, 64
and 128 GB. There is a huge demand for this new Apple device as we have a
booking of around 250 handsets so far, on full advance payment."

When asked which model is most in demand, Panjri said, "The iPhone 6 plus 128GB
is the most sold/ booked model so far, despite being the most expensive in the
range at Rs80,500."

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2014 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              286 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           September 15, 2014 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Dial down impatience for iPhone 6;
Expect long lines, waits for Apple's latest product

BYLINE: Jefferson Graham, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 323 words


Hoping to snag a new iPhone Friday?

Get ready to either stand in a long line or wait until late September or early
October.

Pre-orders for the new Apple iPhone 6 and larger iPhone 6 Plus began Friday and
many outlets sold out quickly.

The 6 Plus, Apple's largest iPhone to date with a 5.5-inch screen, is totally
gone: Apple says online orders will be fulfilled within three to four weeks.

The iPhone 6, boasting a 4.7-inch screen, up from the iPhone 5s's 4-inch LCD, is
mostly sold out on pre-orders at various outlets, with sporadic availability as
of Sunday. Verizon Wireless still had models, but T-Mobile and Sprint were sold
out. AT&T had the gold iPhone 6 available.

Your only option if you want the new phone Friday: Put in the time at Apple
stores, wireless carriers or retailers who carry the iPhone, such as Walmart,
Target and Best Buy.

"There are going to be ridiculously huge lines," says Tim Bajarin, an analyst
with Creative Strategies. "Demand for iPhone 6 is so high."

Despite the pre-order frenzy, stores will have phones for the weekend. But they
are expected to sell out quickly due to three factors:

Immense interest in the new iPhone from Apple customers with older iPhones.
Bajarin estimates a pool of 100 million people have been waiting to upgrade from
the iPhone 5 and earlier models.

Apple's traditional manufacturing supply constraints getting tens of millions of
new devices off the assembly line in the first weeks of a launch.

Fewer international countries -- just 10 -- will have the iPhone available
Friday than last time. Notable omissions include China, Russia, Spain, Italy and
New Zealand. More countries get the new iPhones on Sept. 26.

If you're planning to wait in line, here's a tip:

Richard Doherty, an Envisioneering Group analyst, says it's not a given that
Apple Stores will get most of phones. He suggests seeking a local Walmart that's
open 24 hours: "At least you don't have to stand out in the rain."

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2014 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              287 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

iPhone buyers face up to four-week delay; Record number of pre-orders for iPhone
6 Plus

BYLINE: Tim Higgins and Doni Bloomfield, Bloomberg

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 454 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Apple Inc.'s new iPhones will take as many as four weeks to ship, a sign that
early demand for the smartphones is outstripping supply.

The iPhone 6 Plus, which has a larger display, will take three to four weeks for
shoppers who pre-ordered online as of Friday, according to Apple's website, as
people rushed to buy the smartphones hours after the company began taking
pre-orders. Certain models of the iPhone 6, which has a slightly smaller screen,
will take seven to 10 business days to arrive, though some versions are still
available for delivery on Sept. 19, when the devices are set to officially go on
sale in stores.

"Response to iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus has been incredible, with a record
number of preorders overnight," Trudy Muller, a spokeswoman with Cupertino,
Calif.-based Apple, said Friday. Apple CEO Tim Cook is counting on the new
devices to usher in demand for other products he introduced this week, from the
iPhone-compatible Apple Watch to the credit card-substituting Apple Pay service.

Demand for the latest iPhone is the greatest AT&;T Inc. has seen in two years,
Ralph de la Vega, CEO of its mobile division, said Friday at a Goldman Sachs
media conference.

This isn't the first time Apple and phone carriers have seen iPhone models
delayed well before they were available in stores. In 2012, the iPhone 5 was
delayed for shipment by a week after a rush of orders, and in 2011 the iPhone 4S
sold out at AT&;T, Verizon Wireless, and Sprint Nextel Corp. only five days
after pre-orders began.

The iPhone 6 has a 4.7-inch display and the iPhone 6 Plus has a 5.5-inch one,
while the previous iPhones have a four-inch screen. Customers took to Twitter to
complain of difficulties loading Apple's website to place pre-orders early
Friday morning.

While the company normally doesn't disclose figures for its production runs of
new products, it typically has a supply of its new devices in stores on the
first day. Carriers, which typically offer deals when a new iPhone comes out
aiming to capitalize on sales of the device to lure more data-hungry smartphone
users and bolster their market share, are again offering incentives that may be
bolstering interest.

The iPhone remains the most important piece of Apple's business. The handset
accounted for about half of Apple's $171 billion in revenue in its last fiscal
year, and with sales of the iPad slowing, the company needs to keep the iPhone a
blockbuster to maintain growth.

The handsets will initially be available in a limited set of markets - including
Canada - for shipping on Sept. 19. China, one of Apple's biggest markets, won't
get the new devices at first, though the company said it plans to have the
devices in 150 countries by the end of the year.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Oli Scarff, Getty Images; Shoppers camped outside the Apple Store on
Regent Street in London, England to be the first to purchase the forthcoming '
iPhone 6' mobile phone which is due to be released on Sept. 19.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Leader-Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              288 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                    September 18, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6 to take longer to land in India, might miss the Diwali sale
season

LENGTH: 201  words


It might come as a disappointment to those awaiting the launch of the Apple
Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus in India, that Apple could have pushed the launch
date of its new generation iPhone to November. Apple first flashed September 26
as the launch date of its new gen iPhones in India, however soon postponed it to
October 17, which was the Friday before Diwali. A few days later, the company
pulled even that information from its website, which left us speculating the
date of launch of the new iPhones.

Now, Indian Express is reporting that the company might even miss Diwali launch
of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, and further push the launch to mid November in
India.

Apple has already received record-breaking pre-orders for its new iPhones, and
due to the excessive demand has stretched the delivery period of these
pre-orders till October. In such a case, it could be difficult for the company
to set a time frame for the launch of its new iPhones in India. Currently, there
is no information on the Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus launch date on its
India website.

The report also adds that these iPhones could be launched at price ranging from
INR 55,000 to INR 60,000, though nothing is confirmed as yet.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              289 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     February 3, 2016 Wednesday 6:32 PM GMT

Apple's iPhone 7 will correct two of the iPhone 6's most irritating design
flaws;
Will Apple correct these two annoying design flaws that have been driving iPhone
6 and 6s owners to despair?

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 481 words


Apple's forthcoming iPhone 7 will correct two of the iPhone 6's most irritating
design flaws, according to a new report.

When Apple first unveiled the iPhone 6 in 2014, some customers complained that
the camera lens, which sticks out from the back of the device by around a
millimeter, prevented the device from lying flat on a table.

Apple claimed that the protruding camera was a necessary trade-off, allowing
Jony Ive's team of designers to cram advanced optics into the iPhone 6, making
it the "best smartphone camera ever".

As a result, the same design flaw was carried over to the iPhone 6s, which
launched in 2015.

But now MacRumors is reporting that the camera on the upcoming iPhone 7 will sit
flush with the rear casing thanks to a thinner camera module, citing "a source
who has provided reliable information in the past".

This means there will no longer be a camera "bump" on the back of the device.

Have your say in the comments section below

Recent rumours suggest that Apple is planning to equip the 5.5-inch iPhone 7
Plus with a dual-lens rear camera, while the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 will include a
more traditional camera.

MacRumours also reports that, for the iPhone 7, Apple is planning to remove the
white plastic bands across the back of the the current generation of iPhones,
reinforcing previous rumours.

Some customers complain that these white bands ruin the aesthetics of the iPhone
, which is otherwise entirely encased in aluminium and glass.

However, they are necessary because radio waves struggle to penetrate metal, so
the plastic strips allow mobile signals to reach the antennas.

Read more: iPhone camera tips and tricks: how to take beautiful photos with your
iPhone 6s

The rumoured removal of these bands suggests that the body of the next iPhone
may not be made from metal at all, but some other kind of material.

The iPhone 7 is not expected to be unveiled until September 2016, but there are
already plenty of rumours that give hints about what Apple is planning.

Other rumours suggest that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof and dustproof, and
feature a higher resolution display, faster processor, and wireless charging.

It has also been suggested that Apple might ditch both the 3.5mm headphone jack
and the iconic Home button, to make more room inside for a bigger battery, while
keeping the device as slim as possible.

Losing the headphone jack would be a particularly contentious move, as it would
force users to abandon potentially expensive headphones in favour of those with
an Apple-approved Lightning connector.

Read more: Latest release date, news and price rumours on Apple's iPhone 7

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

Life hacks for your iPhone

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              290 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            China Daily - US Edition

                            October 20, 2014 Monday

Fans out in full force to welcome Apple's latest

LENGTH: 704  words


After a month of waiting, US tech giant Apple Inc' latest iPhones have finally
arrived on the Chinese mainland.

After a month of waiting, US tech giant Apple Inc' latest iPhones have finally
arrived on the Chinese mainland.

Originally released in the US and other select markets in late September, the
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus mark the fourth official iPhone release on the mainland
since the iPhone 4.

On Friday morning, around 100 excited Apple aficionados were queuing outside the
company's flagship Beijing store in Sanlitun as its doors opened. Most had
ordered online and were there in person to enjoy the handover.

"I came all the way from Shijiazhuang (in Hebei province, around 260 km
southwest of Beijing) to pick up the phone," said one retailer surnamed Song.

"I bought an iPhone 6 and a 6 Plus. They are gifts to my wife. I got two, so she
can choose."

Chinese media reports said there had been customers waiting in line overnight in
Taiyuan, Shanxi province, and China News Service said many eager customers had
been seen waiting outside China United Network Communications Group Co Ltd
(China Unicom) stores across the country for the midnight release of the iPhone.

China Unicom even posted images of people waiting through the night on their
official Sina Weibo, the Twitter-like micro-blogging service.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus sold over 10 million units in their first weekend sale
in September.

Describing himself as an Apple "super fan", Liu Yi has queued up for every
first-day iPhone release since the product was launched in China.

He arrived at the Sanlitun store at around 7:50 am, but despite others being
ahead of him in the queue they had not registered and he was rewarded with being
the first buyer in the area to receive an iPhone 6.

"I come to the stores on launch day because I enjoy the festive atmosphere," he
said.

A recent graduate surnamed Tong, who was also at the scene but not in line, said
he was there just to enjoy the party atmosphere.

"I am here to join in the fun," said Tong, admitting that the only Apple product
he owns is a second-generation iPad.

"I have been a fan of Apple products for a long time and I frequently visit the
store - I just like the feel of the place."

Friday's Beijing launch was certainly a smoother and better affair than previous
years. During the launch of the iPhone 4s in 2012, for instance, fighting broke
out among scalpers and customers due to the high demand for the iPhone.

Despite launching a month later on the mainland, and the smaller crowds waiting
outside its stores than previous years, Canalys analyst Wang Jingwen said Apple
products are still as popular as ever in China.

"Consumers have learned different ways to purchase their Apple products, from
ordering online to ordering from retailers and carriers," said Wang. "Apple has
also put out information on where consumers can buy their iPhones."

Film industry worker Wang Kelu had ordered three iPhones online and arrived,
like many others, on Friday morning to pick them up in person.

"I also came to buy phones for my friends. I wanted other iPhone 6 Pluses, but
they didn't have any left so I guess I'll come back again tomorrow."

Apple's Friday launch came hot on the heels of a company product announcement on
Thursday in California which revealed new upgrades for the iPad Mini 3, iPad Air
2 and OSX Yosemite, as well as a software update for the Mac operating system.

Wang said that the arrival of the iPhone 6 Plus may hit iPad sales, given the
former's screen size is already close in size to a small tablet.

"Right now there are a lot of what we call phablets on the market in China, made
by domestic and foreign companies, such as Samsung and LG," said Wang.

"At 5.5 inches, the 6 Plus might turn away consumers from new tablet devices,
not just in China but everywhere."

"That said, right now there really isn't a competitor on the market to match the
iPhone 6 Plus."

Prices for the iPhone 6 start at 5,288 yuan ($860), and for the iPhone 6 Plus at
6,088 yuan.

Liu Zheng contributed to this story.

Customers who had placed online orders for the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus waiting
in line outside the Apple store in Sanlitun, Beijing on Friday. Feng Yongbin /
China Daily

(China Daily USA 10/20/2014 page14)

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1496


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              291 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           October 18, 2014 Saturday

Fans out in full force to welcome Apple's latest

BYLINE: Eric Jou

LENGTH: 703  words


After a month of waiting, US tech giant Apple Inc' latest iPhones have finally
arrived on the Chinese mainland.

After a month of waiting, US tech giant Apple Inc' latest iPhones have finally
arrived on the Chinese mainland.

Originally released in the US and other select markets in late September, the
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus mark the fourth official iPhone release on the mainland
since the iPhone 4.

On Friday morning, around 100 excited Apple aficionados were queuing outside the
company's flagship Beijing store in Sanlitun as its doors opened. Most had
ordered online and were there in person to enjoy the handover.

"I came all the way from Shijiazhuang (in Hebei province, around 260 km
southwest of Beijing) to pick up the phone," said one retailer surnamed Song.

"I bought an iPhone 6 and a 6 Plus. They are gifts to my wife. I got two, so she
can choose."

Chinese media reports said there had been customers waiting in line overnight in
Taiyuan, Shanxi province, and China News Service said many eager customers had
been seen waiting outside China United Network Communications Group Co Ltd
(China Unicom) stores across the country for the midnight release of the iPhone.

China Unicom even posted images of people waiting through the night on their
official Sina Weibo, the Twitter-like micro-blogging service.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus sold over 10 million units in their first weekend sale
in September.

Describing himself as an Apple "super fan", Liu Yi has queued up for every
first-day iPhone release since the product was launched in China.

He arrived at the Sanlitun store at around 7:50 am, but despite others being
ahead of him in the queue they had not registered and he was rewarded with being
the first buyer in the area to receive an iPhone 6.

"I come to the stores on launch day because I enjoy the festive atmosphere," he
said.

A recent graduate surnamed Tong, who was also at the scene but not in line, said
he was there just to enjoy the party atmosphere.

"I am here to join in the fun," said Tong, admitting that the only Apple product
he owns is a second-generation iPad.

"I have been a fan of Apple products for a long time and I frequently visit the
store - I just like the feel of the place."

Friday's Beijing launch was certainly a smoother and better affair than previous
years. During the launch of the iPhone 4s in 2012, for instance, fighting broke
out among scalpers and customers due to the high demand for the iPhone.

Despite launching a month later on the mainland, and the smaller crowds waiting
outside its stores than previous years, Canalys analyst Wang Jingwen said Apple
products are still as popular as ever in China.

"Consumers have learned different ways to purchase their Apple products, from
ordering online to ordering from retailers and carriers," said Wang. "Apple has
also put out information on where consumers can buy their iPhones."

Film industry worker Wang Kelu had ordered three iPhones online and arrived,
like many others, on Friday morning to pick them up in person.

"I also came to buy phones for my friends. I wanted other iPhone 6 Pluses, but
they didn't have any left so I guess I'll come back again tomorrow."

Apple's Friday launch came hot on the heels of a company product announcement on
Thursday in California which revealed new upgrades for the iPad Mini 3, iPad Air
2 and OSX Yosemite, as well as a software update for the Mac operating system.

Wang said that the arrival of the iPhone 6 Plus may hit iPad sales, given the
former's screen size is already close in size to a small tablet.

"Right now there are a lot of what we call phablets on the market in China, made
by domestic and foreign companies, such as Samsung and LG," said Wang.

"At 5.5 inches, the 6 Plus might turn away consumers from new tablet devices,
not just in China but everywhere."

"That said, right now there really isn't a competitor on the market to match the
iPhone 6 Plus."

Prices for the iPhone 6 start at 5,288 yuan ($860), and for the iPhone 6 Plus at
6,088 yuan.

Liu Zheng contributed to this story.

Customers who had placed online orders for the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus waiting
in line outside the Apple store in Sanlitun, Beijing on Friday. Feng Yongbin /
China Daily

(China Daily 10/18/2014 page7)

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              292 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 22, 2014 Friday 1:00 PM GMT

Latest iPhone 6 rumours: Leaked pictures and details of features, release date
and battery life;
A leak from inside the Chinese factory assembling the iPhone 6 has revealed
loads of new details about Apple's next generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Mikey Smith

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 757 words


Every day, new details about the iPhone 6 find their way onto the internet.

Today, pictures were leaked claiming to be from inside the Chinese factory
assembling the iPhone 6, showing detailed measurements, schematics and behind
the scenes information.

This week we've seen some of the most detailed images yet of both the 4.7" and
5.5" versions of the Apple's next generation smartphone.

So as the tech giant's biggest launch of the year draws near, here's a roundup
of everything we know - and think we know - so far.Will there be more than one
iPhone model?

We're expecting Apple to release two models of iPhone 6 with 4.7" and 5.5"
screen sizes - though it's not certain they'll both be released at the same
time.

Pictures apparently leaked to French website Igen from within the Chinese
factory assembling the iPhone 6, show detailed measurements and specifications
of two distinct models - with the iPhone 5s included for comparison.

There's been talk of a delay between the two versions - either because of delays
in the supply chain, or as a deliberate move to prevent competition between the
devices when they hit stores.

There'll be the usual storage capacity and colour option. While it's thought the
space gray/black and white/silver colourways will remain, the fate of the gold
version isn't certain.

There's also speculation that the super-strong sapphire crystal display will be
reserved for a premium, more expensive model.

What size iPhone 6 would you buy?  When will it come out?

We're expecting an announcement event on September 9th, with iPhones hitting
stores soon - perhaps as soon as a week or two after. Though initial estimates
suggested the release date wouldn't be until mid-October.

If the rumours of a staggered release for the two models are correct, we can
expect to see the larger version about a month later.What will the new iPhone
look like?

feld volk 2

The iPhone 6 is expected to have a more rounded body than the 5S - with a design
that harks back to the original first-generation iPhone.

An alleged schematic leaked today suggested the new phone will be 7mm thick -
and the 4.7" model has a codename of N56.What new features are we expecting?

The  iPhone  6 will feature a new super-fast WiFi chip and an improved Touch ID
fingerprint sensor, according to reports.

It will also feature  Apple's  next generation A8 processor, which should give
the  smartphone  a huge performance boost, according to tech website Venture
Beat

Apple's new device is also expected to have a vastly improved camera, with a
13-megapixel sensor provided by  Sony  .

There's also speculation that the phone's new Lightning connector cable will
work either way up - at both ends.

The iPhone 5's cable was Apple's first charging cable that would work regardless
of which way round you put it in - and it's thought they've come up with a
solution for how to make the USB end reversible too.

The new screen - on the 4.7" version, at leasty - is thought to have a higher
resolution than previous models.

The Retina screen on the current iPhone 5S has a density of 10.5 pixels per mm.
The 1704x960 display suggested by Feld & Volk would be a much sharper 16 pixels
per mm.

feld volk iphoneWill the battery life be better?

Photos have emerged purporting to show the new iPhone's batteries.

The leaked pictures show batteries with whopping 1810 and 2915mAh capacities.
That's much bigger than the current iPhone 5S battery, which is just
1560mAh.Will it have Sapphire glass?

The inclusion of Sapphire glass on the iPhone 6 has been the subject of
speculation ever since a video purporting to be the phone's screen appeared on
YouTube.

leaked iphone display

Analysts have inspected Apple's supply chain and say it's unlikely that all of
the phone's unprecedented production run will feature the near-indestructible
crystal displays.

Would you be put off buying an iPhone 6 if it didn't have sapphire glass?How
much will it cost?

Apple's pricing is usually kept fairly well under wraps - you can never tell
when they're going to pull a surprise price drop.

But if we base it on last year's pricing, the model with the smallest capacity
(16GB for the 5S) will cost £549, the next up (32GB) £629 and the biggest
storage (64GB) £709.

If Apple upgrade the maximum storage to 128GB as is rumoured, it's likely
they'll make the minimum amount 32GB.

That's all based on the current screen size - we're expecting the price to shoot
up for the 5.5" version, perhaps even more for the "premium" version with
Sapphire glass.

Will you get the iPhone on launch day?

iphone 6 rumors

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              293 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday
                              Australian3 Edition

Size counts: iPhone back in the fight

BYLINE: Chris Griffith, Review

SECTION: THENATION; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 400  words


APPLE'S two new iPhones are well crafted and delightfully thin, and their bigger
screen sizes and modern looks put them back in the fight against the
ever-improving Android opposition.

That's my view having spent a week with the larger iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.
It was obviously a difficult move for Apple to upsize its phones and screens. In
2007 when the original iPhone came out, the screen was 3.5 inches and crept up
only half an inch over six years.

But Apple finally relented to the popularity of larger phones by launching an
iPhone 6 model with a 4.7-inch screen, along with a very big iPhone 6 Plus
"phablet" that takes on characteristics of a phone and small tablet.

After using both, my view is that traditional iPhone users will have no trouble
adapting to the moderately larger iPhone 6. It's 0.7mm thinner than its
predecessor, the iPhone 5S, and just 17g heavier. It's light to hold and light
in the pocket.

If your main actions are calling, emailing, SMS, calendars and messaging, you'd
want the iPhone 6. But if you're into watching or shooting video, or mobile
gaming, or need a phone with a little extra battery life, the 6 Plus is the go.

It has a higher resolution screen and lets apps display in both portrait and
landscape orientations as they would on an iPad. It also boasts extended
features such as optical image stabilisation. The 6 Plus camera lens is
supported by small springs that smooth out jolting action while shooting video
on the go.

The back-facing cameras on both models offer more functions, such as
super-slow-motion video capture at 240 frames per second, and shooting
time-lapse video.

The addition of a near-field communication chip and "secure element" on both
handsets readies them for Apple Pay. Soon, you will be able to pay at shops by
waving your phone in front of a scanner. Apple Pay is tipped to launch here next
year. Apple also has debuted a new Health app that will collate activity and
health monitoring from a mountain of fitness devices. It's set up to track
almost 70 health attributes.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus definitely lack some of the advanced features of newer
Android phones, such as Quad HD displays and 4K video shooting. The iPhone also
isn't waterproof.But with an iPhone, you'll continue to enjoy Apple's extensive
ecosystem of apps, and soon Apple Pay, health monitoring and home automation
management. You are a member of Club Apple.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              294 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday
                               Australian Edition

Size counts: iPhone back in the fight

BYLINE: Chris Griffith, Review

SECTION: THENATION; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 400  words


APPLE'S two new iPhones are well crafted and delightfully thin, and their bigger
screen sizes and modern looks put them back in the fight against the
ever-improving Android opposition.

That's my view having spent a week with the larger iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.
It was obviously a difficult move for Apple to upsize its phones and screens. In
2007 when the original iPhone came out, the screen was 3.5 inches and crept up
only half an inch over six years.

But Apple finally relented to the popularity of larger phones by launching an
iPhone 6 model with a 4.7-inch screen, along with a very big iPhone 6 Plus
"phablet" that takes on characteristics of a phone and small tablet.

After using both, my view is that traditional iPhone users will have no trouble
adapting to the moderately larger iPhone 6. It's 0.7mm thinner than its
predecessor, the iPhone 5S, and just 17g heavier. It's light to hold and light
in the pocket.

If your main actions are calling, emailing, SMS, calendars and messaging, you'd
want the iPhone 6. But if you're into watching or shooting video, or mobile
gaming, or need a phone with a little extra battery life, the 6 Plus is the go.

It has a higher resolution screen and lets apps display in both portrait and
landscape orientations as they would on an iPad. It also boasts extended
features such as optical image stabilisation. The 6 Plus camera lens is
supported by small springs that smooth out jolting action while shooting video
on the go.

The back-facing cameras on both models offer more functions, such as
super-slow-motion video capture at 240 frames per second, and shooting
time-lapse video.

The addition of a near-field communication chip and "secure element" on both
handsets readies them for Apple Pay. Soon, you will be able to pay at shops by
waving your phone in front of a scanner. Apple Pay is tipped to launch here next
year. Apple also has debuted a new Health app that will collate activity and
health monitoring from a mountain of fitness devices. It's set up to track
almost 70 health attributes.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus definitely lack some of the advanced features of newer
Android phones, such as Quad HD displays and 4K video shooting. The iPhone also
isn't waterproof.But with an iPhone, you'll continue to enjoy Apple's extensive
ecosystem of apps, and soon Apple Pay, health monitoring and home automation
management. You are a member of Club Apple.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              295 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                       May 31, 2014 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6 To Launch On September 19!

BYLINE: Prasid Banerjee, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 252  words


The company launched the iPhone 5 on 20 September 2012, while the iPhone 5S was
launched on 21 September 2013.

Saturday, May 31, 2014: The next generation of the iPhone will reportedly be
launched in September this year. According to a report by German blog Apfel
Page, Germany's Deutsche Telekom has informed its customers that the probable
availability of the iPhone 6 will be on September 19. This is not the official
word from Apple. The company has remained tight lipped about the release date
for the iPhone 6.

The Cupertino, California based technology giant is expected to showcase the
next version of its mobile operating system, iOS 8, at the Worldwide Developer
Conference on 5 June in San Francisco. Not only is the company expected to
showcase the OS, Apple is also expected to disclose the public availability
dates for it.

The 19 September launch date for the iPhone 6 makes sense since Apple has been
launching devices around this time usually. The company launched the iPhone 5 on
20 September 2012, while the iPhone 5S was launched on 21 September 2013.

The iPhone 6 is expected to hold the next version of Apple's mobile processor
(the version succeeding the A7 seen in the iPhone 5S) along with a high
resolution Retina display. In addition, the company has been rumoured to be
working on a higher resolution for the iPhone 6 displays.

The iPhone 6 will be followed by the launch of the iPhablet, which will be
Apple's biggest device till date. The iPhablet will have a 13.2-cm (5.5-inch)
display.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              296 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               TODAY (Singapore)

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday
                                  APM Edition

New iPhones prove that big is beautiful

BYLINE: Hedirman Supian

SECTION: ITC; Technology; Pg. 48

LENGTH: 561 words



HIGHLIGHT: Larger displays provide a compelling reason to upgrade to Apple's
latest models


SINGAPORE - Apple has finally caved in to consumers clamouring for larger
screens with the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

The bigger displays are arguably the smartphones' most compelling new feature.
The 4.7-inch LCD display on the iPhone 6 and the 5.5-inch on the 6 Plus are
brighter and offer a much wider viewing angle than their predecessors.

The iPhone 6 Plus crams more pixels on its display, offering a higher resolution
along with a bigger screen.

Viewing videos captured at 60 frames per second on these devices is like peering
at an object out of a clear window.

With the iPhone 6 Plus' bigger display, however, using the gadget with one hand
can be a bit of a stretch.

I could reach and tap the bottom corners of the display with my thumb, but had
to balance the back of the smartphone precariously with my remaining fingers,
preventing me from keeping a sturdy grip on it.

With their smooth edges and curved bodies made of anodised aluminium and
stainless steel, both smartphones exemplify Apple's consistency in pushing the
boundaries of product design.

These are the thinnest smartphones that Apple has made, with their svelte curves
blending harmoniously with the bigger screens.

Apart from battery capacity and display size, both iPhones share almost the same
technical specifications. Both sport the newer A8 64-bit processor.

No details have been revealed about the A8's clock-speed.

A comparison of the performance of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus with smartphones from
the likes of Samsung or Microsoft is also difficult as the A8 runs a different
operating system, and cross-platform apps or games that push the performance of
processors are scarce.

The iPhones hardly lagged when I played graphics-intensive games or viewed
high-resolution videos. Just like the iPhone 5s, I've yet to come across an app
or game that pushes the 64-bit processor to its limit.

The main cameras on the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus come with a resolution of 8
megapixels each. Given their impressive array of camera features, iPhone users
may no longer need to rely on a dedicated point-and-shoot camera.

Despite having the same resolution as their predecessors, the new models produce
the most stunning photos and videos that I have seen on a smartphone.

Photos sport more accurate colours and better exposure. A built-in timelapse
feature is available for both the front and back cameras.

The iPhones also boast new fast-focusing features that are used in DSLRs. You
barely need to tap the screen to direct the focus on the camera as it
automatically and instantly does so when you point it at an object.

Both phones include an image stabilisation feature, which is useful for
low-light photography and making videos.

The 6 Plus has a slight edge in this area because its camera is also equipped
with optical image stabilisation - it makes constant adjustments to compensate
for a user's movements.

While there are a number of compelling reasons for users to upgrade to the
iPhone 6 or 6 Plus, the larger displays are the biggest reason - you wouldn't
want to go back to using a smaller iPhone after having your visual experience
enhanced by more screen real estate.

Prices for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus start at S$988 and can go up as high as
S$1,448 if you purchase one without a mobile subscription contract.

Both models will be available from all three major telcos in Singapore from
tomorrow.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 MediaCorp Press Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              297 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                    September 17, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

The iPhone 6 verdict: Initial reviews of Apple's latest launch from across the
world

LENGTH: 272  words


iPhone was launched this month at a show, where Apple announced two bigger
iPphone 6- the Iphone 6 with a 4.7 inch display screen and the Iphone 6 Plus
with a 5.5 inch display screen. Both were bigger from the earlier generation
iPhone 5S and 5C with 4 inch display screens.

While the bigger iPhone is an entry into the phablet segment, the iPhone seems
as a successor of the iPhone 5S with a bigger screen and better feature.

Today we bring you what the big tech portals are saying about the new iPhone 6.
But before we go into the details of how the International media has reviewed
it, let us look at its pros and cons first.


The Good                               The bad
Good built Great display which be      The screen could not survive an
better than the predecessors and       accidental drop from 5 feet height on
competitors. The camera is a much      concrete pavement. Camera protrudes
detailed one when you compare it to    out of the back surface at about a
the iPhone 5S camera. Great option for millimeter, which might bother few.
those who want to come to iOS          Battery life could have been better.
environment. Restricting NFC also has  Has restricted NFC for Apple Pay only,
a good aspect as now only Apple        restricting its use  in other tasks
approved apps or third-party apps will like transfer of content like images,
be allowed on Apple.                   videos.

iPhone 6 got a slight bump in display with a pixel resolution of 750 x 1334
pixels compared to iPhone 5S with 640 x 1136 pixels. How is the new display
quality of the new iPhone 6 different from the iPhone 5S? In next page read what
Walt Mossberg and David Pogue has to say about the display and form factor of
the new phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              298 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             March 22, 2016 Tuesday

Apple iPhone SE vs 5S vs 6 vs 6S: All you need to know

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 344 words


NEW DELHI: The 4-inch. Targeted to consumers who prefer to use a smaller
smartphone, the new iPhone is bit of the older 6 and 6S models in the body of
the 5S. It will come in Rose Gold, Gold, Silver and Gray colour options. Running
iOS 9.3, the iPhone SE has Touch ID but doesn't feature 3D Touch.

The iPhone SE is expected to be available in India for a starting price of Rs
30,000 for the 16GB version. So, here is a quick comparison among the base
version of the new SE, 6, 6S and 5S. SizeiPhone SE: 4.87 x 2.31 x 0.30 inches,
113 gramsiPhone 5S: 4.87 x 2.31 x 0.30 inches, 112 gramsiPhone 6: 5.44 x 2.64 x
0.27 inches, 129 gramsiPhone 6S: 5.44 x 2.64 x 0.28 inches, 143 grams The new
iPhone SE looks very similar to the older iPhone 5S and measures exactly the
same. Display iPhone SE: 4-inch LED-backlit IPS LCD, 640 x 1136 pixels, 326
ppiiPhone 5S: 4-inch LED-backlit IPS LCD, 640 x 1136 pixels, 326 ppiiPhone 6:
4.7-inch LED-backlit IPS LCD, 750 x 1334 pixels, 326 ppiiPhone 6S: 4.7-inch
LED-backlit IPS LCD, 750 x 1334 pixels, 326 ppiApple seems to have retained the
display of the iPhone 5S. There is no difference at all. CameraiPhone SE: 12MP,
f/2.2, 4K video, dual LED Flash | Front: 1.2MP, f2.2iPhone 5S: Rear- 8MP, f2.2,
1080p video | Front- 1.2MP, f2.4, 720p videoiPhone 6: Rear- 8MP, f2.2, focus
pixels, True Tone Flash, DIS | Front- 1.2MP, f2.2, 720p video iPhone 6S: Rear-
12MP, f2.0, focus pixels, dual LED Flash, 4K video | Front- 5MP, f2.0 aperture,
1080p video recording Compared to the iPhone 5S, the new SE version offers
better camera features. Processor iPhone SE: Apple A9 chip 64bit with M9 motion
co-processor, 2GB RAMiPhone 5S - Apple A7 - 64bit, 1GB RAMiPhone 6 - Apple A8,
64bit, 1GB RAM iPhone 6S - Apple A9, 64bit, 2GB RAMGoing by this, it seems the
iPhone SE packs the prowess of the flagship 6S version Battery4-inch iPhone SE-
1715 mAh4.7-inch iPhone 6 - 1810 mAh4.7-inch iPhone 6S - 1715 mAhThe iPhone
packs a bigger battery and claims to offer 13 hours of video playback on a
single charge.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              299 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                            February 28, 2014 Friday

6 things you should know about the iPhone 6

SECTION: RAIL VEHICLES AND TRACTION EQUIPMENT; Mobile Platforms and Integration

LENGTH: 282 words



HIGHLIGHT: The latest rumours and specs from Apple's next mobile flagship.


Another year, another iPhone. But with the competition pulling away, Apple must
innovate to keep up with better screens, larger phones, and more health related
features. Will the iPhone 6 be bigger than 5 inches? What processor will be
inside? And where will the home button go? Read on to examine the rumours
bouncing around the web about Apple's next iPhone, the iPhone 6.

Judging by the launch of the iPhone 5S and 5C in September 2013, an iPhone 6 is
likely to appear in September 2014. However, there have been rumours about the
release of a larger-screened iPhone, a model that can compete with the
ever-increasing size of competitor Android devices. We may see a 5-inch or
larger screened iPhone appear in the Summer.

Comments made by Apple CEO Tim Cook during a 2013 Q4 conference call appear to
support an Autumn iPhone 6 release date:

"You will see exciting new products from us in the fall and across 2014. I stand
by that and you've seen a lot of things over the last couple of months," Cook
said.

Other rumours allude to the iPhone 6 being released in June at the Worldwide
Developers' Conference, alongside iOS 8.

The company that provides materials for the sapphire screen display, which is
thought to be featured on the iPhone 6, said that it expects 2014 to be a
'transformational year'.

GT Advanced, which undertakes the production of sapphire materials, said: "Our
results for the December quarter were in line with our guidance and the
anticipated growth trajectory of our business remains unchanged. We expect to
return to profitability during the second half of 2014."

'Return of profitability during the second half of 2014' sounds a lot like the
iPhone 6 will be released then.

LOAD-DATE: March 03, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              300 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                           September 29, 2014 Monday
                              Buffalo News Edition

New iPhone 6 is a big step up

BYLINE: Troy Wolverton; San Jose Mercury News

SECTION: C,C; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 774 words


With its new iPhones, Apple added more than just bigger displays. But I suspect
those big screens will be more than enough to entice plenty of iPhone fans to
upgrade.

Apple began selling the new devices - the iPhone 6 and the jumbo-size iPhone 6
Plus - a little more than a week ago. I've been testing both and have liked what
I've seen so far. I've not had the phones long enough to test all their features
or Apple's claims about them, but I've used them long enough to get some strong
first impressions.

The most obvious difference between the new iPhones and their predecessors is,
of course, the size of their screens. The iPhone 6 has a 4.7-inch display, which
is about 38 percent larger than that in the iPhone 5s. The iPhone 6 Plus,
meanwhile, has a 5.5-inch display, which is about 88 percent bigger than last
year's model.

The new displays put the iPhones more or less in line with their Android rivals,
such as Samsung's Galaxy S5 and Galaxy Note 4, and allow them to much more
easily display text, photos and videos. Reading documents and emails on the new
models was a joy compared to reading them on my iPhone 5s.

Apple has tweaked iOS 8 to take advantage of the extra large screen on the 6
Plus. When users rotate the device so it's positioned horizontally, iOS will
rotate the home screen too. Inside particular apps, iOS will split the screen to
show more information. In the Mail app, for example, users can see both the list
of messages in their inbox and the full text of a particular message.These are
tricks Apple borrowed from the iPad, and they work well on the new phone.In
addition to their bigger screens, the new phones offer a revamped design, with
edges that curve right into the glass of their displays. And the new devices are
actually thinner than their predecessors, helping keep their overall size
down.I'm not a big fan of jumbo-size devices, so the iPhone 6 Plus still feels
too big in my hands. But thanks in part to its svelte shape, the regular iPhone
6 feels like it is just about the right size.The other significant advantage of
a larger phone is that it provides room for a higher capacity battery. Apple
claims that the iPhone 6 will provide up to 14 hours of talk time and the iPhone
6 Plus up to 24 hours, compared to just 10 hours on the iPhone 5s. I didn't get
a chance to verify those claims, but the iPhone 6 Plus did last through all my
tests without needing to recharge, despite not starting with a full battery.The
other big feature that sets the new models apart from their predecessors is the
ability to make wireless payments with the new Apple Pay service.

Borrowing yet another page from its Android rivals, Apple has included in the
new devices a near-field communications antenna, which is the standard method
for such payments. At special registers, users will be able to pay for items
with their credit or debit card accounts by merely pointing their phones at them
and touching the phone's fingerprint sensors.

Unfortunately, early adopters won't be able to use the new feature because Apple
isn't slated to turn on Apple Pay until sometime next month.

Apple has also upgraded the camera system on the new phones. One of their most
impressive features is a superfast new autofocus system. The camera appears to
take about half as much time to focus on subjects as that in the iPhone 5s and
can switch nearly instantaneously from macro to distance shots and back again.
The feature is particularly noticeable when shooting video, as it continuously
and quickly adjusts the focus without users needing to manually tap on the
screen.

The new phones will also shoot regular video at up to 60 frames per second and
slow-motion videos at up to 240 frames per second - up from 30 and 120 frames
per second, respectively, in the iPhone 5s - offering amazing new views of fast
action. Both also offer enhanced image stabilization, which is supposed to help
reduce jerkiness in videos and compensate for fast-moving subjects in pictures.
However, I wasn't able to tell much of a difference over last year's phone.

Many of the new phones' other features are less noticeable, but will likely
improve your experience with them. They have significantly faster processors and
support faster data rates over both Wi-Fi and cellular networks. They also
support Voice over LTE, a new standard for making voice calls that will finally
allow users of Verizon and Sprint iPhones to surf the Internet while talking on
the phone.

I liked what I saw of the new iPhones - particularly the regular iPhone 6. Big
screens may be old hat for Android users, but I think they're going to be a
welcome change for iPhone fans.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              301 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             coventrytelegraph.net

                    September 18, 2014 Thursday 5:35 PM GMT

Look: From 3 inches to 6 inches - the evolution of the iPhone;
On the eve of the iPhone 6 and 6+, we take a look at Apple's previous models

BYLINE: By James Rodger

LENGTH: 384 words


The brand new model from Apple hits stores worldwide tomorrow with an
unprecedented demand as the iPhone 6 and 6+ looks to set records.

Around an estimated 4 million people are said to have signed up to receive the
new model, which boasts increased battery life and productivity as well as an
enhanced camera and sleeker look.

The increase in screen size from 5 inches to 6.5 inches on the 6+ model has
raised eyebrows in some quarters, with some suggested that the smartphone is
becoming too similar to a tablet to truly succeed.

Whether that stunts the success of the iPhone 6 - which has already been lauded
as a huge step forward in Apple's technology - remains to be seen.

Upon the eve of the iPhone 6's release, we take a look back on the previous
models of the Apple iPhone. After all, everybody's got one, haven't they?
iPhone (First-gen)

Release date:June 2007

Original price:£365

Memory:4GB, 8GB or 16GB

Display:3.5 inch screen

Weight:135g

Camera:2 MP

Battery life:24 hours                        iPhone 3G

Release date:June 2009

Original price:£342

Memory:8GB or 16GB

Display:3.5 inch screen

Weight:133g

Camera:2 MP

Battery life:24 hours                        iPhone 4

Release date:June 2010

Original price:£480

Memory:16GB or 32GB

Display:3.5 inch screen

Weight:137g

Camera:5 MP

Battery life:40 hours                        iPhone 4S

Release date:October 2011

Original price:£499

Memory:32GB or 64GB

Display:3.5 inch screen

Weight:140g

Camera:8 MP

Battery life:40 hours                        iPhone 5

Release date:September 2012

Original price:£529

Memory:16GB, 32GB or 64GB

Display:4 inch screen

Weight:112g

Camera:8 MP

Battery life:40 hours                        iPhone 5C

Release date:September 2013

Original price:£469

Memory:8GB, 16GB or 32GB

Display:4 inch screen

Weight:132g

Camera:8 MP

Battery life:40 hours                        iPhone 5S

Release date:September 2013

Original price:£549

Memory:16GB, 32GB or 64GB

Display:4 inch screen

Weight:112g

Camera:8 MP

Battery life:40 hours                        iPhone 6

Release date:September 2014

Original price:£539

Memory:16GB, 64GB or 128GB

Display:4.7 inch screen

Weight:129g

Camera:8 MP

Battery life:50 hours                        iPhone 6+

Release date:September 2014

Original price:£619

Memory:16GB, 64GB or 128GB

Display:5.5 inch screen

Weight:172g

Camera:8 MP

Battery life:80 hours

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBET


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              302 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             coventrytelegraph.net

                    September 18, 2014 Thursday 5:35 PM GMT

Look: From 3 inches to 6 inches - the evolution of the iPhone;
On the eve of the iPhone 6 and 6+, we take a look at Apple's previous models

BYLINE: By James Rodger

LENGTH: 384 words


The brand new model from Apple hits stores worldwide tomorrow with an
unprecedented demand as the iPhone 6 and 6+ looks to set records.

Around an estimated 4 million people are said to have signed up to receive the
new model, which boasts increased battery life and productivity as well as an
enhanced camera and sleeker look.

The increase in screen size from 5 inches to 6.5 inches on the 6+ model has
raised eyebrows in some quarters, with some suggested that the smartphone is
becoming too similar to a tablet to truly succeed.

Whether that stunts the success of the iPhone 6 - which has already been lauded
as a huge step forward in Apple's technology - remains to be seen.

Upon the eve of the iPhone 6's release, we take a look back on the previous
models of the Apple iPhone. After all, everybody's got one, haven't they?
iPhone (First-gen)

Release date:June 2007

Original price:£365

Memory:4GB, 8GB or 16GB

Display:3.5 inch screen

Weight:135g

Camera:2 MP

Battery life:24 hours                        iPhone 3G

Release date:June 2009

Original price:£342

Memory:8GB or 16GB

Display:3.5 inch screen

Weight:133g

Camera:2 MP

Battery life:24 hours                        iPhone 4

Release date:June 2010

Original price:£480

Memory:16GB or 32GB

Display:3.5 inch screen

Weight:137g

Camera:5 MP

Battery life:40 hours                        iPhone 4S

Release date:October 2011

Original price:£499

Memory:32GB or 64GB

Display:3.5 inch screen

Weight:140g

Camera:8 MP

Battery life:40 hours                        iPhone 5

Release date:September 2012

Original price:£529

Memory:16GB, 32GB or 64GB

Display:4 inch screen

Weight:112g

Camera:8 MP

Battery life:40 hours                        iPhone 5C

Release date:September 2013

Original price:£469

Memory:8GB, 16GB or 32GB

Display:4 inch screen

Weight:132g

Camera:8 MP

Battery life:40 hours                        iPhone 5S

Release date:September 2013

Original price:£549

Memory:16GB, 32GB or 64GB

Display:4 inch screen

Weight:112g

Camera:8 MP

Battery life:40 hours                        iPhone 6

Release date:September 2014

Original price:£539

Memory:16GB, 64GB or 128GB

Display:4.7 inch screen

Weight:129g

Camera:8 MP

Battery life:50 hours                        iPhone 6+

Release date:September 2014

Original price:£619

Memory:16GB, 64GB or 128GB

Display:5.5 inch screen

Weight:172g

Camera:8 MP

Battery life:80 hours

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBET


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              303 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                    September 18, 2014 Thursday 8:41 PM GMT

Apple fans count down for iPhone 6

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 488 words


Thousands of Apple fans are entering the last hours o f holding vigil outside
the company's stores as they enter the final countdown until the new incarnation
of the iPhone is released.

Technology fans up and down the country have been camping out as they eagerly
await tomorrow's launch of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

The US company announced the new devices to much fanfare at a highly-anticipated
event in California last week, and customers will be able to buy them from Apple
stores from 8am.

Some fans were so keen to get their hands on the new iPhones they began camping
outside the Apple store in Regent Street, London on Monday.

Around 30 or so people set up camp outside the Apple store in London's Covent
Garden today, with tents, tables and chairs and even bottles of wine bearing
testimony to their dedication.

Among them was Lasse Maroen, who caught a three-hour flight from his home in
Bergen, Norway with friends from work to get the iPhone 6.

He said: "I have been here since this morning. We came here last year to get the
iPhone 5s. We had such a good time so we decided to go back this year."

Asked if he was a "technology geek", he said: "I have been known to buy the new
iPhones on the day they come out since the first one in 2007, so pretty much."

Mr Maroen said he planned to buy the handset outright. The iPhone 6 is expected
to start at £539, and the 6 Plus at £619.

He said: "I read a lot of iPhone blogs and news sites, and because I watched the
keynote presentation a few weeks ago, and there had been rumours about the
launch being this day, so we had planned on going here for quite some time."

Mr Maroen praised the way Apple co-founder and chairman Steve Jobs had changed
the face of the company.

He said: "I think there are many geniuses (at Apple), but you can't come away
from the fact that Steve Jobs transformed Apple from almost bankrupt in 1997 to
being the biggest company in the world."

On Monday Apple announced a record number of first day pre-orders of the two
handsets, with over four million in the first 24 hours.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available in the 10 countries from
tomorrow, including the UK, the US, Australia and Singapore, and a further 20
next Friday.

Both handsets will be available in new sizes for the first time, with the iPhone
6 offering a 4.7-inch screen, while the 6 Plus boasts the biggest screen Apple
has ever produced for a smartphone at 5.5 inches.

Network operator EE has also said it will ensure that customers who had
pre-ordered new handsets through Phones 4u, which went into administration on
Sunday, would still be able to get them in its stores.

A spokesman said: "All across the country we have set aside iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus handsets, enough for Phones 4u customers who pre-ordered iPhones on EE
through Phones 4u.

"If they go into EE stores and show their pre-order receipts they will be able
to claim one of the devices."

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2014 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              304 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                               HeraldSun Edition

Apple fans bitten

BYLINE: ANDREW JEFFERSON AND ROD CHESTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 763  words


AUSTRALIANS will pay 20 per cent more than customers in the US when the iPhone 6
is released next week.

Apple yesterday unveiled two big-screen iPhones to tackle the threat from
so-called "phablets", as well as a tap-and-touch payment system and a wearable
Apple Watch.

The 12cm iPhone 6 and the 14cm iPhone 6 Plus both have Near Field Communication,
or NFC, a wireless communication system some Android phones embraced years ago
that enables tap-and-touch payments at check-outs.

Apple hopes deals it has made with American Express, Visa and MasterCard, major
US banks and a string of retailers will be enough for Apple Pay to take off. The
payment system begins in the US in October, but there are no details on its
Australian introduction.

The new iPhone range goes on sale here from September 19 but Australians will be
slugged. Prices for the iPhone 6 start at $869 compared with $US649 ($707) in
the US.

The iPhone 6 Plus will retail from $999 here and $US749 ($816) in the US.
Australian customers can pre-order the new phones from tomorrow. After years of
rumours, the Apple Watch was also unveiled. It has.a 38mm or 42mm watch face and
three models, all with interchangeable bands.

Apple said that when paired with at least an iPhone 5, it would let people shop
with Apple Pay using their watch.

While an Australian price has not been announced, it will retail in the US from
$US349.

Australian retailers are already preparing for a battle over the new iPhone
range.

Optus fired the first shots on Sunday when it revealed people who abandon their
existing contracts with rival companies would be given $200 credit to offset
cancellation charges if they move to a 24-month Optus plan.

Telstra customers who bought an iPhone5s last September on a two-year contract
wishing to upgrade are likely to be hit with a $500 termination fee. Consumer
group Choice spokesman Tom Godfrey said: "Apple needs to justify why it
continues to take larger bites out of Aussie wallets."
andrew.jefferson@news.com.au

5 THINGS APPLE DIDN'T TELL US APPLE has revealed plenty of new details about the
new iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple Watch, but some questions remain
unanswered.

Here are five things we learnt at the launch - and five things we didn't. WHAT
WE DON'T KNOW * The Apple Watch has a battery that recharges at night by
touching a magnet to the back of it. Just how often it will need recharging is
anybody's guess. Our guess is every night.

* When does the Apple Watch come to Australia? It will be after Christmas but
how about early January?

Nothing says Australia Day like a new smartwatch - perhaps with a
esky-and-thongs app.

* What will Apple Pay mean to Australians?

Apple has announced a bunch of US retailers and banks but no details of when it
will come to Australia and how it will work.

* Is an eight-megapixel camera the ultimate in an iPhone camera? While the
iPhone 6 Plus in particular has some great new features, including a super
slow-mo rate and optical image stabilising, Apple is continuing to stick with an
eight-megapixel camera. As Apple would say, it's not the size of your
megapixels, it's how you use them.

* While we were given stats on battery usage, one thing you can never learn in a
product launch is what battery use is like in real-world examples. The iPhone 6
and 6 Plus were said to have a battery life equal to if not better than the
iPhone 5S. Is that going to be good enough? WHAT WE KNOW * Apple plans to
replace your wallet with your smartphone, in the shape of the iPhone 6 and 6
Plus. A lot of people have that plan but analysts are already saying that the
deals Apple has made with banks, credit cards and retailers like Disney could
make this dream come true.

* Both new iPhones will use the same charger as the iPhone 5 models. * Speaking
of the Apple Watch, the rumour that it would be called the iWatch was shot down.
Apparently there is no 'I' in watch, just like there is no 'I' in team. It does
come in two sizes and three models. No matter what Watch you get, they all have
interchangeable bands.

* On the topic of names, where did iPhone 6 Plus come from? Let's get ready for
the marketing campaign: Now iPhones come in Plus-sized models.

* Apple has embraced NFC (Near Field Communication) at last - not only in its
iPhones, but in its smartwatch.

If you're an Apple fan, you better brace yourself for some gentle ribbing from
your Android-loving mates welcoming you to 2010.

* U2 are very, very loud. Tim Cook is not scared to say "one more thing". Apple
can still keep very big secrets.And it doesn't need Steve Jobs to launch sexy
new products.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald Sun


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              305 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

Early reviews heap praise on bigger-screen iPhones

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 428 words


Agence France-Presse

SAN FRANCISCO

Early reviews of Apple iPhone 6 models to be released tomorrow sang the praises
of the large-screen handsets, proclaiming that bigger truly is better.

"The public asked for bigger and Apple delivered not only bigger but better,
too," tech news website Slash Gear said in its review.

"A stunning Retina HD display, blisteringly fast A8 processor, and class-leading
connectivity make these the best iPhones ever."

Mixed in with details about improvements to cameras and screens was advice that
would-be buyers inclined to use their smartphone just as a phone, should opt for
an iPhone 6 instead of its bigger-screened brother the iPhone 6 Plus.

"There are a couple of reasons why the Apple iPhone 6 Plus might also be too big
for me to purchase," Lauren Goode wrote in a review at Recode.net.

"But I have to admit it: I'm tempted. I really like this phone. And to people
who actually prefer huge smartphones: You are going to like this phone, too."

Reviewers said that while the iPhone 6 Plus was a weighty handful, Apple
tastefully modified the design to make it comfortable to hold and use.

TechCrunch referred to the iPhone 6 Plus as the "first truly well-designed big
smartphone".

New iPhone 6 models boost screen sizes in what some see as the company catching
up to a "phablet" trend combining features of smartphones and tablets.

Apple's main rival Samsung has long had a range of larger handsets and is due to
soon release a new Galaxy Note 4 "phablet".

The iPhone 6 has a 11.9-centimetre screen and the 6-Plus is 13.9 centimetres,
allowing Apple to adapt to consumers' apparent preference for bigger displays.

"Apple hasn't fumbled," David Pogue of Yahoo! Tech news said in a review.

"Its two new iPhones are excellent. Beautiful. State of the art. Worthy heirs to
the iPhone throne."

Some reviewers noted that the iPhone 6 Plus is pricier than rival phablets, and
that the latest Apple smartphones cost tidy sums if prices are not offset by
telecom firms in exchange for locking into service contracts.

Apple on Monday said it had received record pre-orders for its new iPhone
models, and that some customers will have to wait for the larger-screen versions
of the smartphones.

The tech giant said more than four million pre-orders were received in the 24
hours after the new devices went on sale.

Apple last Tuesday unveiled its first smartwatch and two large-screen versions
of the iPhone, in a move to recapture its role as a trend-setter.

Apple added in a new mobile wallet that will allow consumers to simply tap their
phones to pay retailers.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              306 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

iPhone 7 A silhouette into a faux future

LENGTH: 1403 words

DATELINE: Kathmandu


Kathmandu, Oct. 4 -- The release of Apple's latest iteration in the iPhone line
has been all the hype these last few weeks. There have been contrasting reviews
: some like the faster processor while others hate the removal of the headphone
jack. Some even complai

that Apple is playing catch-up with Android with features like water-resistance
and processor performance, but I think comparing iPhone to Android phones is
like comparing apples to oranges. Primarily

because, while both of them are smartphones, they fill totally different
spectrums of the smartphone industry. Android is more open to different kinds of
hardware, third-party apps and user tweaks while iPhones are limited to specific
hardware and the Apple eco-system. So, in my review today, we look at the iPhone
7, unadulterated.

With the iPhone 7, there are a lot of new features that Apple brings to their
line of flagship phones but there are a lot of compromises as well. The main
question here would be whether the compromises are worth the new features
implemented by Apple: currently the answer is no. The iPhone 7 still feels like
a prototype since a lot of its new features aren't really fleshed out and, for
it to actually find a ground, Apple needs to loosen up the noose a little bit.
But iPhones have always been trendsetters in the smartphone industry and it's
likely that most of the iPhone 7's features will bleed into other devices as
well (if Apple doesn't threaten to sue on patient claims).

At first blush, the iPhone 7 and the 7 Plus look exactly like the older iPhone 6
and 6s. The only distinguishing aesthetical change here would be the slightly
invisible antenna lines. On the older iPhones, the antenna lines were stark and
obvious; for the latest offering, Apple has tried to hide them by them bleeding
them into the edges of the phone. This makes for a more seamless design by Apple
but if you snap on a cover on top of the iPhone 7, it'll hardly be
distinguishable from the older iPhone 6. And much like the popularisation of the
rose gold colour by Apple on its iPhone 6 line, Apple has introduced the new jet
black colour for their iPhone 7 line as well. Although the jet black colour
looks polished and refined, it's a fingerprint magnet and is highly receptive to
scratches and dents which make the use of cover essential. The home button is
also not a physical button anymore and the elongated button reacts like a sensor
and works with the Taptic Engine to simulate a vibration jolt every time the

button is pressed. This feels like an unnecessary change since the tactile
physical button response of the older iPhone felt a lot better. Apple claims to
have made this decision to make the home button more customisable but since the
engine has not yet been adopted by most third-party app developers, it seems
redundant for now and even the Taptic response of the engine makes it feel like
the whole lower bottom of the iPhone 7 is a sending out a click response rather
than the button.

Performance wise, Apple new A10 Fusion processor works great. It outperforms
both the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge and the One Plus 3. It follows the same
architecture that Qualcomm has implemented on most of their recent processors,
the BIG.LITTLE technology that works for low performing cores for everyday
activities and high powered core for more CPU intensive tasks. The A10 Fusion
chip is a quad-core processor and utilised two high-powered cores and two
low-powered cores. This would mean that the iPhone 7 would perform faster than
the iPhone 6 line and achieves better performance at a lower power consumption.
But again, the performance does not increase by leaps and rather the performance
increment can be taken as a small step forward in comparison to the iPhone 6.
The higher powered cores don't kick in until the apps demand which would mean
that fluidity of the iPhone 7 would seem on par to that of the iPhone 6 during
daily use.

Apart from the performance increment, the iPhone 7 has a better camera and the
iPhone 7 Plus features a dual camera set-up. iPhone have always set the standard
in mobile photography and although other companies have been pushing for higher
megapixel sensors, none of them have been able to match the quality of photos
taken by an iPhone. Recently, though, Samsung S7 line has been able to produce
excellent quality photos and could take on the iPhone 6 in terms of picture
quality but matching Apple's image quality took Samsung years. With the iPhone
7, Apple has managed to improve image quality by implementing a faster f/1.8
lens but here too, the quality increment is nominal when compared to the older
iPhone 6. The iPhone 7 Plus does increase image quality drastically because of
the dual lens setup but Apple has disappointed me here too. While the pictures
the iPhone 7 takes are phenomenal, having access to two lenses would mean a host
of features but with the iPhone 7 Plus, it only amounts to a better zoom.
Optical zoom is good and all but looking at what other companies like Huawei
have managed to do with dual

lenses, the iPhone 7 Plus' zoom ability is just sad. Huawei's Honor 8 lets you
play with all kinds of optical effects like depth of field and focus
adjustments. Some companies with dual lens cameras even let you focus after the
shot has been taken. To me, the full capabilities of the dual lenses have not
been adopted by Apple and puts the dual lens setup of the iPhone 7 Plus to
shame.

Apart from the faster processor and the dual lens camera, the feature (or rather
the lack of) that has been turning heads is the removal of the 3.5mm analogue
headphone jack. Apple's always been confident about setting trends but the
removal of the headphone jack might not be a good thing. This severely limits
the number of ports on a portable device and having to use the
lightning-to-3.5mm converter is a hassle. They're small and you can lose they
easily. Apple seems to be hinting at a completely wireless ecosystem but that
too is not properly fleshed out on the iPhone 7 because it does not feature
wireless charging. Even the enhanced Bluetooth support of the iPhone 7 is locked
into Apple's ecosystem. The company's new flashy pairing support is only limited
to their W1 compatible audio products which means that every other audio system
will have to suffer through the same snags that Bluetooth pairing entails. This
is very disappointing because Apple is taking away an industry standard port
claiming to pave the way for newer technologies but locking this new technology
only to the Apple ecosystem and not across the whole board just beats the whole
purpose. I would have defended Apple in this regard claiming that since
everything is going digital, getting rid of the analogue 3.5mm jack is zeitgeist
but seeing as how Apple has made a conscious decision to lock their new
technology to the Apple ecosystem just seems underhanded and wrong.

So, considering all of these claims, investing on an iPhone 7, especially at
this point in time, is not a very good idea. The phone looks like the iPhone 6
with additional cables and converters plugged into it and it does not bring
drastic performance increments to actually make the jump from an iPhone 6 to the
7. The loss of the headphone jack is also a big problem at this point of time
and would only mean that you'd have to keep track on one more (Bluetooth
headsets) device to charge up. Also using Bluetooth instead to cabled headphones
would mean quicker battery drain. The shortcoming of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone
7 Plus are just too stark for me to recommend it right not. The retina display
of the iPhone also seems pointless today since almost all flagships by other
manufactures come with 2k or 4k display resolutions at a higher pixel per inch
ratio. Currently, the iPhone 7 doesn't bring much to the table and even the new
feature that they have introduced feel rudimentary and impish at this stage.
Maybe waiting for the next iteration in the iPhone line would be a better call.

If your technological devices are giving you a hard time or if you're just
curious about certain technological questions, please drop us an email at
technopolis.tkp@gmail.com and we'll try to answer your questions as best we can.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from EKantipur.com. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              307 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                           September 22, 2014 Monday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Apple sells over 10 million iPhones

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 395 words


In just three days, sales of the iPhone 6 and larger iPhone 6 Plus have set a
new record.

Apple on Monday announced that iPhone sales surpassed 10 million following the
first weekend of sales in 10 initial countries.

To put the figures into some sort of context, Samsung announced in May that it
had shipped 10 million Galaxy S 5 handsets globally, a month after its global
release.

However, shipping isn't the same as selling, and Apple is the only big
smartphone maker that is happy to publicly divulge sales figures.

Selling 10 million handsets in three days, despite the phone only being on sale
in 10 countries is a remarkable feat, and one that Apple is clearly very proud
of: "Sales for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus exceeded our expectations for the
launch weekend, and we couldn't be happier," said Tim Cook, Apple's CEO. "We
would like to thank all of our customers for making this our best launch ever,
shattering all previous sell-through records by a large margin. While our team
managed the manufacturing ramp better than ever before, we could have sold many
more iPhones with greater supply and we are working hard to fill orders as
quickly as possible."

Indeed as some publications reported, supplies of the larger iPhone 6 Plus were
constrained in the US, causing people who had queued for hours to walk away
empty-handed.

The new iPhone 6 and its phablet counterpart, the iPhone 6 Plus both boast the
biggest displays ever to feature on an Apple smartphone -- 4.7-inches and
5.5-inches, respectively. They are also the first iPhones to have health apps
baked into the operating system and to support mobile payments.

As well as making existing Apple fans very happy, the new, bigger phones appear
to be attracting the attention of Android smartphone owners too.

According to US smartphone trade-in website, Gazelle, Samsung handset trade-ins
jumped threefold following the announcement of the latest iPhones. It also
claimed in an email to BGR that one in three people who traded in an Android
handset said that they were planning to upgrade to an iPhone 6.

The iPhone 6 will be rolling out to consumers in Switzerland, Italy, New
Zealand, Sweden, Netherlands, Spain, Denmark, Ireland, Norway, Luxembourg,
Russia, Austria, Turkey, Finland, Taiwan, Belgium and Portugal on September 26
and, according to the company, by the end of 2014 will be on sale in 115
countries.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2014 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              308 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                    September 17, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

In Opening 24 Hours, Apple Sells Four Million iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus

BYLINE: Kamya Kandhari, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 284  words


The tech giant has confirmed that the demand has exceeded the initial planned
supply.

Wednesday, September 17, 2014: On its first day of sales of the new iPhones,
Apple announced that it has received over 4 million pre orders for the new
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. "Pre-orders for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus set a new
record for Apple, and we can't wait to get our best iPhones yet into the hands
of customers starting this Friday," Apple chief executive Tim Cook said in a
statement.

The tech giant has confirmed that the demand has exceeded the initial pre-order
supply, "Demand for the new iPhones exceeds the initial pre-order supply and
while a significant amount will be delivered to customers beginning on Friday
and throughout September, many iPhone pre-orders are scheduled to be delivered
in October," it mentioned in a statement.

Apple said that the customers may expect shortages or long lines at the retail
stores on Friday when the sale will begin. Sales are set to open at 8 am local
time in the US, Australia, France, Canada, Hong Kong, Germany, Japan, Singapore,
Britain and Puerto Rico.

If we go by old records, Apple received over two million preorders for iPhone 5
within initial 24 hours whereas for iPhone 5S and 5C, it managed to sell over 9
million units during the first weekend after they hit the store.

Apple reportedly has asked manufacturing partners to produce about 70 million to
80 million units of its larger screen iPhones by 30 December.

Apple iPhone 6 key specs include:

* Apple A8 processor

* 1.2-MP front shooter and 8-MP rear camera

* iOS 8.0 Operating system

* 11.94-cm (4.7-inch) screen with 750x1334 pixels resolution'

* 16GB internal storage

* Bluetooth v 4.00, GPS, WiFi, NFC

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              309 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                            July 29, 2015 Wednesday

Apple of our eye - Comparing different devices from the tech giant with friends
revealed the iPad mini 3 trumps the rest

LENGTH: 788  words


IOS devices: iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad mini 3, iPad Air 2.

I have had guests at my home all week and it has been something of a mini-Apple
event. I bought iPads for the two friends who already had an iPad mini each. I
gave them the latest iPad mini 3. With these we had over a dozen devices
together and I could not resist a photograph that included a MacBook, MacBook
Pro 13-inch (2012), MacBook Pro 13-inch (2010), two x iPad mini 2, 2 x iPad mini
3, iPad Air 2, 2 x iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and an Airport Extreme router under
the table. There was also an Apple TV behind me.

My friends were able to make direct comparisons with their old and new models,
reporting that the iPad mini 3 scrolled quicker and had much better battery
life. Reactions to Wi-Fi speeds were also better and I saw this with a
back-to-back comparison: two iPads, same web page. Both were also pleased with
the higher quality images they were now taking with the camera on the iPad mini
3.

An interesting point with both of these friends is that they use their iPads for
everything. One hardly ever touches a computer. The other has a MacBook Pro but
uses that only when absolutely necessary. This matched with comments made to me
elsewhere concerning some older users who claimed that using a PC made them
dizzy and so use their iPads constantly.

I did wonder if they needed special glasses to compensate for the extra distance
a computer screen is usually positioned, but this is academic and they are
"addicted" (as I was told) to the hand-held devices. Tablet computers are now
the new personal computers. Analysts may need to recognise that in the future
some users will never touch what we think of as a PC (Macs included).

I was also asked during the week about how the iPhone 6 Plus would fare as a
replacement for an iPhone and an iPad. That prompted me to take a side-by-side
photograph of current iOS devices. I tend to leave my iPad at home and make-do
with the smaller screens of the iPhones when out. I can work on the iPhone with
most applications, including those I write with, although columns of figures in
Apple's Numbers are not so easy to read on the iPhone 6. With news sites, I
prefer to use landscape mode as the characters are larger.

On the iPhone 6 Plus, the text, including Numbers, is only slightly larger.
Tentatively I would say it is possible to replace an iPhone and iPad with the
iPhone 6 Plus. But it depends on the type of work being done and how good the
user's eyes are. A smaller screen is bound to cause some strain if used to
excess. I often connect my iOS devices to the television: there is an adaptor
available, or I link via Apple TV. Being able to display the contents of an
iPhone on the large screen of a TV is a useful solution.

The screens of both current iPhones make reading text quite easy and the display
of images is good. I am using the camera of both iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus more
these days and often leave my DSLR camera at home. This week, I also tried some
macro photography using the lenses from Mobi-Lens, a former Kickstarter project.
While I tried the well-engineered olloclip lenses before (also a Kickstarter
project), these have the advantage that their construction allows them to be
used with iPads as well as the iPhones. I also tried them on a Samsung and a
Sony phone.

Last year I wrote that Microsoft had released a version of Office for the iPad
(and later iPhone), but it was not available in the iTunes app store for
Thailand. Official comments I managed to glean from Microsoft then told me it
was "unlikely to be made available any time soon". Almost a year later, Office
for the iPad is now in the iTunes App Store for Thailand. The components are
hefty apps and may take some time to download.

Apple released a flash Storage Firmware Update for the mid-2015 15-inch MacBook
Pro with Retina display last week. Apple said that the update addressed a
storage firmware issue that, in rare cases, could cause data corruption.

The Apple Watch caused much speculation before and since Apple's quarterly
financial results partly because Apple decided beforehand to lump the figures in
with the other sales that included iPods. With that section showing an increase
of about US$952 million (33 billion baht) in revenue over the previous report,
analysts thought they had the answer, but Apple's CFO Luca Maestri said not:
watch sales were offset by declining revenue from iPods and accessories so the
figures were still just guesses. Perhaps Rene Ritchie of iMore had it right when
he wrote that "the iWatch will be one of the dumbest media frenzies of 2015".

Graham K. Rogers of Mahidol University's Engineering Faculty has OS X flavoured
web pages at www.extensions.in.th/index4.html

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              310 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 1, 2014 Wednesday
                                Kolkata Edition

Premium Mobiles Galore, but iPhone may Win Hands Down

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 533 words


Apple's new devices -iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus -are expected to corner a chunk
of the premium market when they are introduced in India on the back of pent up
aspirational demand.The Cupertino-based company's new gadgets could beat back
competition from upcoming launches by leading brands such as Samsung, Sony and
BlackBerry in this low-volume, high-value category of smartphones, say analysts.

The brand's iconic status -besides features such as a larger, crisper screen,
faster processor, better camera and onboard storage of as much as 128 GB -will
continue to draw consumers, analysts add.

"Success of upcoming flagship devices such as iPhone 6 series, BlackBerry and
Xperia Z3 will be quite polarised towards iPhones as the rich urban consumer
will look to get her hands on the most aspirational brand in the market right
now, which is Apple," said Tarun Pathak, a senior research analyst at Hong
Kong-based Counterpoint Research.

Of the two, the iPhone 6 Plus with a 5.5-inch display could fare better, given
the demand for handsets with larger screen sizes, analysts said.

While there is uncertainty over whether Apple will start selling the new iPhones
in India before or after Diwali, Samsung is set to launch its Note 4 phablet
before the festival of lights. Although the India prices for the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus have not been officially disclosed, they are available in Delhi's
grey market for between .

`1,00,000 and .

`2,00,000, three to four times the expected price, and an indication of the huge
interest in the products. The unlocked, 128 GB iPhone 6 Plus costs $949 (about .

`58,600) in the US, according to Apple's website.

However, launch delays and supply issues given the huge global demand and
"exorbitant pricing" could affect demand for the new iPhones for at least the
next two or three months, Pathak cautioned,

indicating that if Apple missed the upcoming festival season, competitors such
as Samsung and Sony could steal a march over it in the near term. Apple sold
over 10 million iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models in the three days after the
launch on September 19.

Sony started sales of flagship products Xperia Z3 and Xperia Z3 Compact last
week at .

`51,990 and .

`44,990, respectively, while BlackBerry launched its Passport smartphone on
Monday for .

`49,990. Samsung introduced the Galaxy ALPHA smartphone for .

`39,990 last week.

The new and upcoming launches, which showcase technological advancements and
innovations, could provide a fillip to growth in the premium segment of
smartphones, which start at .

`35,000. Sony has improved its display, hardware and design over the Z2, while
Samsung brought a steel-bodied phone for the first time in the Galaxy Alpha.
BlackBerry's Passport offers a unique square display, which allows greater
reading space, apart from an innovative touch-enabled keyboard that combines a
physical keypad with virtual keypad functions.

According to Counterpoint Research, the market share of smartphones above .

`35,000 was limited to 2.5% in the first quarter till March and fell to 2.3% by
June.

The decline was mainly blamed on the lack of innovation, which wasn't appealing
enough for consumers to replace their already expensive handsets.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              311 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                    September 10, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6: Price and competition estimation for India

LENGTH: 1197  words


Apple has launched the new Iphone 6 today. Like last year the Cupertino company
this time also, Apple has launched two new iPhones, with displayy sze of 4.7
inch Iphone 6 and 5.5 inch iPhone 6 Plus.

These two phones will come for worldwide sale on the 19th of this month with the
pre-orders begging on the 12th, The basic 16 GB model of the iPhone is expected
to come at above INR 50K.

The handset in India is a class different. It is considered premium device in
India, which Apple was able to dilute a bit after the launch if iPhone 5C and 5S
in India. Now that Apple is getting aggressive in India and China (Asia),
competitors are no wonder under pressure to match up to Apple devices.

Since then, competitors have also grown fierce to perform well in the market.
This is expected too, since China and India are the top two leading telecom
market today.

Today when Apple is all set to launch its new iPhones and iWatch its time to
estimate what could be Apple's competition this time for the new phones.

Premium feature, a fad no more

The fingerprint scanner that appeared in devices launched by Samsung, Apple and
later in HTC device came to only premium (above INR 40K) Smartphones.

iBerry Asia launched an under INR 15K device this year featuring the fingerprint
scanner and Swipe launched one at less than INR 10K, announcing that's not
premium anymore. Whether or not these budget Smartphone offer any payment
gateways via the phone, they indeed could get the technology go budget!

Apple this time Apple got itself covered well with its deal (Rumoured) with
Mastercard, Visa and others to make iPhone 6 an payment gateway for making
payments via NFC. This none of its competitors have been able to get through,
expect Samsung who went with PayPal to enable payments via PayPal.

For  those luxury phone seekers this will mark security and more payment
options.

Security, hacking and Apple's promise to customer

Last week hackers hacked icloud storage of about 100 celebrities and stole
pictures of them from the cloud. The list of celebrities included Kristen Dunst,
Jennifer Lawrence and many others.

Apple denied security loophole in 'Apple devices' but later switched to
maintenance mode and announced that the company will add an alert system to
iCloud.  This system will notify the user making them change passwords and take
control of the account.

An announcement related to this should come up in two weeks, Cook said in an
interview to the Wall Street Journal.  Though launch event is definitely not a
place for such announcements, a mention will not be bad idea.

The Alpha fight with Samsung

Samsung is going to come as the biggest and direct fighter with the new Alpha
phone, which seems to have been designed keeping in view all the rumours of the
New Iphone 6. The Galaxy Alpha has a metallic body, iPhone like looks and will
pose as a perfect competitor of the iPhone 4.7 incher.

Well, this time Apple has been smart to change its design though. It got the
Galaxy like buttons (power button and volume rocker) on one side and curved
edges like look in latest leaks.

Apple could face a competition if Samsung decides to place its Alpha at about
INR 35K, that's because you get iPhone like phone at, at least INR 15K less than
the iPhone.

And the budget game-changers

"An Apple is an Apple" bueapets possible prices in front of the customers and
agree or not they are hugely ppopular.

After rocking sale of Xiaomi Mi3 flagship based on Snapdragon 800 processor, the
Apple of China is ready with its most affordable handset in India.

Before Apple could launch its iPhones in India, Xiaomi put up 40,000 pieces of
its INR 5,999 handsets for 2nd flash sale. They were again gone in few seconds.
It sold equal number of units in the first flash sale.

That's not all! Micromax unveiled its latest flagship, called the Canvas Nitro
A310 with octa-core processor, 2 GB RAM and a new stitched leather back panel
this week at an affordable price of INR 12,990 for the Indian market. This phone
is going to come to compete with the iPhone 6 this year which will be priced at
a premium.

Is that all?

If that would have been the only competition, it's little worry for Apple, but
cheaper alternatives apart from other companies coming up with slightly cheaper
priced flagships. Oppo's Find 7 flagship with a new camera could be another good
competitors.

All other budget competitors will come up cheap and ultra cheap devices (that
include Android One Smartphone, Mozilla Firefox Smartphones) that won't compete
with iPhone 6, but will make a choice.

So what's the way forward for Apple?

Buy backs have worked pretty well last year with Nokia, Samsung launching
special schemes to buy back old devices and launching premium handsets at
cheaper prices, through online partners and stores. This time too this holds a
lot of hope, especially for the iPhone 5S and 5C customers, who will be ready to
trade in the old iPhone and an INR 20K or 25K price for a new iPhone on
contract.

Offering the handset at lower prices with a year's contract with service
provider is another good option.

The cheaper iPhone (iPhone 5C) for the basic 16GB model last year was priced at
INR 41,900, the iPhone 5S started at INR 53,500. This year the 16 GB model of
iPhone 6 with a 2 year contract will cost INR 12,111 (based on simple
translation of currency, USD 199). That's no way cheap, but seems good enough to
compete with budget phones.

What's expected?

This time the company went into partnership with other companies and is planning
to couple the handset with latest iOS8 with new features. There is an increase
in the screen size and processing capabilities and a bumped up camera in the new
iPhone based on rumours about increased screen size and a new processor) that
would have pressurized resources at Apple. And yes, there could be new Beats to
accompany the new phone.

For full price the Applee will not go near INR 41,000 price point for new iPhone
. But, yes the latest leak leaked online by GForGames who claims to have put the
iPhone 6 on the Geekbench app, saya iPhone 6 4.7-inch will come with 1GB of RAM,
instead of the rumored 2GB RAM on board. That kind of justifies a lower price
for the new iPhone. We can expect it to begin at INR 42,500 or 43,500 in India.

For iPhone 5.5 incher will come in limited numbers and will not be cheap. Given
the fact that last time the iPhone 5S started at INR 53,500, one can't expect
the new iPhone at the same price.  The bigger iPhone might 2GB of RAM. The
bigger screen and iOS 8 customizations will also call for more cost for this.
This will be a particular luxury gadget lovers device this year. Expect it at a
price not less than INR 60,500

The company would in all chances couple the Phone  with the iWatch as a deal, or
sell them independently.

Since this is the first smart watch from Apple which will compete with Samsung,
Motorola, LG smart watches in the market that are placed at INR 15K to 20K in
market, Apple will try and carve itself a niche here. In multiple leaks we have
seen that Apple has been trying to stay as a "choice of luxury" in this segment.
We don't expect the iWatch at below INR 20K anyway, well us if you expect them
to be cheaper than this.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              312 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

Biz Break: Apple Watch gets the buzz, but iPhone is still king

BYLINE: By Jeremy C. Owens jowens@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; Financial Markets; News; Local; Business;
Columnists; Columnists

LENGTH: 1039 words


Today: Apple shows off a new product, but the refreshed iPhone line will mean
more to the company's bottom line. Also: Intel shows off its next advances.

The Lead: iPhones are key to Apple revenue growth, Apple Watch adoption

Apple's debut event sparked a lot of talk about its smartwatch, the first new
device launched by the company since the iPad four years ago, but the company's
immediate future and the Apple Watch's success depend on the other gadgets
introduced Tuesday -- new iPhones.

In a highly anticipated event Tuesday, Apple CEO Tim Cook debuted the Apple
Watch and a mobile-payments attempt called Apple Pay, two new offerings the
Cupertino company hopes will grow revenues that have already exploded in the
past decade. The main cause of that growth has been the iPhone, Apple's
smartphone that was refreshed with two new offerings, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

The main focus was Apple Watch, a smartwatch that will work in concert with the
iPhone as long as the device is an iPhone 5 or newer. The device has a starting
price of $350 and offers an array of customizable features, with early reviews
proclaiming it the best smartwatch to arrive so far.

However, Apple will have to sell a lot of smartwatches to recognize a
substantial amount of revenues, and it won't be helped by the holiday shopping
season since the watch will not hit shelves until 2015.

The most optimistic forecast for watch sales that arrived ahead of the debut --
Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty's prediction that Apple would sell up to 60
million smartwatches in the first year -- would add more than 10 percent to
Apple's revenue total, but that's a very tall order. Bloomberg News points out
that only 2.8 million smartwatches were sold in 2013 , along with 13.6 million
fitness-tracking devices.

"If you believe in having a screen on your wrist, then this is the way to do it,
but the question is whether this is something people want," Andreessen Horowitz
partner Benedict Evans told Bloomberg.

However, the Apple Watch as well as Apple Pay could be helped by Apple's big
moneymaker, the iPhone, which makes up the majority of Apple sales and profits.
Apple introduced two larger iPhones on Tuesday, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus,
with the latter phone of the "phablet" variety, offering a 5.5 inch screen
between the typical dimensions of smartphones and tablets.

The larger screen is an important feature for Apple's growth in Asia, where the
phablet form factor has been extremely popular. Research firm IDC reported last
week that phablets will surpass laptops in 2014 and tablets in 2015 in terms of
shipment volume, underscoring the battle Apple is set to enter.

"That's a slam dunk," TECHnalysis Research analyst Bob O'Donnell told Mercury
News reporter Julia Love . "Most of the people things are doing with their
phones today really cry out for a larger screen."

Along with the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, Apple will continue to sell the
iPhone 5S and 5C at reduced prices, giving it a wider range of sizes and price
points that will be crucial as the company seeks further sales growth.

In return, iPhone adoption could lead to greater adoption of the new offerings
Apple introduced Tuesday.

"The iPhone acts as a critical bridgehead to acquire new customers, and as a
foundation for new ventures such as Apple Watch and Apple Pay," IHS analyst Ian
Fogg noted in an email Tuesday. "The more new customers Apple can win with the
iPhone 6, the greater the chance of success the company will have with Apple
Watch and Apple Pay."

Apple's stock fluctuated wildly during the event, though the general pattern
told the story: prices went higher while the iPhone was being discussed, then
fell when the Apple Watch made its debut. In the end, Apple topped $103 in
intraday trading but ended with a 0.4 percent decline at $97.99.

SV150 market report: Wall Street falls as Intel pitches its future

Apple's struggles contributed to a tough day on Wall Street , especially for
Silicon Valley tech stocks, which were also brought down by Intel and Google.

Intel couldn't find a boost despite showing off its next round of advances in a
Tuesday event at its Santa Clara headquarters. The chipmaker's annual event for
software developers focused mostly on Intel's attempts to break into wearables
and the so-called Internet of Things, while also including an ultrathin tablet
and wireless-charging technology. "My biggest take-away (was) just how serious
Intel is about mobility and the Internet of Things," analyst Patrick Moorhead
told the Mercury News. Intel shares fell 1.2 percent to $34.91 on the day.

Google continued to deal with issues in Europe, as the Mountain View search
giant's antitrust deal seemingly fell apart and former CEO Eric Schmidt looked
for clarification on the "Right to be Forgotten" ; Google declined 1.6 percent
to $591.97 on the day. Twitter fell 2.7 percent to $50.61 while facing threats
from a terrorist organization, and rival Facebook dropped 1.6 percent from
all-time highs to close at $76.67. As Apple broke into PayPal's payments
territory, parent company eBay sank 2.8 percent to $52.73. The Bay Area's merger
market stayed hot, with eBates getting $1 billion from Rakuten a day after
Berkeley organic foods company Annie's agreed to be purchased for $820 million .
After the bell, Palo Alto Networks released its earnings , showing a quarterly
loss of $32.1 million or 41 cents a share, on sales of $178.2 million,
exhibiting year-over-year revenue growth of 59 percent; shares gained to nearly
$93 in late trading after closing with a 0.8 percent decline at $89.28.

Up: GoPro, VMware, Symantec, SanDisk, Oracle

Down: SunPower, Workday, eBay, Twitter, Yahoo, Zynga, Pandora, SolarCity, Yelp,
Google, Facebook, EA

The SV150 index of Silicon Valley's largest tech companies: Down 13.7, or 0.84
percent, to 1609.6

The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index: Down 40, or 0.87 percent, to 4,552.29

The blue chip Dow Jones industrial average: Down 97.55, or 0.57 percent, to
17,013.87

And the widely watched Standard & Poor's 500 index: Down 13.1, or 0.65 percent,
to 1,988.44

Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com .
Contact Jeremy C. Owens at 408-920-5876; follow him at Twitter.com/jowens510 .

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple CEO Tim Cook introduces the new iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus
during at the Flint Center Tuesday morning September 9, 2014 in Cupertino,
California. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              313 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                                 July 20, 2016

Apple's iPhone SE Is Taking Away Sales From Higher-Priced iPhones

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: CLICK

LENGTH: 294 words


http://www.investors.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/Click03-aapl-072016-iStock.j
pg

Apple's[ticker symb=AAPL] lower-cost iPhone SE was meant to expand the company's
market reach to more price-sensitive consumers, but the cheaper handset is
taking away sales from higher-priced iPhones, a report out Wednesday indicates.

Many owners of older-model iPhones are upgrading to the iPhone SE rather than
the iPhone 6 and 6S series handsets, Consumer Intelligence Research Partners
said.

IBD'S TAKE: Apple has an IBD Relative Price Strength Rating of just 19, meaning
it has been outperformed by 81% of stocks in the last 12 months. More
information on Apple stock is available at the IBD Stock Checkup.

In the second quarter, the new iPhone SE accounted for 16% of total U.S. iPhone
sales, with the iPhone 6S at 39% and iPhone 6S Plus at 26%, CIRP said.

"In this quarter, the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus accounted for 65% of total sales,"
said Josh Lowitz, CIRP partner and co-founder. "In contrast, a year ago, in the
June 2015 quarter, their predecessors, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, had 82% of total
sales."

A year ago, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus grew their share of total U.S. iPhone sales
relative to the previous quarter, up from 78% in the March 2015 quarter. But in
this year's June quarter, the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus saw their share shrink
relative to the March 2016 quarter, to 65% from 71%.

CIRP blamed the iPhone SE for taking away sales of the flagship models.

Apple launched the iPhone SE, which starts at $399, on March 31.

Apple stock rose 0.9% to 99.96 in the stock market today, the third straight day
that it hit or topped 100 intraday but closed below that level. The shares are
down 5% so far in 2016.

RELATED:

Apple App Store Anti-Competitive? Spotify, Sen. Warren Think So

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              314 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                           November 29, 2014 Saturday

Mobilink, Ufone offer iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus

SECTION: Vol. XXVIII No. 270

LENGTH: 64  words


Mobilink and Ufone have announced they will offer iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus,
the biggest advancements in iPhone history, beginning on December 11th, 2014.
Mobilink customers can preorder iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus beginning on 5th
December at www.mobilink.com.pk. Ufone customers can preregister their iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus beginning on November 28th, 2014 at www.ufone.com/iPhone6.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              315 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 4, 2014 Thursday

iPhone 6 may boost China's export growth

LENGTH: 389  words


Apple Inc's latest iPhone 6 is likely to add about 1 percent export growth per
month for the rest of 2014 after the product is launched later this year.

BEIJING - Apple Inc's latest iPhone 6, an American product assembled in China,
is likely to add about 1 percent export growth per month for the rest of 2014
after the product is launched later this year, an economist has said.

A boost of 1 percentage point to export growth is no small matter, especially
for the currency market, which closely tracks export growth numbers, says Lu
Ting, chief China economist with Bank of America Merrill Lynch, in a recently
published research note.

In the first seven months of 2014, China's exports edged up 3 percent
year-on-year to $1.28 trillion, customs data showed.

Apple Inc said on Aug 28 that it will host a special event on Sept 9, at which
the company is widely expected to launch iPhone 6.

Sales of iPhone 6, with high volumes predicted to be sold, are expected to
impact macro indicators in the countries and regions involved in making it.

All iPhones, except those sold in China, are counted as China's exports. So the
launch of iPhone 6 will surely provide a boost to China exports when these
products are shipped out of China for global end users, Lu said.

According to Lu, Bank of America Merrill Lynch expects 37 million and 63 million
iPhones 6 to be produced in China in the third quarter and the fourth quarter of
this year, respectively.

After deducting the iPhone 6 sold within China, there should be around 83
million units to be shipped out of China, which will translate into $25.2
billion in total export value given an estimated sales price of $607.5 per unit,
he said.

Using the average monthly China exports data in 2014 as proxy, Lu estimated
iPhone 6 shipments to add about 1 percent to China monthly exports for the rest
of this year.

The economist also said that the launch of iPhone 6 will only have a negligible
impact on growth of China's gross domestic product (GDP) this year, which is
expected to approach $10 trillion.

"We estimate that manufacturing iPhone 5S in China only adds about $8 per unit
versus an average retail sales price at $749 and the value added in iPhone 6
might be only slightly improved," he said.

China Mobile ringing up sales for hotly anticipated iPhone 6
Samsung unveils Galaxy Note 4 with extras

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              316 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

New iPhone meets old iFans

BYLINE: By Julia Love and Patrick May San Jose Mercury News

SECTION: BUSINESS; High-Tech

LENGTH: 585 words


Christmas came in September this year for Apple devotees, as scores of people
across the country turned out early at the company's stores on Friday to get
their hands on new supersized iPhones.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were met with delirious excitement by fans, many of whom
had awakened at the crack of dawn -- or even camped out -- to be among the first
to buy the new gadgets. With significantly larger screens, the latest iPhones
help Apple match competitors like Samsung, which have long offered devices that
blur the line between smartphone and tablet.

Apple loyalists clogged San Francisco's Marina District, where the line to enter
the Apple Store wrapped around the block. Many were fatigued after a sleepless
night in the cold, but they perked up once they'd secured the prized phones.
Raul Ramos, a 68-year-old San Francisco resident, was jubilant as he strolled
out of the store with a gold 6 Plus in hand.

"Once I got the phone, I woke right up," said Ramos, a retired pharmacist who
has camped out for every new gadget since the iPhone 3. "I'm not going home to
sleep. I'm going to be playing with it."

Ramos was fourth in line, sitting just behind Klaus Bandisch, a 59-year-old San
Francisco resident who arrived nearly 24 hours early to secure his spot. Parked
in his folding chair, he said a competitive spirit drove him to be among the
first to get the iPhone 6 Plus.

"Second is the first loser," said Bandisch, who is CEO of 140AdAgency.com , a
company that makes mobile websites.

Exiting the store with a space gray 6 Plus, Bandisch, a first-time camper, said
the device was worth the wait.

"The screen is so crisp and clear," he gushed. "I love the size, and it seems
very light."

But supplies of the 6 Plus did not last for long. Tony Ring-Dowell, a
26-year-old who was about 20th in line, said the device was sold out by the time
he entered the store. He was content with his space gray iPhone 6, though.

"I'm even more excited because the phone is so different," said Ring-Dowell, a
first-grade teacher.

Apple offered the first glimpse of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus last week as part of
a wave of new products and services at a star-studded event.

Now that Apple has finally answered the call for larger screens, analysts expect
the new iPhones to trigger a gusher of sales. More than 4 million pre-orders for
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were placed the day they became available online last
week, twice the volume Apple saw for the iPhone 5. If supplies don't run out,
analysts predict that Apple will sell more than 10 million iPhones this weekend,
up from 9 million during the opening weekend for the iPhone 5s and 5c last year.

The iPhone hysterics extended far beyond Apple's Bay Area stomping grounds. In
Australia, the first country where the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus went up for sale,
more than 1,400 people lined up outside Apple's flagship store in Sydney Friday
morning, according to technology news site ZDNET.

Consumers in Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore
and the U.K. could also buy the devices on Friday, before Apple opens up sales
in more than 20 additional countries on Sept. 26. But it is unclear when the new
iPhones will be released in China as Apple is still waiting for the approval it
needs from regulators there.

The iPhone 6, which measures 4.7 inches diagonally, costs $199 with a two-year
contract, while the 5.5-inch 6 Plus starts at $299. Apart from their superior
size, the phones offer sharper displays, improved battery life and an upgraded
camera.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              317 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                            January 18, 2013, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending Jan. 18;
El Cheapo rising, home button fingerthingy, OMG specs

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 2147 words


The iOSphere was feasting this week on Notes to Investors, those alchemical
documents that transmute the lead of iPhone6 rumors into the gold of
authoritative fact.

How else could we know the many details of iPhone cheapo that emerged in such
plenitude, including multiple release dates, and sizes, not to mention the
suffering of "billions" who yearn for it and yet must wait.

Also this week, fingering the home button, how iPhone 6 stacks up against
another nonexistent smartphone, the specter of 2014, consumer longings, and whoa
of un-wow.

You read it here second.

__________ __________ Not one but two Next iPhones will be announced around June
or July 2013, according to an ever-more-widely cited "note to investors" from
KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo.

CATCH UP: Week of Jan.11 iPhone 6 rumor roundup Among Kuo's "expectations" is
that one of the iPhones, dubbed iPhone 5S, will "very similar to the current
iPhone 5" but it will have a new processor (the A7), a fingerprint sensor, and
an improved camera with a f2.0 aperture and smart LED flash.

Somewhat disappointingly, Kuo "believes that the lower-cost iPhone will in many
ways simply be an iPhone 5 repackaged into a slightly thicker (8.2 mm vs. the
current 7.6 mm) plastic enclosure available in six colors," according to
MacRumors' Eric Slivka, one of many who repeated the Kuo expectations.

According to a handy "breakdown of specs" chart helpfully included by Slivka,
Kuo's "iPhone 5S" will have a bill of materials estimate of $230-$250 (making it
more expensive to build than the estimated $210-$230 for iPhone 5); but the
retail price for an unlocked model would be in the same range as iPhone 5:
$600-$700.

Kuo "expects" the unlocked iPhone cheapo to retail for $350-$450, and to be free
-- as in "FREE!" -- with a two-year contract.

That Apple would offer a brand new product for a price of $0 seems a stretch; it
currently offers an 8GB iPhone 4 for $0 and two-year contract with AT&T, Sprint
or Verizon, or $450 if unlocked.

Slivka assures readers (who otherwise might be inclined, cynically, to consider
notes to investors, or NTIs for short, as the copy/paste results of analysts
reading Apple rumor sites), that Kuo "has a very good track record in predicting
Apple's product plans."

This would be the same Ming-Chi Kuo who last August released an NTI that
predicted the soon-to-be-announced iPad mini had suffered delays because it
would use a "thinner and lighter 'GF Ditto' touch structure," according to the
same Eric Slivka who faithfully summarized Kuo's expectations. Instantly known
as "GFD," this new "touch structure" was (and as far as The Rollup can tell
remains) a completely unexplained and possibly nonexistent innovation. But that
didn't inhibit Slivka from claiming that "Apple is said to be the first company
in the world to commercialize and mass produce the technology."

AppleInsider leveraged Kuo's NTI to the max. Slivka's colleague, Neil Hughes,
provided new details of Kuo's expectations regarding the fingerprint sensor for
the Next iPhone.

"Apple is expected to launch a new iPhone this year with a fingerprint sensor
hidden beneath the home button -- an intuitive design that could be difficult
for competing Android and Windows Phone devices to copy," Hughes enthused.

Kuo and Hughes expect that the fingerprint sensor will be based on technology
acquired last year when Apple bought AuthenTec, which makes a variety of
silicon-based "smart sensors" with functions like fingerprint recognition but
also highly accurate touch and gesture processing. According to Hughes, Kuo
"believes Apple will find a way to integrate the fingerprint sensor into the
home button, allowing Apple to keep its 'minimalist design.'" Hughes continued:
"In contrast, many Android and Windows Phone devices have more than one button
below the display, and those buttons frequently lack the mechanical push of
Apple's home button. As a result, attempts to integrate fingerprint scanning on
competing devices would be less intuitive, and could frustrate users, Kuo said."

Combining the iPhone home button with a fingerprint sensor lets Apple "replace
the use of usernames and passwords, allowing users to authenticate in a more
efficient manner. [Kuo] also expects that the fingerprint scanner will integrate
with applications such as Passbook to enhance their functionality."

For background, Hughes links to an August 2012 analysis by AppleInsider's Daniel
Eran Dilger on the AuthenTec acquisition.

Much of the industry coverage focused on the fingerprint sensing technology and
the prospect of adding a fingerprint sensor to the iPhone, and other Apple
products, to lock/unlock the devices.

But Dilger examines how the home button could use AuthenTec's technology to be
transformed into a complement to the iPhone's touchscreen: using swipes of
different fingers not only to unlock and activate specific apps and to trigger
customized tasks, but also to launch faster screen scrolling or more precise
screen touch for specific apps.

In addition, he notes that AuthenTec "also develops IP cores for accelerating
cryptography and encryption/decryption, features Apple could add to its System
on a Chip designs to simplify and enhance the performance of iOS devices in
handling HDCP (HDMI content protection) or integrating hardware acceleration of
disk encryption, VPN services, app and iOS platform authentication (thwarting
jailbreaks)."

So even if Kuo is right, there may be more to the fingerprint sensor than meets
the i.

It's part of the iOSphere's surreal charm that it can compare two unreleased and
unannounced products, complete with assertions that simultaneously sound fully
authoritative and utterly baffling.

"iPhone 6 vs. HTC M7: Will HTC Follow Samsung's Footsteps in Beating Apple's
Smartphone?" wonders Kristin Dian Mariano, posting at International Business
Times.

This is the iOSphere convention of rhetorical question, where the answer is
implicit in the question. "It seems that HTC aims to follow the path paved by
Samsung overtaking Apple," she announces.

She begins by citing another recent Note To Investors, this one by Jefferies
stock analyst Peter Misek, who predicts that "the iPhone 5S/6 has a new 'super
HD camera/screen, a better battery, and NFC,' and 'possible updates include an
IGZO screen for Retina+, 128GB storage.'" Authoritative. Yet it becomes baffling
because in IBT's comparison of the two nonexistent smartphones, nearly all of
the specs and features show the non-existent iPhone 6 matching if not besting
the nonexistent M7.

For example, "Screen Display - Upcoming iPhone 6 is speculated to boast 5-inch
Full HD display. HTC M7 will have 4.7 inches 1080p display." So, the iPhone will
have a larger screen than the M7. The term "1080p," according to Wikipedia,
"usually assumes a widescreen aspect ratio of 16:9, implying a resolution of
1920 × 1080 (2.1 megapixel) often marketed as Full HD."

Or take "Internal Storage - Apple's smartphone will have 128GB storage. HTC's
upcoming smartphone is speculated to come with 32GB of internal storage."

And OMG both devices will have LTE and NFC, LOL. ARGH.

That's the bad news. The good news is it will be preceded in June or July 2013
by the iPhone 5S.

GottaBeMobile's Josh Smith seems sold by the latest Note To Investors by
Jefferies stock analyst Misek.

This year, Apple will release only a "minor iPhone 5 upgrade," Smith posts,
based on Misek's NTI. But. Next year. Who Knows.

Misek "believes Apple is planning a 4.8-inch iPhone 6," Smith reveals. And it
won't have a home button. That would be bad news for KGI Securities analyst Kuo,
of course, who is predicting the Next iPhone, one of them anyway, will have an
improved phone button.

This prediction is "based on a prototype." To keep this in perspective, it's
probably best to think of an "iPhone prototype" as sort of like "iPhone fan art
turned into a 3D model."

Misek also has exspectulations (a combination of "expectations" and
"speculations") that the iPhone cheapo will, in Smith's phrasing, "focus on
low-cost instead of being 'cheap'" and have a "polycarbonate case with 4"
non-Retina display and no LTE."

And speaking of cheaper, GottaBeMobile's Chuong Nguyen says that "a Cheaper
iPhone 6 Doesn't Matter to You, But it Does to Billions."

Billions. Pining, longing, yearning for iPhone, if only it was cheaper or less
expensive or lower-priced. Apple, are you listening?

"It's still unclear what the cost savings and profit margin would be for a
cheaper iPhone, but with emerging markets like China, India, and Africa, the
tradeoff would be greater and more lucrative market share for Apple," Nguyen
assures us.

Of course, Apple Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller
recently assured us that Apple will "never blindly pursue market share." [Also
see: "Will Apple introduce a lower-priced iPhone?"]  Part of the issue in
overseas markets, according to Nguyen, is that carrier subsidies may not be as
generous, or even available, as in the U.S. "In China, after high national
taxes, the true cost of a base model iPhone 5 may be as high as $800 or $900,"
Nguyen says.

But last December, when the iPhone 5 went on sale in mainland China, there were
two tiers of pricing. Fortune's Philip Elmer-DeWitt, based on a report by
China's Shanghai Daily, reported that "Traffic may have been light at the Apple
retail outlets that were selling only unsubsidized iPhones (i.e. starting at US
$846), but Apple's partners were having a field day selling the iPhone 5 under
contract for as little as US $96." That's affordable by almost anyone's
definition.

Part of that affordability was driven by unprecedented big trade-in discounts
for older iPhone models, according to a ZDNet account.

Elmer-DeWitt continued: "In addition to the 300,000 pre-orders racked up last
week by China Unicom -- up 50% from the 200,000 it took for the [iPhone] 4S last
January -- the carrier sold 5,000 more before Friday noon in Shanghai alone.
China Telecom, for its part, expected to sell 10,00 units in Shanghai by the end
of the day Friday."

Game over, man.

"Writer and radio producer" Eric Mack, writing in CNET's Crave gadget blog,
declares "The iPhone 6 won't wow: 6 reasons why."

"Back in September [2012], after the much-awaited and meh-filled unveiling of
the iPhone 5, I made a declaration that's being borne out further in this week's
headlines -- the iPhone jumped the shark some time ago," Mack reminds us.
"Jumping the shark" was a phrase originally coined for the point where a
television series runs out of real ideas and resorts to gimmicks.

The iPhone 5 demonstrated, Mack reiterates, the "lack of any groundbreaking
innovation."

He thinks there will be an "iPhone 5s" with some dinky "iterative updates" and
possibly a lower-cost iPhone cheapo. "But the real question is: then what?" he
asks.

Not much, apparently.

"My gut tells me the iPhone as we know it will be done at that point," Mack
says. "I have a hunch there will never be an iPhone 6, because Apple will be
forced to move into a significantly different form factor to keep people
interested and compete with the movement toward bigger phablet-like thingies and
emerging wearable electronics."

When you put it that way, it's all so obvious: the Big Ones and the Unmistakable
Irreversible Trend to "wearable electronics."

We can quickly summarize Mack's six reasons why the iPhone 6, which hunchwise
will never appear anyway but if it does, will fail to wow, because the same six
reasons have been pretty widely cited since the iPhone 4S, at least.

Here they are:

* "iOS is stale" * "Samsung and Android are rocking lately" * "Apple is
different under Tim Cook" (here "different" means "worse" because now Apple is a
company "that seems to follow the more traditional model of giving customers
what they want, rather than the Jobs model of dictating to consumers what they
will want.") * "Young people don't think Apple is cool anymore" * "Price does
matter" because "Money talks, and during these economic times it actually
screams" * "To wow, you need a wow factor. ... Right now I'm having a hard time
imagining any iPhone 6 that will elicit that most joyous of palindromes"Almost
needless to say, Mack doesn't bother quantifying any of these "reasons" which
amount to little more than opinions, or even prejudices. An operating system is
not, for example, like a loaf of bread. The fact that Samsung is rocking is
irrelevant to Apple's success, both in sales and more importantly profitability:
all the indications are that Apple next week will announce its most successful
quarter for iPhone sales ever. And "young people" probably means "Eric Mack."

Mack's main mistake is to think that wowing the impressionable iOSphere hive
mind is the same thing as having a successful and profitable product.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network World.
Twitter: @johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              318 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                       August 25, 2014 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6 alleged official photo leaks before official launch

LENGTH: 211  words


A Chinese carrier China Telecom seem to have accidentally posted a photo
revealing Apple's much talked about and awaited Iphone 6 on the Chinese social
networking website Weibo. The photo looks like a press render of the phone and
highlights a tagline saying 'even better', confirming the launch of the Iphone 6
with a bigger display and better features on September 9.

First spotted by Sina News, the photo seem to have been posted accidentally and
was soon been taken down from the site. The photo does not only show off the
curved-edge design of the iPhone 6, but also confirms that it would be called as
the iPhone 6. Recently, leakster Feld & Volk too had posted a photo of the
iPhone 6, which showed off a Samsung-like curved side profile of the phone. The
photo also shows that iPhone 6 will come in three colors- silver, grey and gold.

This is not the first time that the iPhone 6 has been spotted online, as there
have earlier been a number of specification-, photo and video-leaks which have
revealed most of the design elements of Apple's yet to be announced iPhone 6. So
far, reports have revealed that the iPhone 6 will don a new design with 4.7-inch
and a larger 5.5-inch display size, come with slightly rectangular keys, and
bring a protruding rear camera.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              319 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     February 3, 2016 Wednesday 1:16 PM GMT

Apple's iPhone 7 will correct two of the iPhone 6's most irritating design
flaws;
Will Apple correct these two annoying design flaws that have been driving iPhone
6 and 6s owners to despair?

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 459 words


Apple's forthcoming iPhone 7 will correct two of the iPhone 6's most irritating
design flaws, according to a new report.

When Apple first unveiled the iPhone 6 in 2014, some customers complained that
the camera lens, which sticks out from the back of the device by around a
millimeter, prevented the device from lying flat on a table.

Apple claimed that the protruding camera was a necessary trade-off, allowing
Jony Ive's team of designers to cram advanced optics into the iPhone 6, making
it the "best smartphone camera ever".

As a result, the same design flaw was carried over to the iPhone 6s, which
launched in 2015.

But now MacRumors is reporting that the camera on the upcoming iPhone 7 will sit
flush with the rear casing, thanks to a thinner camera module, citing "a source
who has provided reliable information in the past".

This means there will no longer be a camera "bump" on the back of the device.

Recent rumours suggest that Apple is planning to equip the 5.5-inch iPhone 7
Plus with a dual-lens rear camera, while the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 will include a
more traditional camera.

MacRumours also reports that, for the iPhone 7, Apple is planning to remove the
white plastic bands across the back of the the current generation of iPhones,
reinforcing previous rumours.

Some customers complain that these white bands ruin the aesthetics of the
iPhones, which are otherwise entirely encased in aluminium and glass.

However, they are necessary because radio waves struggle to penetrate metal, so
the plastic strips allow mobile signals to reach the antennas.

Read more: Latest release date, news and price rumours on Apple's iPhone 7

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

The rumoured removal of these bands suggests that the body of the next iPhone
may not be made from metal at all, but some other kind of material.

The iPhone 7 is not expected to be unveiled until September 2016, but there are
already plenty of rumours that give hints about what Apple is planning.

Other rumours suggest that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof and dustproof, and
feature a higher resolution display, faster processor, and wireless charging.

It has also been suggested that Apple might ditch both the 3.5mm headphone jack
and the iconic Home button, to make more room inside for a bigger battery, while
keeping the device as slim as possible.

Losing the headphone jack would be a particularly contentious move, as it would
force users to abandon potentially expensive headphones in favour of those with
an Apple-approved Lightning connector.

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

Life hacks for your iPhone

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              320 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Long wait well worth it, say iPhone fans

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; General

LENGTH: 513 words


People queued for hours to get their hands on one of the new iPhones, released
in New Zealand at midnight.

Vodafone stores in Auckland, Wellington, Christchurch and Dunedin opened their
doors at 12.01am to keen Apple fans intent on being among the first to get the
new smartphones.

While the iPhone 6 phones have had some early questions raised about their
durability - there have been reports overseas of the iPhone 6 Plus bending in
people"s pockets - that hasn"t stopped technology enthusiasts queuing to get
them.

Vodafone spokeswoman Michelle Baguley said the queue at Auckland"s Queen St
store started forming about 3pm yesterday.

Mt Eden man Damon Dai, 20, was the first person in line for a new phone
yesterday.

Queing for nine hours was worth it, he said.

"I"m a real Apple fan. I love Apple, I purchase all the Apple products," the
recent immigrant from China said.

"I adored Steve Jobs, he"s my hero. He changed our world."

He had a full battery on his iPhone 5s and enough mobile data to see him through
to the midnight launch, he said, and wanted the new, larger phone for its more
powerful output and thinner design.

Going in a different direction, for the first time Spark - formerly Telecom -
was launching the latest iPhone incarnations at a later time, instead of
midnight.

This year customers have been able to pre-book their places in Spark queues
online by registering an oversized novelty "emoji" - pictures popularly used in
text messages - which are printed off and hold their space in the queue.

Spark spokesman Sam Durbin said the iPhones would be launched at their main
stores in Auckland, Hamilton, Wellington, Christchurch and Dunedin at 7am.

"It"s not a traditional midnight launch. It just kind of suited what we wanted
to do. It just fitted with our concept a bit better."

The larger version of the new device, the iPhone 6 Plus, was proving
particularly popular - although the numbers of the phone available could not
meet immediate demand, he said.

Mobile phone company 2degrees will launch later still, at 8am, in Auckland at
their Sylvia Park store and Yoobee in Newmarket, as well as in Wellington and
Christchurch.

Coffee would be provided to the early birds and street performers had been
organised, a spokesman said.

Some upgraded features

Size: the iPhone 5s measures 123.8mm x 58.6mm x 7.6 mm and weighs 112g.

The iPhone 6 measures 138.1mm x 67mm x 6.9 mm and weighs 129g, while the Plus"
increased screen size stretches to 158.1mm x to 77.8 x 7.1mm and hits 172g.

Screen: the iPhone 5s had a 4 inch Retina screen, the iPhone 6 has a 4.7 inch
screen, and the 6 Plus features a 5.5 inch screen

Memory: The iPhone 5s comes with 16, 32 or 64Gb of solid state memory. The
iPhone 6 models come in 16, 64 and 128Gb.

Power: The iPhone 6 is powered by Apple"s latest A8 processor and has faster
processing power and faster graphics.

Battery: The iPhone 5s is capable of 250 hours of standby or 10 hours of
chatting before it needs a charge. The iPhone 6 can handle 50 hours of audio and
11 hours of video. The iPhone 6 Plus offers 80 hours of audio and 14 hours of
video.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              321 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

iPhone 6 smuggling bid busted

LENGTH: 373  words


Lured by the promise of profit from smuggling the new iPhones into the mainland,
opportunists have joined the thousands of Apple Inc fans lining up to buy the
devices as they were launched across Asia.

Apple's iPhone 6 are displayed during a news conference by Customs and Excise
Department and police in Hong Kong on Sept 21, 2014. Hong Kong customs and
marine police on Saturday foiled a smuggling case involving a speedboat carrying
138 iPhone 6, along with hard disks and RAMs, from Hong Kong to the Chinese
mainland. Lured by the promise of profit from smuggling the new iPhones into the
mainland, opportunists have joined the thousands of Apple Inc fans lining up to
buy the devices as they were launched across Asia. [Photo/China.org.cn]

Inside a Chinese 'Taobao village'
China's first Hermes Maison opening in Shanghai
Graphic: How iPhone 6 stacks up against other smartphones

Apple's iPhone 6 are displayed during a news conference by Customs and Excise
Department and police in Hong Kong on Sept 21, 2014. Hong Kong customs and
marine police on Saturday foiled a smuggling case involving a speedboat carrying
138 iPhone 6, along with hard disks and RAMs, from Hong Kong to the Chinese
mainland. Lured by the promise of profit from smuggling the new iPhones into the
mainland, opportunists have joined the thousands of Apple Inc fans lining up to
buy the devices as they were launched across Asia. [Photo/China.org.cn]

Inside a Chinese 'Taobao village'
China's first Hermes Maison opening in Shanghai
Graphic: How iPhone 6 stacks up against other smartphones

Apple's iPhone 6 are displayed during a news conference by Customs and Excise
Department and police in Hong Kong on Sept 21, 2014. Hong Kong customs and
marine police on Saturday foiled a smuggling case involving a speedboat carrying
138 iPhone 6, along with hard disks and RAMs, from Hong Kong to the Chinese
mainland. Lured by the promise of profit from smuggling the new iPhones into the
mainland, opportunists have joined the thousands of Apple Inc fans lining up to
buy the devices as they were launched across Asia. [Photo/China.org.cn]

Inside a Chinese 'Taobao village'
China's first Hermes Maison opening in Shanghai
Graphic: How iPhone 6 stacks up against other smartphones

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              322 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                              May 30, 2014, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending May 30;
WWDC WOW, launching, assembling, rear ends

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1629 words


With Apple's annual Worldwide Developers Conference 2014 starting Monday June 2,
it's déjà vu all over again with iPhoneand iOS rumors that have been circulating
since the end of WWDC 2013.

Most of the rumors are little more than hopes, more or less well-founded, like
continued improvements to Apple's Maps platform in iOS, and more recently one
genuinely new rumor that Apple will be extending iOS to handle home automation
systems, using your iPhone like an all-purpose remote control for the Digital
Things in your life.

Also this week, a rumor that iPhone 6 will be available on Sept. 19; another
that Foxconn will be the main iPhone 6 assembler, and a rear metal casing that
some think belongs to the 4.7-inch iPhone 6.

You read it here second.

+More on NetworkWorld: 20 best iPhone/iPad games of 2014 + This is less a rumor
than a Forlorn Hope. It's widely expected that Apple will unveil iOS 8,
because...that's what Apple does at its yearly Worldwide Developers Conference,
which this year starts June 2.

No one is expecting the Next iPhone(s) to be revealed. But there is hope new
features in iOS, or clues embedded in the code, might at least hint at features
in the upcoming phones.

The Financial Times this past week posted a story headlined "Apple sees the
light in push for Jetsons-style home automation."

[Subscription is required to read it.]  The basic idea is that Apple seems to be
preparing software that will turn the iPhone into a "remote control" for lights,
security systems and other household appliances. The iBeacon specification,
which Apple bases on Bluetooth 4.0 (also known as Bluetooth Low Energy) may be
part of this network/internet of things. There have been a variety of software
platforms aimed at home/office automation systems, which have achieved varying
levels of success. Apple may intend to leverage the millions of iPhones in
existence, and the familiar iOS user interface, to create a home automation
platform that has almost at the start a very large user base.

CiteWorld's Ryan Faas looked at Apple's published WWDC schedule, and took note
of the many sessions that are "TBA" - to be announced after the opening keynote
by Apple CEO Tim Cook and crew. Faas reasoned that these silences actually give
some clues as to Apple's announcements.

"The unnamed events are spread across each of the six tracks that Apple offers
-- Frameworks, Services, Tools, Graphics and Games, Media, and Core OS -- and
include both lecture-style sessions and interactive labs," Faas writes. "That
implies that Apple is planning major announcements about upcoming products, OS
features, apps, and services. It also implies that these announcements will
directly impact many of the underlying foundations of iOS and OS X. Perhaps,
most importantly, it indicates that whatever products, services, or future OS
versions Apple announces, it will need the support of its developer community to
ensure success."

The last statement hardly rises above a truism: as Faas himself acknowledges,
the whole point of WWDC is to bring the 5,000 developer attendees up to speed
with Apple's newest OS features, apps, and services.

Faas offers a round up of current speculation, with those bearing on iOS and the
iPhone being:

* Health Book, an app modeled the iOS Passbook app, but intended as a central
location for fitness, lifestyle, and health information; possibly using
Bluetooth LE to link with fitness and health devices.

* improvements and extension to Apple's Maps app and location services.

* adding Touch ID fingerprint scanning to all future iPhones and iPads, and
extending its underlying software and opening it up to developers for
authentication and authorization uses.The good news: we only have to wait until
Monday afternoon June 2 to know instead of, well, Sept. 19.

That's what we call precision. Not very well grounded precision, but good enough
for the iOSphere.

Numerous iOSphere websites rebroadcast a rumor that apparently first appeared on
a German language site, ApfelPage.de, which claims to have seen internal
documents from iPhone carrier Deutsche Telekom or as Google Translate renders it
"documents in our internally prepare already on the iPhone 6."

ApfelPage, oddly, doesn't actually quote these documents or provide a photo or
scanned image of them, so we end up with at best a paraphrase.

The German carrier "has, therefore, the call center tasked with customers, whose
contract expires in about the launch of the model, to convince them to extend
their tariff - But then with an iPhone 6 in the luggage. We are talking about a
launch date of the device at September 19, 2014 at Telekom and probably the same
in the Apple Stores."

By "launch date," ApfelPage apparently means "the date when the Next iPhone
becomes available for sale." Presumably the announcement date would be seven to
10 days earlier.

"Also, potential customers who can not be dissuaded to wait for the next iPhone
, instead of already conclude a telecom contract are to be angeködert [?]. You
will, so our information , even sent in exceptional cases, in July a written
offer to contract for the iPhone 6 by Telekom - without names, of course."

Typically, much is read into this vaguely-sourced claim. For Kukil Bora, at
International Business Times, the ApfelPage post qualifies as a "report" and is
"lending more credibility to the growing rumor that Apple Inc. could launch its
next-generation iPhone, dubbed the iPhone 6, in September...."

Bora translates the Google Translate version of the German to mean that
"Deutsche Telekom reportedly instructed its call center representatives to tempt
customers to stay with the carrier for the Sept. 19 launch of the highly
anticipated iPhone 6...."

Of course the best indication of a September release for iPhone 6 is simply the
pattern of previous September releases, for the iPhone 5s and 5c (Sept. 20,
2013) and the iPhone 5 (Sept. 20, 2012).

A typically brief, and typically thinly-sourced, post at DigiTimes (which may be
behind a subscriber paywall by the time you read this) claims that long-time
Apple manufacturing partner Foxconn (Hon Hai Precision Industry) will assemble
the 5.5-inch iPhone 6, and 70 percent of the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 models.

The only foundation for this is usual "sources from the upstream supply chain."

The post says Pegatron will handle the remaining 30 percent of the 4.7-inch
models, with a third contract assembler, Wistron, taking over the "existing
4-inch iPhone."

AppleInsider forthrightly labeled this with a headline starting with the word
"Rumor," but Sam Oliver reads into it more than DigiTimes did.

"Apple is rumored to be finalizing its supply chain plans for this year's
anticipated iPhone update...." he writes, suggesting that either he, or
DigiTimes, knows more about the Apple supply chain arrangements and schedules
than is likely.

The DigiTimes post, which Oliver labels a "report," is also suggestive. "The
report also claimed that Apple's current 4-inch iPhone size will live on, but
referred to it as an 'existing' model, suggesting it may just utilize legacy
hardware rather than sporting upgraded internal components."

This is a false choice. There's no reason that an "existing" 4-inch iPhone model
for 2014 can't have both legacy hardware and upgraded internal components:
that's exactly what Apple did for the iPhone 5c, which has the same display as
the iPhone 5 (and 5s) but shares the 5s wireless components, among other things.

The only interesting thing the DigiTimes post really "suggests" is the
unanswered question of what will Apple's 2014 iPhone line-up actually look like?
The lower-priced, plastic-bodied 5c introduced in 2013 was Apple's first
extension of the iPhone brand since the original was released in 2007. According
to all the real public data that's available, the 5c has achieved at least some
of the goals Apple set for it. [See "The great 'iPhone 5c is a failure'
freakout: Getting the few facts available wrong."]  Assuming Apple will
introduce a 4.7-inch model, will this eventually become the "standard" size for
both the flagship and the "c" variants? Will the 4-inch display only be
continued until the 2015 iPhones "upgrade" the display to the new standard?

Will a larger-than-4.7-inch model be a higher-priced, lower-volume phone, such
as an "iPhone Air" as some have speculated?

Or will the "c" model feature a 4.7-inch screen and the flagship a 5.5-inch
screen? And what will the impact be on iPhone pricing, with and without two-year
carrier contracts?

These are the real questions and so far there don't seem to be any rumors even
speculating about the answers.

The Australian Mac/iOS device repair service MacFixIt posted a photograph that
is purported to be the rear metal housing or case of a 4.7-inch iPhone 6.

And here it is.  The photo comes exclusively "from our contact in China." That's
not the kind of source to inspire high confidence levels, given that the current
population of China means there are about 1.3 billion candidates for "contact."

Mike Beasley, regurgitating this revelation at 9to5Mac, inexplicably upgrades
the source. He writes that the photo "allegedly comes from sources inside the
supply chain," which makes it sound as if a flock of informed blabbers are doing
brain downloads to MacFixIt. "This is reportedly the 4.7? model," Beasley
assures his readers.

MacFixIt actually doesn't even reportedly say that: they just eyeballed the
photo and guessed. "Rumours claims that the iPhone 6 (due to be release later
this year) is going to come in a larger size of 4.7" which fits the proportions
of this photo," according to the original blogpost.

This is making a molehill out an anthill.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network
World.Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2014 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              323 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

Apple: 10 million in iPhone sales is just the beginning

BYLINE: By Julia Love jmlove@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; News; Business

LENGTH: 628 words


CUPERTINO -- Consumers have already snapped up more than 10 million of Apple's
new iPhones, and analysts say the fast start for the bigger phones will mean
bigger sales for the company for the rest of the year.

Apple announced Monday that the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus sparked record sales in the
first three days they were available, besting the 9 million gadgets sold when
the iPhone 5S and 5C debuted in 2013. But unlike last year, Apple reached a new
high without China, where the devices have yet to win regulators' stamp of
approval, and supply appeared to be crimping sales where the new phones were
available. That means Apple has most likely gleaned only a fraction of the
riches its new iPhones promise, analysts say.

"There's no question selling 10 million units of anything over a weekend is
spectacular," said analyst Avi Greengart of Current Analysis. "But that number
just shows Apple's supply. The demand is higher still."

Indeed, Apple CEO Tim Cook suggested that Apple could have topped its own record
by a wider margin, noting in a statement that sales for the opening weekend
"exceeded our expectations."

"While our team managed the manufacturing ramp better than ever before, we could
have sold many more iPhones with greater supply and we are working hard to fill
orders as quickly as possible," Cook said.

Apple did not break down early sales between the two devices, but the 6 Plus,
which boasts a larger screen, sold out early in many locations. Research firm
Piper Jaffray surveyed customers waiting in line Friday in Minneapolis and New
York, finding that 57 percent wanted to buy the 6 Plus.

Lines snaked around Apple stores in the Bay Area and beyond when shelves were
stocked Friday. After netting about $7 billion from sales this weekend, Apple's
revenue may even cross the $200 billion threshold this year, thanks to a boost
from the new phones, said analyst Carl Howe of 451 Research, though that will
most likely happen in 2015. By comparison, Apple generated $171 billion in
revenue in 2013.

"Apple's going to have a monster quarter," said analyst Colin Gillis of BGC
Financial.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus come to market at a time when smartphones are already
the norm, and many customers are ready for their next device, Greengart said.

"There's an installed base that's itching to upgrade," he said.

Sales of the new iPhones began Friday in the U.S., Australia, Canada, France,
Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the U.K., and will expand
to more than 20 additional countries this week. Analyst Ben Bajarin of Creative
Strategies said he expects Apple to sell its devices in China by year's end,
making for a "really, really big holiday season."

"It's going to be a very merry Christmas," Howe said.

With its new batch of gadgets, Apple is entering the market for "phablets," a
popular category of devices that blur the line between smartphones and tablets.
Samsung and other manufacturers using Google's Android operating system
pioneered the market, attracting some iPhone customers who wanted gadgets with
bigger screens.

The iPhone 6, which measures 4.7 inches diagonally, costs $199 with a two-year
contract. The 5.5-inch 6 Plus starts at $299 -- $100 more than Apple charged for
its premier phone last year. Those prices, roughly twice that of the average
smartphone, will also enrich Apple's bottom line, analysts say.

Many consumers find larger screens useful for watching videos and playing games.
The size also makes the new phones easy to distinguish from early versions,
satisfying consumers' impulse to show off, Greengart said.

"Let's not discount the impact of human nature too much," he said. "It's more
obvious that you've purchased the latest."

Contact Julia Love at 408-920-5536; follow her at Twitter.com/byJuliaLove .

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A man wearing a child on his chest (who declined to be identified)
checks out the new iPhone 6 at the Apple Store on Chestnut St. in San Francisco,
Calif., on Friday, Sept. 19, 2014. The newest iPhone, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus went on sale today to long lines of eager customers. (Dan Honda/Bay Area
News Group)
Elaine Strauss, of San Francisco, is one of the first customers to leave with a
new iPhone 6 from the Apple Store on Chestnut Street in San Francisco, Calif.,
on Friday, Sept. 19, 2014. The newest iPhone, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus,
went on sale today to long lines of eager customers. (Dan Honda/Bay Area News
Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              324 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     September 9, 2014 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6 5.5-inch and 4.7-inch models to go on sale on September 19!

LENGTH: 245  words


Those awaiting to get their hands on the biggest ever-Iphone model will be
delighted to know that the company will indeed launch the iPhone 5.5-inch
variant as well as put it on sale on september 19, along with the iPhone
4.7-variant. Apple Insider is reporting that Apple would be launching the Iphone
6 5.5-inch model, however only in limited numbers.

Apple is gearing up to finally unveil the next generation iPhone models along
with its long awaited iWatch, and an update to the iOS to 8th version at its
WWDC event today in San Francisco. Rumors have it that the company will launch
two New Iphone variants including a 4.7-inch and a 5.5-inch model. Earlier
reports suggested that the company might unveil the iPhone 6 5.5-inch and iWatch
at the event though it might not bring these to market due to manufacturing
delays and issues. However, a new report has surfaced online hinting that the
company would indeed put the iPhone 6 5.5-inch model on sale alongside the
iPhone 6 4.7-inch on September 19. Though, there could only be limited stock for
the biggest ever-phone model due to the rumored production issues of the phone.
It is likely that the company might put limited stock for the iPhone 6 5.5-inch
model but have good numbers of units of the iPhone 6 4.7-inch model.

As far as the certainty of date is concerned, the September 19 date makes sense
as the company's history has suggested that it put the new iPhones on sale two
Fridays after they are announced.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              325 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                            January 22, 2013 Tuesday

iPhone 6: Fingerprint sensor included?;
IPhone 6 fingerprint sensor rumored to be included in the next iPhone, as early
as June. Besides the iPhone 6 fingerprint technology, there are also reports of
a bigger screen iPhone.

BYLINE: Staff CSMonitor.com

SECTION: Innovation

LENGTH: 348 words


The latest iPhone rumor is that the iPhone 5s, sometimes dubbed the iPhone 6,
will include a fingerprint detector.

The source? KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who has a good track record for
predicting when new Apple products will launch, says that Apple's next iPhone 6
(a.k.a 5s) will include a fingerprint sensor for security. He's saying this next
version of the Apple smartphone could launch in June or July, which would be
ahead of the typical fall release schedule. Kuo also thinks that the iPhone 5S
will have an improved camera and will have a more powerful A7 chip, according to
ComputerWorld in Singapore.

The arrival of an iPhone fingerprint sensor shouldn't come as too big of a
surprise. Earlier this year, Apple purchased AuthenTec, a mobile network
security for about $356 million. One of AuthenTec's key products: fingerprint
sensors.

But neither Apple nor AuthenTec are alone in this field. As LAPTOP reported last
week, Validity Sensors, a company that supplies fingerprint readers to the PC
market, is moving into mobile too.

At CES last week, Validity Director of Technical Marketing Dough Vargha showed
off a Samsung Android phone [with fingerprint sensor] ... "Not only does that
provide a simple user experience, [but] it also is high security," he told us.
"It's easy to hack a four-digit PIN, but a fingerprint belongs to you and you
only." Vargha explained that fingerprint authentication, which Validity calls
"Natural Login," will be used not only to log into a device, but also to
validate ecommerce transactions.

As long as we're talking Apple iPhone rumors, The Christian Science Monitor's
Matt Shaer reported Monday that there are reports of a larger iPhone in the
works. It's a new 4.8-inch smart phone tentatively dubbed the "iPhone Math." The
current iPhone 5 has a 4 inch screen.

'Although former Apple CEO Steve Jobs once said 3.5-inches was the perfect size
for a smartphone display, Apple expanded the display from 3.5 inches to 4 inches
for the iPhone 5 - an attempt to keep up with massive gadgets such as the HTC
Droid DNA and Samsung Galaxy S III."

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              326 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             August 7, 2015 Friday

BLUEPRINT FOR SUCCESS;
With the first generation iPhone released eight years ago on June 29,2007, we
take a look at the history of the iPhone.

BYLINE: FROM NEWSDAY TRIBUNE NEWS SERVICE

SECTION: ; Pg. SA2

LENGTH: 794 words


IPHONE 1ST GEN

JUNE 29, 2007

To much anticipation and fanfare, the first iPhone was released in June 2008,
with the 4 gigabyte model priced at $499 and the 8 gigabyte model at $599, both
requiring a two-year contract. FormerApple CEO Steve Jobs unveiled the new
device in January 2007 at the Macworld convention in the Moscone Center in San
Francisco, Calif. Jobs touted the phone's ability to serve as a music player,
mobile phone and internet browser all-in-one. The first generation iPhone would
go on to sell 6.1 million in more than five quarters.

IPHONE 3G

JULY 11, 2008

Shortly after the launch of the first iPhone,Apple announced the iPhone 3G on
June 9, 2008, and began selling the second generation iPhone in July. The
slogan"twice as fast, for half the price"bragged about the price-reduction of
the new phone at $199 for the 8 gigabyte model, as well as several new hardware
features like GPS and 3G data plans. One of the most important new features came
in the form of the App Store, allowing users to find third-party applications
for the first time.There were 500 apps available at the launch of the App Store.

IPHONE 3GS JUNE 19, 2009

The iPhone 3GS would replace the 3G one year later, announced on June 8 and
released on June 19, 2009.With the "S"standing for"Speed,"the phone had mainly
internal changes, being touted as two-times faster than the previous
version.Additions to the iPhone 3GS included a new 3-megapixel camera with video
recording, voice contro and twice the amount of the 3G's RAM at 256 MB.

IPHONE 4 JUNE 24, 2010

The iPhone 4 featured the first significant redesign ofApple's flagship device
and was unveiled on June 7 and released on June 24, 2010. Steve Jobs said the
phone was the thinnest in the world at the time, with a new stainless steel
frame and chemically strengthened glass.Along with physical features, the phone
debuted with Apple's new high-resolution Retina Display: a liquid crystal
display with a pixel density of 326 pixels per inch.Also introduced was Apple's
A4 chip with iOS 4, multitasking and FaceTime video chat. It was also the first
iPhone to include a front-facing camera.The iPhone 4 sold more than 1.7 million
units in the first three days and would remain the flagship iPhone for more than
a year until October 2011.

IPHONE 4S OCT. 14, 2011 (left) Dubbed"the most amazing iPhone yet" the iPhone 4S
had virtually no aesthetic updates, but instead focused on improving internals
for better speed and use.The phone was announced on October 4 and released 10
days later on Oct. 14, 2011.The"S"in the iPhone 4S stood for"Siri"with Apple's
new intelligent voice-assistant premiering to the world. Upgrades were also made
in the form of the A5 chipset, a megapixel camera with 1080p recording, and iOS
5, which included iCloud, iMessage, Notification Center and more.

IPHONE 5 SEPT. 21, 2012

Less than one year later,Apple unveiled the iPhone 5, the company's sixth
generation of iPhone.The phone was unveiled on Sept. 12, 2012, and featured a
lighter and thinner aluminum body, LTE support, new Lightning adapter replacing
the traditional 30-pin connector in previous iPhone models.A bigger screen of
4-inches was introduced with the iPhone 5. Until this point, every iPhone shared
the same 3.5-inch display. Performance also received a boost in the form of an
A6 processor.The phone started at $199 for 16-gigabytes, $299 for 32-gigabytes
and $400 for 64-gigaybtes - all with a two-year contract required.

IPHONE 5C SEPT. 20, 2013 (left) For the first time,Apple would introduce two
different iPhones to be launched at the same time: the iPhone 5C and the iPhone
5S.The 5C has been marketed as a more cost-effective and kid-friendly version of
the flagship device, using the same hardware as the iPhone 5 on the inside, but
with unique color-coated backsides on the outside.The 5Cs originally cost $99
for the 16-gigabyte model and $199 for the 32-gigabyte model, both with two-year
contracts.

IPHONE 5S SEPT. 20, 2013

Considered the true successor to the iPhone 5, the iPhone 5S maintained very
similar design to its predecessor, differing only with a new sapphire metallic
ring,Touch ID and fingerprint recognition around the home button on the phone.
Combined, 9 million units of the 5S and 5C sold on the opening weekend.

IPHONE 6 AND 6 PLUS SEPT. 19, 2014 (left) The most recent version ofApple's
flagship phone, the iPhone 6 came in two versions: the regular 6 and the 6 Plus
with 4.7 inch and 5.5-inch screens respectively. Each had support for more than
20 LTE bands, and new near-field-communications features such as Apple Pay for
walletless paying. More than 10 million iPhone 6 and 6 Pluses were sold in the
first three days, setting an all-time Apple record.The phones start at $199 and
$299 respectively.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              327 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

Scalpers scalded by gray market iPhones

BYLINE: Gao Yuan

LENGTH: 634  words


Prices of smuggled iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus units plunged in Beijing as Apple
Inc and its Chinese partners prepare to deliver authorized handsets.

Prices of smuggled iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus units plunged in Beijing as Apple
Inc and its Chinese partners prepare to deliver authorized handsets on Friday.

Many local scalpers' attempt to profit from the month-long availability delay on
the Chinese mainland has proven to be a disastrous investment.

In Zhongguancun, the largest smartphone marketplace in Beijing, dealers are
obviously finding it difficult to find buyers for the unsold iPhone 6 and Plus
models.

"I haven't sold a single model since last week," said Wang Qiang, a shop owner
at Top Electronics City in Zhongguancun.

"If you could not sell all the items before the National Day holiday, then you
are pretty much in bad shape," said Wang, who has four iPhone 6 and one 6 Plus
units in hand.

The black market price for the entry-level iPhone 6 reached 10,000 yuan ($1,633)
when Apple first rolled out its latest flagship gadget on Sept 19. The amount
was enough to buy two 16-gigabyte iPhone 6 Plus in the United States.

Now, smartphone dealers are selling their leftovers at the official price, which
is 5,288 yuan for the 16 GB iPhone 6 and 6,088 yuan for 16 GB iPhone 6 Plus.

Most of the iPhones selling in Zhongguancun were smuggled from Hong Kong or the
US, where retail prices were among the lowest.

According to Wang, he will lose 3,000 to 5,000 yuan on each iPhone 6 if it is
sold at the official price.

Dealers who got supplies in September were the biggest winners, but it turned
out to be risky business for late comers, Wang said.

"It's a 'go big' or 'go home' kind of deal," he said.

The freezing iPhone sales in parallel markets do not mean that Chinese buyers
are not in favor of Apple's "bigger than bigger" product. On the contrary,
online pre-orders for both models from official channels have been sizzling.

Data from shopping website JD.com showed it has received more than 10 million
online orders as of Thursday. Technology website qq.com also estimated total
orders for Apple's two smartphone models had exceeded 20 million.

The Big Three telecom carriers refused to disclose the pre-order statistics on
Thursday. Though not all the pre-orders will culminate in actual purchases of
the device, the official launch is set to lift Apple's share in the smartphone
market on the Chinese mainland.

Xu Hao, an analyst with Beijing-based consultancy Analysys International, said
Apple's close ties with Chinese telecom carriers will help it quickly expand
sales in the first couple of months.

"Private dealers will have no room to negotiate the price with buyers because
the supply of the authorized products seems more than sufficient," Xu said.

The iPhone will become a niche player in the Chinese market in the long run as
local vendors such as Xiaomi Corp, Huawei Technologies Co Ltd and Lenovo Group
Ltd are fast catching up and making inroads into the territory previously held
by Apple and Samsung Electronics Co, said experts.

Apple is the sixth-largest smartphone brand in the country by quarterly
shipments. Its 6.3 percent second- quarter market share was overshadowed by
Xiaomi and Lenovo, who enjoyed double-digit shares, according to Analysys
International.

Xiang Ligang, an independent telecom researcher, said the iPhone 6 family will
be a "very high-end" smartphone in China in terms of price.

"Only a few Chinese buyers are ready to spend more than 6,000 yuan on such
models compared to the smartphone adoption rate in the country," Xiang said. "In
smaller cities, the iPhone 6 would continue to be a preserve of the rich," he
said.

Private dealers will have no room to negotiate the price with buyers because the
supply of the authorized products seems more than sufficient."

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              328 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

Scalpers scalded by gray market iPhones

BYLINE: Gao Yuan

LENGTH: 634  words


Prices of smuggled iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus units plunged in Beijing as Apple
Inc and its Chinese partners prepare to deliver authorized handsets.

Prices of smuggled iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus units plunged in Beijing as Apple
Inc and its Chinese partners prepare to deliver authorized handsets on Friday.

Many local scalpers' attempt to profit from the month-long availability delay on
the Chinese mainland has proven to be a disastrous investment.

In Zhongguancun, the largest smartphone marketplace in Beijing, dealers are
obviously finding it difficult to find buyers for the unsold iPhone 6 and Plus
models.

"I haven't sold a single model since last week," said Wang Qiang, a shop owner
at Top Electronics City in Zhongguancun.

"If you could not sell all the items before the National Day holiday, then you
are pretty much in bad shape," said Wang, who has four iPhone 6 and one 6 Plus
units in hand.

The black market price for the entry-level iPhone 6 reached 10,000 yuan ($1,633)
when Apple first rolled out its latest flagship gadget on Sept 19. The amount
was enough to buy two 16-gigabyte iPhone 6 Plus in the United States.

Now, smartphone dealers are selling their leftovers at the official price, which
is 5,288 yuan for the 16 GB iPhone 6 and 6,088 yuan for 16 GB iPhone 6 Plus.

Most of the iPhones selling in Zhongguancun were smuggled from Hong Kong or the
US, where retail prices were among the lowest.

According to Wang, he will lose 3,000 to 5,000 yuan on each iPhone 6 if it is
sold at the official price.

Dealers who got supplies in September were the biggest winners, but it turned
out to be risky business for late comers, Wang said.

"It's a 'go big' or 'go home' kind of deal," he said.

The freezing iPhone sales in parallel markets do not mean that Chinese buyers
are not in favor of Apple's "bigger than bigger" product. On the contrary,
online pre-orders for both models from official channels have been sizzling.

Data from shopping website JD.com showed it has received more than 10 million
online orders as of Thursday. Technology website qq.com also estimated total
orders for Apple's two smartphone models had exceeded 20 million.

The Big Three telecom carriers refused to disclose the pre-order statistics on
Thursday. Though not all the pre-orders will culminate in actual purchases of
the device, the official launch is set to lift Apple's share in the smartphone
market on the Chinese mainland.

Xu Hao, an analyst with Beijing-based consultancy Analysys International, said
Apple's close ties with Chinese telecom carriers will help it quickly expand
sales in the first couple of months.

"Private dealers will have no room to negotiate the price with buyers because
the supply of the authorized products seems more than sufficient," Xu said.

The iPhone will become a niche player in the Chinese market in the long run as
local vendors such as Xiaomi Corp, Huawei Technologies Co Ltd and Lenovo Group
Ltd are fast catching up and making inroads into the territory previously held
by Apple and Samsung Electronics Co, said experts.

Apple is the sixth-largest smartphone brand in the country by quarterly
shipments. Its 6.3 percent second- quarter market share was overshadowed by
Xiaomi and Lenovo, who enjoyed double-digit shares, according to Analysys
International.

Xiang Ligang, an independent telecom researcher, said the iPhone 6 family will
be a "very high-end" smartphone in China in terms of price.

"Only a few Chinese buyers are ready to spend more than 6,000 yuan on such
models compared to the smartphone adoption rate in the country," Xiang said. "In
smaller cities, the iPhone 6 would continue to be a preserve of the rich," he
said.

Private dealers will have no room to negotiate the price with buyers because the
supply of the authorized products seems more than sufficient."

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              329 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                            October 14, 2014 Tuesday

New iPhones in SA this month

LENGTH: 368 words


Apple says the new iPhones will be available in SA on 24 October
    In a move described as the fastest iPhone rollout, Apple has announced SA
will be included among 36 countries and territories stocking the new iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus devices by the end of October. Local operators have yet to
indicate how much the smartphones will cost.


The devices were launched (../?id=137515:Apple-unveils-bigger,-faster-iPhones)
last month in one of the most anticipated tech events of the year, with Apple
reporting record sales
(../index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=137874:Apple-sees-record-sales-
of-new-iPhone&catid=260) of more than 10 million in the first three days. They
were first available in the US, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong,
Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the UK.
Apple says its current launch phase leading up to the end of this month will
include countries across Europe, Asia, the Middle East, Latin America and
Africa.
The company says the new devices will be available in a total of 69 countries
and territories by the end of October and are on track to be available in more
than 115 countries by the end of 2014.
Shortly after Apple's global launch, local e-commerce merchant Online Bargains
said (../?id=137713:New-iPhone-for-R16-499) customers could expect to fork out
R16 499 for iPhone 6 pre-orders, although its current offer
(http://www.onlinebargains.co.za/iphone-6.aspx?keyword=iphone%205) is R11 599
for the 16GB version.
announced (../?id=137517:iPhone-owners-offered-cash-back) iPhone owners are
entitled to a guaranteed cash back of up to R5 000 for older models,
irrespective of where it was bought or where the cellular contract was
initiated.
In a statement released today, iStore said: "The current trade-in values are R5
000 for an iPhone 5S, R4 000 for an iPhone 5C or iPhone 5, R2 500 for an iPhone
4S, and R1 500 for an iPhone 4."
The company added it is "the only national chain that offers iPhone contracts
and upgrades on all cellular networks (Vodacom, MTN, Telkom Mobile and Cell C),
regardless of where you signed up originally for your current contract".
Vodacom will open up pre-orders for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus on 17
October.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              330 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                                October 17, 2014

Scalpers scalded by gray market iPhones

BYLINE: Gao Yuan

LENGTH: 635  words


Prices of smuggled iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus units plunged in Beijing as Apple
Inc and its Chinese partners prepare to deliver authorized handsets on Friday.

Prices of smuggled iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus units plunged in Beijing as Apple
Inc and its Chinese partners prepare to deliver authorized handsets on Friday.

Many local scalpers' attempt to profit from the month-long availability delay on
the Chinese mainland has proven to be a disastrous investment.

In Zhongguancun, the largest smartphone marketplace in Beijing, dealers are
obviously finding it difficult to find buyers for the unsold iPhone 6 and Plus
models.

"I haven't sold a single model since last week," said Wang Qiang, a shop owner
at Top Electronics City in Zhongguancun.

"If you could not sell all the items before the National Day holiday, then you
are pretty much in bad shape," said Wang, who has four iPhone 6 and one 6 Plus
units in hand.

The black market price for the entry-level iPhone 6 reached 10,000 yuan ($1,633)
when Apple first rolled out its latest flagship gadget on Sept 19. The amount
was enough to buy two 16-gigabyte iPhone 6 Plus in the United States.

Now, smartphone dealers are selling their leftovers at the official price, which
is 5,288 yuan for the 16 GB iPhone 6 and 6,088 yuan for 16 GB iPhone 6 Plus.

Most of the iPhones selling in Zhongguancun were smuggled from Hong Kong or the
US, where retail prices were among the lowest.

According to Wang, he will lose 3,000 to 5,000 yuan on each iPhone 6 if it is
sold at the official price.

Dealers who got supplies in September were the biggest winners, but it turned
out to be risky business for late comers, Wang said.

"It's a 'go big' or 'go home' kind of deal," he said.

The freezing iPhone sales in parallel markets do not mean that Chinese buyers
are not in favor of Apple's "bigger than bigger" product. On the contrary,
online pre-orders for both models from official channels have been sizzling.

Data from shopping website JD.com showed it has received more than 10 million
online orders as of Thursday. Technology website qq.com also estimated total
orders for Apple's two smartphone models had exceeded 20 million.

The Big Three telecom carriers refused to disclose the pre-order statistics on
Thursday. Though not all the pre-orders will culminate in actual purchases of
the device, the official launch is set to lift Apple's share in the smartphone
market on the Chinese mainland.

Xu Hao, an analyst with Beijing-based consultancy Analysys International, said
Apple's close ties with Chinese telecom carriers will help it quickly expand
sales in the first couple of months.

"Private dealers will have no room to negotiate the price with buyers because
the supply of the authorized products seems more than sufficient," Xu said.

The iPhone will become a niche player in the Chinese market in the long run as
local vendors such as Xiaomi Corp, Huawei Technologies Co Ltd and Lenovo Group
Ltd are fast catching up and making inroads into the territory previously held
by Apple and Samsung Electronics Co, said experts.

Apple is the sixth-largest smartphone brand in the country by quarterly
shipments. Its 6.3 percent second- quarter market share was overshadowed by
Xiaomi and Lenovo, who enjoyed double-digit shares, according to Analysys
International.

Xiang Ligang, an independent telecom researcher, said the iPhone 6 family will
be a "very high-end" smartphone in China in terms of price.

"Only a few Chinese buyers are ready to spend more than 6,000 yuan on such
models compared to the smartphone adoption rate in the country," Xiang said. "In
smaller cities, the iPhone 6 would continue to be a preserve of the rich," he
said.

Private dealers will have no room to negotiate the price with buyers because the
supply of the authorized products seems more than sufficient."

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              331 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     September 16, 2014 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Craze of iPhone continues, Apple iPhone 6 records over 4 million pre-orders in
24 hours

LENGTH: 264  words


Apple has announced that its new generation Iphone 6 and Iphone 6 Plus have out
passed a whopping four million pre-orders in first 24 hours after the phones
went up on pre-orders. These new phones have broken all the previous pre-order
records set by iPhone.

Tim Cook, Apple's CEO has said that "Pre-orders for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
set a new record for Apple, and we can't wait to get our best iPhones yet into
the hands of customers starting this Friday."

The company mentions that though it will start delivering a significant amount
of phones beginning this Friday (September 19) and will continue doing so
throughout September, some iPhone pre-orders will be delivered in October.

Consumers will also be able to buy iPhones on apple retail store from September
19, though people might not receive the units immediately as the delivery of
these will depend on stock available at the time of purchase.

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available in the US, Australia, Canada,
France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the UK beginning
this Friday, September 19. In addition to that, the company has also mentioned
the name of those 20 countries in which the sale for new iPhones will begin on
September 26. These countries include Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland,
Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Netherlands, New
Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Qatar, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Spain, Sweden,
Switzerland, Taiwan, Turkey and United Arab Emirates. This further kills even
the slightest of hope around Apple iPhone 6's India launch in September.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              332 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

Apple takes on rivals with new larger-screen iPhone 6;
US firm plays catch-up with new models sporting up to 5.5-inch screen

BYLINE: Trevor Tan In Cupertino (california)

SECTION: TOP OF THE NEWS

LENGTH: 701 words


Find out more about the features on Apple's new phones and what people say about
them at www.straitstimes.com

APPLE is gearing up for a fight with its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
smartphones, both of which were announced on Tuesday at the Flint Centre for the
Performing Arts in Cupertino, California.

While both devices mark the first time that an iPhone display has exceeded four
inches, the American firm is playing catch-up with its Android, Windows Phone
and BlackBerry competitors, all of whom launched large-screen devices as far
back as 2011.

The new iPhone 6 sports a 4.7-inch display while its "phablet" cousin, the
iPhone 6 Plus, has a 5.5-inch display. The iPhone 5s has only a four-inch
display. The term "phablet", a portmanteau of phone and tablet, refers to
smartphones with a display size of between 5.01 inches and 6.9 inches.

Size matters, according to the likes of Nokia, BlackBerry, Sony, HTC and LG, who
have all achieved success with larger displays. Many current flagship
smartphones, such as the Sony Xperia Z2 and LG G2, sport screen sizes of 5.2
inches and above.

According to research firm Canalys, phablets represent 34 per cent of smartphone
shipments globally, and 43 per cent in Asia.

Research firm GfK said more than 1.1 million phablets, worth US$567 million
(S$716 million), were sold in South-east Asia in the first quarter of the year.

According to research company IDC, Apple's global market share fell to 11.7 per
cent in the second quarter of this year, from 13 per cent over the same period
last year, as consumers held out for the launch of the anticipated larger-screen
iPhone 6.

"The introduction of larger-screen iPhones eliminates a key differentiator that
has insulated Samsung, Sony, HTC and LG large-screen flagship smartphones from
iPhone competition," said Mr Ian Fogg, senior director at research firm IHS
Technology.

It forecasts that with the new iPhone 6 devices, Apple will overtake Microsoft,
which now sells Nokia phones, to ship the second largest number of mobile
handsets this year, after Samsung.

Marketing manager Daniel Lee, 34, is one user considering the switch to the
iPhone 6 Plus from his Samsung Galaxy S4. "I don't like the fact that I have to
manually set everything each time I change an Android smartphone."

iPhone users need only to sync their new smartphone with the iTunes software, to
retain all the settings and messages from their previous iPhones.

But while Apple has caught up in terms of physical size, it is still behind on
several features found in other smartphones.

Samsung is slated to launch its 5.6-inch Galaxy Note Edge smartphone, which has
a curved screen that creates a two-sided display, next month. It also boasts a
Quad high-definition screen that is said to be sharper than the Retina HD
display on the new iPhone 6.

The Note Edge also has a 16MP camera, versus the 8MP camera in the new iPhone 6
models as well as in the last three iPhones.

Still, Apple's iOS operating system has been lauded for its ease of use, and
that is what matters to Apple loyalists such as quantity surveyor Vivian Tan,
41.

"As long as it is easy to use and produces good images, I do not care how many
megapixels my phone's camera has."

One new advantage Apple has over its competitors is that it has finally included
near field communication (NFC), a short-range wireless link between two devices
held near each other.

The NFC feature will be used with the company's new Apple Pay service, a
wireless payment method that allows users to store their credit card details in
their iTunes account on their phones.

Apple Pay will work directly with American Express, MasterCard and Visa credit
cards.

To make payments, users just need to tap their iPhone 6 against an NFC sensor,
and authorise payment through a biometric sensor on the iPhone 6.

Apple Pay is rolling out first in the US next month and Apple chief executive
Tim Cook said the company is actively looking to expand Apple Pay to more
merchants and other countries.

Both phones go on sale in Singapore on Friday next week.

trevtan@sph.com.sg

SEE WORLD, OPINION

Find out more about the features on Apple's new phones and what people say about
them at www.straitstimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              333 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     February 3, 2016 Wednesday 3:29 PM GMT

Apple's iPhone 7 will correct two of the iPhone 6's most irritating design
flaws;
Will Apple correct these two annoying design flaws that have been driving iPhone
6 and 6s owners to despair?

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 466 words


Apple's forthcoming iPhone 7 will correct two of the iPhone 6's most irritating
design flaws, according to a new report.

When Apple first unveiled the iPhone 6 in 2014, some customers complained that
the camera lens, which sticks out from the back of the device by around a
millimeter, prevented the device from lying flat on a table.

Apple claimed that the protruding camera was a necessary trade-off, allowing
Jony Ive's team of designers to cram advanced optics into the iPhone 6, making
it the "best smartphone camera ever".

As a result, the same design flaw was carried over to the iPhone 6s, which
launched in 2015.

But now MacRumors is reporting that the camera on the upcoming iPhone 7 will sit
flush with the rear casing thanks to a thinner camera module, citing "a source
who has provided reliable information in the past".

This means there will no longer be a camera "bump" on the back of the device.

Have your say in the comments section below

Recent rumours suggest that Apple is planning to equip the 5.5-inch iPhone 7
Plus with a dual-lens rear camera, while the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 will include a
more traditional camera.

MacRumours also reports that, for the iPhone 7, Apple is planning to remove the
white plastic bands across the back of the the current generation of iPhones,
reinforcing previous rumours.

Some customers complain that these white bands ruin the aesthetics of the iPhone
, which is otherwise entirely encased in aluminium and glass.

However, they are necessary because radio waves struggle to penetrate metal, so
the plastic strips allow mobile signals to reach the antennas.

Read more: Latest release date, news and price rumours on Apple's iPhone 7

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

The rumoured removal of these bands suggests that the body of the next iPhone
may not be made from metal at all, but some other kind of material.

The iPhone 7 is not expected to be unveiled until September 2016, but there are
already plenty of rumours that give hints about what Apple is planning.

Other rumours suggest that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof and dustproof, and
feature a higher resolution display, faster processor, and wireless charging.

It has also been suggested that Apple might ditch both the 3.5mm headphone jack
and the iconic Home button, to make more room inside for a bigger battery, while
keeping the device as slim as possible.

Losing the headphone jack would be a particularly contentious move, as it would
force users to abandon potentially expensive headphones in favour of those with
an Apple-approved Lightning connector.

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

Life hacks for your iPhone

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              334 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     February 3, 2016 Wednesday 2:37 PM GMT

Apple's iPhone 7 will correct two of the iPhone 6's most irritating design
flaws;
Will Apple correct these two annoying design flaws that have been driving iPhone
6 and 6s owners to despair?

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 467 words


Apple's forthcoming iPhone 7 will correct two of the iPhone 6's most irritating
design flaws, according to a new report.

When Apple first unveiled the iPhone 6 in 2014, some customers complained that
the camera lens, which sticks out from the back of the device by around a
millimeter, prevented the device from lying flat on a table.

Apple claimed that the protruding camera was a necessary trade-off, allowing
Jony Ive's team of designers to cram advanced optics into the iPhone 6, making
it the "best smartphone camera ever".

As a result, the same design flaw was carried over to the iPhone 6s, which
launched in 2015.

But now MacRumors is reporting that the camera on the upcoming iPhone 7 will sit
flush with the rear casing, thanks to a thinner camera module, citing "a source
who has provided reliable information in the past".

This means there will no longer be a camera "bump" on the back of the device.

Have your say in the comments section below

Recent rumours suggest that Apple is planning to equip the 5.5-inch iPhone 7
Plus with a dual-lens rear camera, while the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 will include a
more traditional camera.

MacRumours also reports that, for the iPhone 7, Apple is planning to remove the
white plastic bands across the back of the the current generation of iPhones,
reinforcing previous rumours.

Some customers complain that these white bands ruin the aesthetics of the
iPhones, which are otherwise entirely encased in aluminium and glass.

However, they are necessary because radio waves struggle to penetrate metal, so
the plastic strips allow mobile signals to reach the antennas.

Read more: Latest release date, news and price rumours on Apple's iPhone 7

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

The rumoured removal of these bands suggests that the body of the next iPhone
may not be made from metal at all, but some other kind of material.

The iPhone 7 is not expected to be unveiled until September 2016, but there are
already plenty of rumours that give hints about what Apple is planning.

Other rumours suggest that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof and dustproof, and
feature a higher resolution display, faster processor, and wireless charging.

It has also been suggested that Apple might ditch both the 3.5mm headphone jack
and the iconic Home button, to make more room inside for a bigger battery, while
keeping the device as slim as possible.

Losing the headphone jack would be a particularly contentious move, as it would
force users to abandon potentially expensive headphones in favour of those with
an Apple-approved Lightning connector.

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

Life hacks for your iPhone

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              335 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     February 3, 2016 Wednesday 1:41 PM GMT

Apple's iPhone 7 will correct two of the iPhone 6's most irritating design
flaws;
Will Apple correct these two annoying design flaws that have been driving iPhone
6 and 6s owners to despair?

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 467 words


Apple's forthcoming iPhone 7 will correct two of the iPhone 6's most irritating
design flaws, according to a new report.

When Apple first unveiled the iPhone 6 in 2014, some customers complained that
the camera lens, which sticks out from the back of the device by around a
millimeter, prevented the device from lying flat on a table.

Apple claimed that the protruding camera was a necessary trade-off, allowing
Jony Ive's team of designers to cram advanced optics into the iPhone 6, making
it the "best smartphone camera ever".

As a result, the same design flaw was carried over to the iPhone 6s, which
launched in 2015.

But now MacRumors is reporting that the camera on the upcoming iPhone 7 will sit
flush with the rear casing, thanks to a thinner camera module, citing "a source
who has provided reliable information in the past".

This means there will no longer be a camera "bump" on the back of the device.

Have your say in the comments section below

Recent rumours suggest that Apple is planning to equip the 5.5-inch iPhone 7
Plus with a dual-lens rear camera, while the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 will include a
more traditional camera.

MacRumours also reports that, for the iPhone 7, Apple is planning to remove the
white plastic bands across the back of the the current generation of iPhones,
reinforcing previous rumours.

Some customers complain that these white bands ruin the aesthetics of the
iPhones, which are otherwise entirely encased in aluminium and glass.

However, they are necessary because radio waves struggle to penetrate metal, so
the plastic strips allow mobile signals to reach the antennas.

Read more: Latest release date, news and price rumours on Apple's iPhone 7

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

The rumoured removal of these bands suggests that the body of the next iPhone
may not be made from metal at all, but some other kind of material.

The iPhone 7 is not expected to be unveiled until September 2016, but there are
already plenty of rumours that give hints about what Apple is planning.

Other rumours suggest that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof and dustproof, and
feature a higher resolution display, faster processor, and wireless charging.

It has also been suggested that Apple might ditch both the 3.5mm headphone jack
and the iconic Home button, to make more room inside for a bigger battery, while
keeping the device as slim as possible.

Losing the headphone jack would be a particularly contentious move, as it would
force users to abandon potentially expensive headphones in favour of those with
an Apple-approved Lightning connector.

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

Life hacks for your iPhone

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              336 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Chinese carriers' iPhone 6 pre-order pages go offline

LENGTH: 274  words


Chinese largest carriers China Mobile Communications Corporation, China Unicom
and China Telecom all have removed the web pages for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
pre-order service.

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an Apple event announcing the iPhone 6 and the
Apple Watch at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014.
[Photo/Agencies]

Graphic: How iPhone 6 stacks up against other smartphones

Chinese largest carriers China Mobile Communications Corporation, China Unicom
and China Telecom all have removed the web pages for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
pre-order service, which was launched earlier this month.

Both China Unicom and China Mobile offered some information on Apple Inc's
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus on their pre-order web pages, including the price and
two different display sizes before the launch of the phones.

China Mobile received 30,000 orders in just two hours after unveiling the
pre-order pages, China Economic Net reported Tuesday.

An insider at China's online shopping mall JD.com Inc told cnr.cn on Tuesday
that the company would explore new promotion methods through the cooperation
with finance industry or other business sectors.

Song Yang, vice-president of Paipai.com, an e-commerce platform owned by JD.com,
also said on Tuesday that they had already prepared a specific section for
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus sales on its website. The sales webpage has been
launched Wednesday.

Analyst Wang Jun from Analysys International said that for high-end cell phones,
there is not much difference between iOS and Android operation systems when it
comes to specifications, operation, market share and application.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              337 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

Biz Break: Apple gains as iPhone 6 may near approval by China

BYLINE: By Mike Murphy mmurphy@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: NEWS; Business

LENGTH: 903 words


Today: The iPhone 6 is reportedly in the 'final stage' of approval process in
China, with lucrative sales likely not far behind. Also, Facebook surges as it
readies new ad platform, and Google sinks as EU widens its investigation into
it.

The lead: Apple may not have to wait much longer to sell iPhone 6 in China

Apple shares, which had been mostly lackluster for the past week, received a
shot in the arm Tuesday after a report that its new iPhone 6 is in "the final
stage of the approval process" in China. Apple jumped 1.56 percent, ot $1.58 to
$102.64.

Sources inside China's Ministry of Industry and Information Technology told
Chinese news site Tencent that the review is expected to be completed "very
soon," Reuters reported.

Approval would be a boon to Apple, which sold more than 10 million new iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Pluses last weekend despite the devices not yet being available in
China, the world's biggest smartphone market. About 15 to 20 percent of all
iPhone sales come from China.

It's no secret that Apple is eager to win approval from Chinese regulators. The
country is in the process of transitioning from 3G networks to 4G, a change that
could bode well for future iPhone sales as Chinese customers are waiting to
upgrade. "We believe consumers in China are on pause as they eagerly await the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus," Cantor Fitzgerald analyst Brian White wrote in a
note.

A Morgan Stanley report also found huge demand for the bigger-screen iPhone 6
Plus, with 51 percent of current Chinese iPhone owners indicating they would
want to upgrade to that.

Meanwhile, some Chinese consumers aren't waiting for the official release;
there's a thriving black market in smuggled iPhone 6's, the Washington Post
reported, with prices on the street as much as 10 times the retail price.

That pent-up demand, along with booming U.S. sales, has many analysts bullish on
Apple's future.

Opening weekend sales were "even more impressive given lack of initial China
availability," Goldman Sacs analyst Bill Shope wrote in a note. UBS analyst
Steve Milunvich agreed, noting sales were "respectable considering lack of final
approval in China (expected shortly) and supply constraints." Brian Blair of
Rosenblatt Securities noted that demand far exceeded supply: "If Apple had made
15 million iPhone 6 units available in the opening weekend, we think they would
have sold them all."

Some experts believe momentum from Apple's weekend, which generated an estimated
$7 billion in sales, will push overall Apple sales past $200 billion this year,
compared to $171 billion in 2013. "Apple's going to have a monster quarter," BGC
Financial analyst Colin Gillis told the Merc's Julia Love on Monday.

SV150 market report: Facebook jumps as it unveils new ad platform to battle
Google

Wall Street took a hit Tuesday, as investors pulled back after poor economic
news from Europe combined with concern over the fallout from U.S. airstrikes
against terrorist targets in Syria. Tech stocks were affected the least though,
and the SV150 even managed meager gains.

Facebook jumped 1.94 percent, or $1.49, to $78.29, after the Wall Street Journal
reported the Menlo Park social media giant would release a new ad platform next
week to help it better compete against Google for online ad dominance. Yahoo
stopped its stock freefall in the wake of Alibaba's record IPO, gaining 1.03
percent, or 40 cents, to $39.05, after confirming the purchase of Bookpad, an
Indian startup whose document-viewing product has been compared to Google Docs.
Alibaba, meanwhile, slipped another 3 percent, or $2.72, to $87.18. Shares have
fallen almost 8 percent since peaking after its IPO on Friday.

Google fell 1.02 percent, or $6.09, to $591.18, after Europe's antitrust chief
said his organization may expand its investigation of the Mountain View Internet
giant. "We have received complaints on the possible diversion of Internet
traffic toward Google services which are not search services, so this is a
possible third investigation concerning Google," commissioner Joaquin Almunia
told a European Parliament panel, according to Reuters.

San Mateo's SolarCity dipped 0.72 percent, or 44 cents, to $60.40, after breakig
ground on a new solar-panel factory in Buffalo, N.Y. Oracle, Hewlett-Packard and
Cisco all dropped around 1 percent after each of the three were rumored to be in
separate merger talks with data-storage maker EMC. Zynga tumbled 1.64 percent,
or 5 cents, to $3, after reports that its latest NFL game is flopping with
consumers. Milpitas-based chip-maker Nanometrics plunged 4.44 percent, or 72
cents, to $15.51, after being downgraded by Canaccord Genuity, and Palo Alto's
Jive Software dropped 3.72 percent, or 23 cents, to $5.96, hitting its 52-week
low amid a 54 percent slide over the past year.

Silicon Valley tech stocks

Up: Apple, eBay, Yahoo, Netflix, Facebook, Tesla, Twitter

Down: Google, Oracle, Intel, Cisco, HP, Gilead, VMware, Juniper, Zynga, LinkedIn

The SV150 index of Silicon Valley's biggest companies: Up 0.16, or 0.01 percent,
to 1,607.08.

The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index: Down 19, or 0.42 percent, to 4,508.69.

The blue chip Dow Jones industrial average: Down 116.81 or 0.68 percent, to
17,055.87.

And the widely watched Standard & Poor's 500 index: Down 11.52, or 0.58 percent,
to 1,982.77.

Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com .
Follow Mike Murphy at twitter.com/mmmmurf .

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              338 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Long waits for new iPhone 6; Apple's latest smartphone offerings prompt record
number of pre-orders

BYLINE: Tim Higgins And Doni Bloomfield, Edmonton Journal

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C8

LENGTH: 406 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Apple Inc.'s new iPhones will take as many as four weeks to ship, a sign that
early demand for the smartphones is outstripping supply.

The iPhone 6 Plus, which has a larger display, will take three to four weeks for
shoppers who pre-ordered online as of Friday, according to Apple's website, as
people rushed to buy the smartphones hours after the company began taking
pre-orders. Certain models of the iPhone 6, which has a slightly smaller screen,
will take seven to 10 business days to arrive, though some versions are still
available for delivery on Sept. 19, when the devices are set to officially go on
sale in stores.

"Response to iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus has been incredible, with a record
number of pre-orders overnight," Trudy Muller, a spokeswoman with Cupertino,
Calif.-based Apple, said Friday.

Apple CEO Tim Cook is counting on the new devices to usher in demand for other
products he introduced this week, from the iPhone-compatible Apple Watch to the
credit card-substituting Apple Pay service. Demand for the latest iPhone is the
greatest ATT Inc. has seen in two years, Ralph de la Vega, CEO of its mobile
division, said Friday at a Goldman Sachs media conference.

This isn't the first time Apple and phone carriers have seen iPhone models
delayed well before they were available in stores. In 2012, the iPhone 5 was
delayed for shipment by a week after a rush of orders, and in 2011 the iPhone 4S
sold out at ATT, Verizon Wireless, and Sprint Nextel Corp. only five days after
pre-orders began.

The iPhone 6 has a 4.7-inch display and the iPhone 6 Plus has a 5.5-inch one,
while the previous iPhones have a four-inch screen.

Customers took to Twitter to complain of difficulties loading Apple's website to
place pre-orders early Friday morning.

While the company normally doesn't disclose figures for its production runs of
new products, it typically has a supply of its new devices in stores on the
first day.

Carriers, which typically offer deals when a new iPhone comes out aiming to
capitalize on sales of the device to lure more data-hungry smartphone users and
bolster their market share, are again offering incentives that may be bolstering
interest.

The iPhone remains the most important piece of Apple's business. The handset
accounted for about half of Apple's $171 billion in revenue in its last fiscal
year, and with sales of the iPad slowing, the company needs to keep the iPhone a
blockbuster to maintain growth.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Oli Scarff, Getty Images; Shoppers wait in tents outside the Apple
Store on Regent Street in London, England. The iPhone remains the most important
piece of Apple's business, generating $171 billion in revenue in its last fiscal
year.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Edmonton Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              339 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            November 28, 2014 Friday
                                 First Edition

Telco's magic number: Six

BYLINE: David Ramli

SECTION: INFORMATION; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 369 words


SingTel-Optus's release of Apple's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus smartphones was the most
successful device launch in the company's history.

Optus postpaid marketing director Tim Cowan said the company had its most
successful week of sales from the devices' launch in September.

"Clearly there's competitive pressure with the three big players in the market,"
he said. "The iPhone 6 period has really heightened that and the device has
driven more demand than anyone would've really expected.

"We sold out of iPhone 6s and it exceeded our previous high, which happened with
the launch of Apple's iPhone 5s."

Optus's experience is similar to Telstra's, whose retail group executive Gordon
Ballantyne said in October its iPhone 6 launch had recorded significantly better
results than previous devices. In both cases, the shortage of supply led to
complaints from customers about waiting times for the new phone.

Morgan Stanley in September predicted the iPhone 6 launch would shake up the
market by giving Telstra an overall increase in its market share.

Optus was due to stay flat, with Vodafone Hutchison Australia losing a small
percentage. This would help deliver $300 million to $500 million extra mobile
revenue for Telstra, the investment bank said.

Mr Cowan said the iPhone 6 had increased the number of SingTel-Optus's
subscribers overall.

The number of iPhone 6 devices in the market may increase the amount of data
being downloaded because it can send and receive at faster rates.

In November, SingTel Singapore consumer chief executive Yuen Kuan Moon was asked
by analysts about the effect of Apple's iPhone 6 on the amount of data being
downloaded, which in turn affects how much money the company can make.

"iPhone 6 is similar to the latest Samsung Note 4 [because] both are Cat 6
devices which mean ... they can actually transmit data at a much-faster speed,"
he said.

"So we would expect users to eventually use more because of the better
experience.

"It's still early days and it's only about two months since the phone was
launched ... but the initial trend tells us that we believe our customers who
have bought these new phones are actually using a bit more data."

The author visited Singapore courtesy of SingTel-Optus.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple's iPhone 6 is a hit for both SingTel-Optus and Telstra. Photo:
Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              340 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            February 13, 2015 Friday

Diamond-studded iPhone launched for Valentine's day

BYLINE: Komal Mohan

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 290 words


NEW DELHI: If you want to want to find nothing but the most luxurious gadget
gift for your valentine, then we have some good news for you.

Goldgenie, which specializes in high-end customized versions of high-tech
products, is launching the 24K Gold iPhone 6 Diamond Ecstasy limited edition for
Valentine's day.

According to the website, the phone will be customized exactly according to the
buyer's demand and depending on this, the phone 's price will start at $15,000
and go way up to $3.5 million.

Available in choice for 24-carat gold, rose gold or in platinum, the Diamond
Ecstasy iPhone is also offered with laser-engraved message on the rear of the
phone.

Just to recap, the two iPhone models take Apple to the big-screen smartphone
segment, sporting 4.7- and 5.5-inch screens respectively. The iPhone 6's
4.7-inch display sports a resolution of 1334x750p, while the iPhone 6 Plus'
5.5-inch display sports a resolution of 1920x1080p. iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are the
thinnest ever Apple has ever made. iPhone 5S and 5 are 7.6mm thick, but iPhone 6
and 6 Plus are even thinner at 6.8mm and 7.1mm respectively.

Powered by the new A8 processor, iPhone 6 is up to 50% more energy efficient, so
you can have higher sustained performance, claimed Apple. The 64-bit CPU
architecture-based A8 processor is 20% faster in application processing and 50%
faster in rendering graphics compared to its predecessor. It is able to sustain
performance-intensive tasks like playing a game at higher frame rates.

The two iPhone 6 models sport an 8MP iSight camera that features phase
detection. Despite no increase in camera resolution, iPhone 6 takes 43MP
panorama photos.

Follow TOI Tech on Twitter >>>

And like us on Facebook >>>

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              341 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                      Khaleej Times (United Arab Emirates)

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

TRA warns of fake iPhone 6 in market

LENGTH: 371 words


Customers must retain the receipt of iPhone 6 purchases and call the police if
they find a device is counterfeit, says UAE Telecom Regulatory Authority.

Tens of fake iPhone 6 handsets have been confiscated from across the UAE,
prompting the authorities to warn customers against illegal purchase of the
latest Apple smart phone model which was launched in the UAE on Friday.

Potential iPhone 6 buyers have been asked to make their purchases only from
authorised Apple retailers and they should check the official Apple website to
ensure that the features of the phone match the handset's box and packaging
before buying a handset, the Telecommunications Regulatory Authority (TRA) said
in a media statement on Tuesday.

Customers must retain the receipt of iPhone 6 purchases and call the police if
they find a device is counterfeit, the authority said. It also pointed out that
counterfeit iPhone 6 devices will not be able to connect to iTunes.

There have been reports of fake iPhone 6 devices on sale in China. The TRA said
it conducted an official investigation into reports of illegal and counterfeit
iPhone 6 handsets on sale in the UAE in cooperation with other departments
concerned.

"As a result of the investigation, a series of counterfeit iPhone 6 handsets
have been confiscated from various locations across the UAE. Based on the
investigation, the TRA has issued a series of recommendations to the public to
generate awareness," the statement said.

"The Type Approval department of the TRA will continue to work alongside all
relevant bodies to tackle the trade of illegal devices in the UAE."

The TRA's announcement comes at a time when the UAE market is experiencing a
huge demand for iPhone 6 handsets. Many approved retailers were running out of
stock and top retailers have been finding it difficult to meet the demand at the
ongoing Gitex Shopper.

While a leading retailer was reportedly selling just 10 units of iPhone 6 16GB
model for Dh2,749, a rival company was offering the same for Dh3,025 at Gitex
Shopper on Tuesday. Khaleej Times also spotted that a UAE-based website was
offering iPhone 6 Plus 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models with FaceTime for Dh3,999,
Dh4,450 and Dh5,199, respectively.

sajila@khaleejtimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 44


   Copyright 2014 Khaleej Times - Galadari Printing and Publishing Co. L.L.C.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              342 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

License trips iPhone retailers in China

SECTION: INDUSTRIES

LENGTH: 163 words


Although China's largest carriers have been ready to roll out iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus, the cell phones are now reportedly waiting for China's network
access license from the stry of Industry and Information Technology.

The ministry usually distributes licenses twice a month. But as the new iPhone
had missed the deadline earlier this month, another chance might come near the
end of this month, China Business News reported Thursday.

Chinese largest carriers China Mobile Communications Corporation, China Unicom
and  all have removed the web pages for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus pre-order
service, which was launched earlier this month.

By Wednesday, China Mobile had received 72,000 pre-orders, China Unicom 15,000
and China Telecom 18,000.

Besides the three carriers, other retailers in China are also ready for iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus sales.

On Wednesday, Chinese large  sites Taobao.com and Paipai.com launched special
sections to accept iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus pre-orders.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              343 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                     The Chronicle (Toowoomba, Queensland)

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

Camera among best features

BYLINE:  Nick Houghton

SECTION: Pg. 25

LENGTH: 340  words



HIGHLIGHT: Photographer sees iPhone 6 as must-have

Key Features

Larger screen:The screen on the iPhone 6 is 4.7 inches, while the iPhone 6 Plus
has a 5.5-inch display.

Faster Processor:Apple's new A8 chip is said to have 50% faster graphics than
the previous A7 chip.

Improved camera:The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus each have an 8MP camera,
featuring 1.5 micron pixels, an f/2.2 aperture, and a new iSight sensor.

Apple Pay:Integrated Near Field Communication technology will allow the new
iPhone to become a mobile wallet. Use your phone to make contactless purchases
at shops.

LINING up in the early hours was worth it for iPhone fan Ben Walker.

The photographer was one of the first in Toowoomba to get his hands on the
highly anticipated Apple smartphone when it went on sale at 8am yesterday.

Demand for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus was at an all-time high as hundreds
queued at mobile phone retailers across the Garden City.

"I have been an iPhone user for years, and when I heard a new one was being
released, I knew I had to have it," Mr Walker said.

"This will be my fifth iPhone, and it has come to be a vital tool for both my
work and personal life.

"They are really impressive devices, and I can't wait to have a play with all
the new features."

Mr Walker said the bigger screen and better camera were the improvements to the
iPhone 6 that he liked the most.

"As a photographer, it is very impressive to see the sort of great shots you can
now get from your phone," he said.

"I often use my phone to show clients some of my previous work, so having the
bigger and better screen will be really useful."

Telstra Country Wide area general manager Nigel Beaman said the iPhone releases
were always massive events.

"There has been a real buzz around the store. It is like a mini Christmas for
smartphone fans," Mr Beaman said.

"Due to our time zone, Australian customers are the first in the world to get
the new iPhone, which is something special.

"Our Telstra stores in Toowoomba will be opening a little bit earlier and
closing later to give Toowoomba locals a chance to get their new handsets."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TCH


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              344 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                              June 19, 2016 Sunday

Apple appeals China ruling to halt some iPhone sales

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 521 words


By Rex Crum

rcrum@bayareanewsgroup.com

CUPERTINO -- Apple said Friday that it's doing business as usual in Beijing as
the company appeals a Chinese governmental agency's ruling that banned the sale
of some iPhone models in China's capital city.

The Beijing Intellectual Property Bureau told Apple it had to stop selling the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in the city because the smartphones violated a patent
held by Chinese phonemaker Shenzhen Baili. The dispute, which has been going on
for more than a year, is over a patent covering the external design of Shenzhen
Baili's 100C phone.

However, Apple has appealed the order to halt iPhones sales, and said in a
statement, "As a result, the order has been stayed pending review by the Beijing
IP (intellectual property) court."

Apple said that during the appeal process, its iPhones, including the iPhone 6s,
iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone SE, as well as the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, "are
all available for sale today in China."

Gene Munster, an analyst who covers Apple for Piper Jaffray, said the clampdown
on the iPhones is more symbolic than anything, due to the timing of the move and
when Apple is likely to release the next iteration of the smartphone. Apple
historically holds an event in early fall to stoke enthusiasm for the newest
iPhone ahead of the Christmas and holiday shopping season.

"The bottom line is that the ruling is unlikely to have any impact on (sales)
numbers because the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus model will be discontinued in
September," Munster said. "Even if the device were banned through all of China
for the September quarter, it would likely be no more than a 2 percent to 3
percent headwind," on Apple's sales during the period.

However, the importance of the Chinese market to Apple can't be underestimated.

China surpassed Europe as Apple's second-largest revenue region last year, and
the country trails only the Americas in terms of Apple's regional sales. When
Apple reported its fiscal second-quarter results in April, revenue from China
totaled $12.5 billion, compared to the $19.1 billion that came from sales in the
Americas. Sales in China fell by 26 percent from a year ago, and the performance
of the country was one of the main reasons given for Apple's decline in
year-over-year sales for the first time since 2003.

UBS analyst Steven Milunovich agreed with Munster about the Chinese agency's
ruling on Apple's immediate business, but said the decision highlights the
tricky situation Apple faces when it comes to doing business in China. An
example of that came earlier this year, when Apple had to shut down its iBooks
store and sales of iTunes movies due to new Chinese laws against the publishing
of content by foreign companies.

"China is an existential threat to Apple in that the government could decide to
favor local suppliers," Milunovich said. "However, we view this as a long-term
risk."

Along with trying to boost its own sales in China, Apple has invested in other
opportunities in the country. In May, Apple made a $1 billion investment in
ride-sharing company Didi Chuxing, which is considered to be the top rival to
Uber in China.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              345 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                              June 19, 2016 Sunday

Apple appeals China ruling to halt some iPhone sales

BYLINE: Sentinel & Enterprise

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 521 words


By Rex Crum

rcrum@bayareanewsgroup.com

CUPERTINO -- Apple said Friday that it's doing business as usual in Beijing as
the company appeals a Chinese governmental agency's ruling that banned the sale
of some iPhone models in China's capital city.

The Beijing Intellectual Property Bureau told Apple it had to stop selling the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in the city because the smartphones violated a patent
held by Chinese phonemaker Shenzhen Baili. The dispute, which has been going on
for more than a year, is over a patent covering the external design of Shenzhen
Baili's 100C phone.

However, Apple has appealed the order to halt iPhones sales, and said in a
statement, "As a result, the order has been stayed pending review by the Beijing
IP (intellectual property) court."

Apple said that during the appeal process, its iPhones, including the iPhone 6s,
iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone SE, as well as the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, "are
all available for sale today in China."

Gene Munster, an analyst who covers Apple for Piper Jaffray, said the clampdown
on the iPhones is more symbolic than anything, due to the timing of the move and
when Apple is likely to release the next iteration of the smartphone. Apple
historically holds an event in early fall to stoke enthusiasm for the newest
iPhone ahead of the Christmas and holiday shopping season.

"The bottom line is that the ruling is unlikely to have any impact on (sales)
numbers because the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus model will be discontinued in
September," Munster said. "Even if the device were banned through all of China
for the September quarter, it would likely be no more than a 2 percent to 3
percent headwind," on Apple's sales during the period.

However, the importance of the Chinese market to Apple can't be underestimated.

China surpassed Europe as Apple's second-largest revenue region last year, and
the country trails only the Americas in terms of Apple's regional sales. When
Apple reported its fiscal second-quarter results in April, revenue from China
totaled $12.5 billion, compared to the $19.1 billion that came from sales in the
Americas. Sales in China fell by 26 percent from a year ago, and the performance
of the country was one of the main reasons given for Apple's decline in
year-over-year sales for the first time since 2003.

UBS analyst Steven Milunovich agreed with Munster about the Chinese agency's
ruling on Apple's immediate business, but said the decision highlights the
tricky situation Apple faces when it comes to doing business in China. An
example of that came earlier this year, when Apple had to shut down its iBooks
store and sales of iTunes movies due to new Chinese laws against the publishing
of content by foreign companies.

"China is an existential threat to Apple in that the government could decide to
favor local suppliers," Milunovich said. "However, we view this as a long-term
risk."

Along with trying to boost its own sales in China, Apple has invested in other
opportunities in the country. In May, Apple made a $1 billion investment in
ride-sharing company Didi Chuxing, which is considered to be the top rival to
Uber in China.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              346 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

Scalpers scalded by gray market iPhones

BYLINE: Gao Yuan

LENGTH: 631  words


Prices of smuggled iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus units plunged in Beijing as Apple
Inc and its Chinese partners prepare to deliver authorized handsets on Friday.

Official launch cools demand for products smuggled from abroad

Prices of smuggled iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus units plunged in Beijing as Apple
Inc and its Chinese partners prepare to deliver authorized handsets on Friday.

Many local scalpers' attempt to profit from the month-long availability delay on
the Chinese mainland has proven to be a disastrous investment.

In Zhongguancun, the largest smartphone marketplace in Beijing, dealers are
obviously finding it difficult to find buyers for the unsold iPhone 6 and Plus
models.

"I haven't sold a single model since last week," said Wang Qiang, a shop owner
at Top Electronics City in Zhongguancun.

"If you could not sell all the items before the National Day holiday, then you
are pretty much in bad shape," said Wang, who has four iPhone 6 and one 6 Plus
units in hand.

The black market price for the entry-level iPhone 6 reached 10,000 yuan ($1,633)
when Apple first rolled out its latest flagship gadget on Sept 19. The amount
was enough to buy two 16-gigabyte iPhone 6 Plus in the United States.

Now, smartphone dealers are selling their leftovers at the official price, which
is 5,288 yuan for the 16 GB iPhone 6 and 6,088 yuan for 16 GB iPhone 6 Plus.

Most of the iPhones selling in Zhongguancun were smuggled from Hong Kong or the
US, where retail prices were among the lowest.

According to Wang, he will lose 3,000 to 5,000 yuan on each iPhone 6 if it is
sold at the official price.

Dealers who got supplies in September were the biggest winners, but it turned
out to be risky business for late comers, Wang said.

"It's a 'go big' or 'go home' kind of deal," he said.

The freezing iPhone sales in parallel markets do not mean that Chinese buyers
are not in favor of Apple's "bigger than bigger" product. On the contrary,
online pre-orders for both models from official channels have been sizzling.

Data from shopping website JD.com showed it has received more than 10 million
online orders as of Thursday. Technology website qq.com also estimated total
orders for Apple's two smartphone models had exceeded 20 million.

The Big Three telecom carriers refused to disclose the pre-order statistics on
Thursday. Though not all the pre-orders will culminate in actual purchases of
the device, the official launch is set to lift Apple's share in the smartphone
market on the Chinese mainland.

Xu Hao, an analyst with Beijing-based consultancy Analysys International, said
Apple's close ties with Chinese telecom carriers will help it quickly expand
sales in the first couple of months.

"Private dealers will have no room to negotiate the price with buyers because
the supply of the authorized products seems more than sufficient," Xu said.

The iPhone will become a niche player in the Chinese market in the long run as
local vendors such as Xiaomi Corp, Huawei Technologies Co Ltd and Lenovo Group
Ltd are fast catching up and making inroads into the territory previously held
by Apple and Samsung Electronics Co, said experts.

Apple is the sixth-largest smartphone brand in the country by quarterly
shipments. Its 6.3 percent second - quarter market share was overshadowed by
Xiaomi and Lenovo, who enjoyed double-digit shares, according to Analysys
International.

Xiang Ligang, an independent telecom researcher, said the iPhone 6 family will
be a "very high-end" smartphone in China in terms of price.

"Only a few Chinese buyers are ready to spend more than 6,000 yuan on such
models compared to the smartphone adoption rate in the country," Xiang said. "In
smaller cities, the iPhone 6 would continue to be a preserve of the rich," he
said.

gaoyuan@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 10/17/2014 page16)

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              347 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            China Daily - US Edition

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

Scalpers scalded by gray market iPhones

LENGTH: 632  words


Prices of smuggled iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus units plunged in Beijing as Apple
Inc and its Chinese partners prepare to deliver authorized handsets on Friday.

Official launch cools demand for products smuggled from abroad

Prices of smuggled iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus units plunged in Beijing as Apple
Inc and its Chinese partners prepare to deliver authorized handsets on Friday.

Many local scalpers' attempt to profit from the month-long availability delay on
the Chinese mainland has proven to be a disastrous investment.

In Zhongguancun, the largest smartphone marketplace in Beijing, dealers are
obviously finding it difficult to find buyers for the unsold iPhone 6 and Plus
models.

"I haven't sold a single model since last week," said Wang Qiang, a shop owner
at Top Electronics City in Zhongguancun.

"If you could not sell all the items before the National Day holiday, then you
are pretty much in bad shape," said Wang, who has four iPhone 6 and one 6 Plus
units in hand.

The black market price for the entry-level iPhone 6 reached 10,000 yuan ($1,633)
when Apple first rolled out its latest flagship gadget on Sept 19. The amount
was enough to buy two 16-gigabyte iPhone 6 Plus in the United States.

Now, smartphone dealers are selling their leftovers at the official price, which
is 5,288 yuan for the 16 GB iPhone 6 and 6,088 yuan for 16 GB iPhone 6 Plus.

Most of the iPhones selling in Zhongguancun were smuggled from Hong Kong or the
US, where retail prices were among the lowest.

According to Wang, he will lose 3,000 to 5,000 yuan on each iPhone 6 if it is
sold at the official price.

Dealers who got supplies in September were the biggest winners, but it turned
out to be risky business for late comers, Wang said.

"It's a 'go big' or 'go home' kind of deal," he said.

The freezing iPhone sales in parallel markets do not mean that Chinese buyers
are not in favor of Apple's "bigger than bigger" product. On the contrary,
online pre-orders for both models from official channels have been sizzling.

Data from shopping website JD.com showed it has received more than 10 million
online orders as of Thursday. Technology website qq.com also estimated total
orders for Apple's two smartphone models had exceeded 20 million.

The Big Three telecom carriers refused to disclose the pre-order statistics on
Thursday. Though not all the pre-orders will culminate in actual purchases of
the device, the official launch is set to lift Apple's share in the smartphone
market on the Chinese mainland.

Xu Hao, an analyst with Beijing-based consultancy Analysys International, said
Apple's close ties with Chinese telecom carriers will help it quickly expand
sales in the first couple of months.

"Private dealers will have no room to negotiate the price with buyers because
the supply of the authorized products seems more than sufficient," Xu said.

The iPhone will become a niche player in the Chinese market in the long run as
local vendors such as Xiaomi Corp, Huawei Technologies Co Ltd and Lenovo Group
Ltd are fast catching up and making inroads into the territory previously held
by Apple and Samsung Electronics Co, said experts.

Apple is the sixth-largest smartphone brand in the country by quarterly
shipments. Its 6.3 percent second - quarter market share was overshadowed by
Xiaomi and Lenovo, who enjoyed double-digit shares, according to Analysys
International.

Xiang Ligang, an independent telecom researcher, said the iPhone 6 family will
be a "very high-end" smartphone in China in terms of price.

"Only a few Chinese buyers are ready to spend more than 6,000 yuan on such
models compared to the smartphone adoption rate in the country," Xiang said. "In
smaller cities, the iPhone 6 would continue to be a preserve of the rich," he
said.

gaoyuan@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily USA 10/17/2014 page18)

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1496


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              348 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                             April 29, 2013, Monday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending April 26;
Apple iPhone 6 scuttlebutt: Magic plastic, don't listen to Tim Cook, location
perils, color failure

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1896 words


The iPlasticPhone rears its glossy head and the iOSphere shivers. Also this
week, don't listen to Tim Cook about display size; the unanticipated
consequences of iPhone 6 Wi-Fi location tracking; colorful correction and
balance; the Secret of SIM.

You read it here second.

__________ "If Apple were to have indoor GPS tracking on the iPhone 6, there
could be some concerns over privacy. Users would have to choose whether they
want their friends to know they are in the bathroom and how long they have been
in there."

~ Rick Berke, Auto-oMobile, highlighting a heretofore unanticipated consequence
of Apple's mobile location mania.__________ iPhone 6 will have a plastic body,
and here's the photo that proves it In another rumor coup, the blog at Tactus, a
mobile accessory maker, presented a photo that purports to be of an iPhone with
a plastic case.

"Well, it looks like it features an all uniform plastic polycarbonate shell -
very different to the iPhone 5?s sleek aluminum look, but still modern and
covetable," according to the blogpost.

[IPHONEYS: The iPhone 6 and iPhone 5S edition] Here's the published photograph.
And it's a bit underwhelming to be sure. To the Rollup, it looks dated somehow.
Perhaps because the glossy plastic body in the Tactus image is a throwback to
the iPhone 3GS, which was announced in June 2009.

According to Tactus, the phone using this plastic shell measures 0.35 inches
thick, 4.72 inches long and 2.44 inches wide.

That's slightly thicker and wider than the iPhone 5; slightly thinner, longer
and wider than the iPhone 4.

"I've also heard on the grapevine that the alleged budget iPhone will have an A5
processor like the iPad Mini with a 32nm diecast," according to the post. "It's
also rumoured it will have a 3.5-inch retina screen, much like the 4S, but not
as big as the iPhone 5 - a few more pennies saved with that compromise! It's
also likely to have a handy 5MP camera, again like the iPhone 4!"

Finally, the blog predicts the iPlasticphone will go on sale Oct. 15...for $300.

Essentially, you'd be paying $300 to get an iPhone 3GS exterior, released in
2009, with an iPhone 4S interior, released in 2011. The main differences would
be the 4S processor shifted to a 32 nm process from 45 nm, to boost performance
and draw less power, and the Lightning docking port, though there could be a
bunch of other changes internally, if Apple took this direction. There's no
indication in the blogpost whether this phone would support LTE.

In the U.S., the iPhone 4S is currently offered with a two-year contract for
$99, though it's priced at $549 with no contract; the older iPhone 4 is still
$450 with no contract, but $0 with a contract. It's difficult to know whether
shifting to plastic from milled aluminum for the case would actually slash the
retail price of the iPlasticphone by $350.

There's been speculation that Apple is or should be creating the cheaper phone
to compete with the flood of cheap Android phones in markets like India and
China. How would consumers view an iPhone that offers what is, in large part, a
2-year-old hardware platform? Would the 32 nm A5 fully support the next OS
version, iOS 7, or would users be unable to make use of features like Apple Maps
Flyover?  Would Apple decline to support LTE in order to save costs?

None of those sound like attractive tradeoffs.

iPhone 6 could still be a larger-screened phone no matter what Tim Cook says The
following three statements are all from the same blogpost, by GadgetInsider's
Adam Majewsk, the order of their appearance" -1 "Apple Still May Release
Large-Screened iPhone 6 in the Future" (the headline) -2 "Apple CEO Tim Cook was
coy with regards to the possibility of an iPhone 6 with a 4.5-inch screen or
larger..."

-3 "Cook simply said that Apple isn't ready at this point to release such a
device."

If you read them in a different order - 2, 3, 1 - you get a clearer idea of how
completely unclear the blogpost is.

In fact, Cook did not say what Majewsk says he said. Cook's actual words were:
"My view continues to be that iPhone 5 has the absolute best display in the
industry....Our competitors have made some significant trade-offs in many of
these areas in order to ship a larger display. We would not ship a
larger-display iPhone while these tradeoffs exist." [for complete details see
"Apple's Cook resets 3 popular, and wrong, Apple rumors"]  Majewsk eventually
paraphrases Cook's comment, but he can't just leave it there. "Despite Cook
gravitating towards the possibility of a foreseeable future without a
large-screened 'iPhone 6', all is not lost for such a device...," Majewsk
concludes. "Who knows, maybe that could happen as early as next year, but as far
as this year is concerned, chances look slim of Apple releasing a jumbo-sized
iPhone to compete with other big names and their similarly big devices."

So depending on when you think "iPhone 6" will be announced, it could have a big
screen. Just not in the foreseeable future.

So it would be in the unforeseeable future. Which Majewsk has foreseen. Like he
says, who knows?

"iPhone 6 May Let Your Friends Know You're On The Can!"

Our subhead for this section is taken directly from the headline to a blogpost
by Rick Berke, at Auto-oMobile. It almost speaks for itself.

Berke sort of eases into the topic, from somewhere far in left field, beginning
his post thusly: "when it comes to leaks and rumours Apple are heading the list.
Now details have come out about different patents involving anti-crash
mechanisms which would make the ultimate touchscreen."

But that's the last time he talks about anti-crash mechanisms and the ultimate
touchscreen. Instead he abruptly changes gears to focus on Apple's March 2013
acquisition of the "indoor GPS company WiFiSlam....so that they could improve
their [Apple's] failed map app."

Berke notes that WiFiSlam's website described its app as being able to "Allow
your smartphone to pinpoint its location (and the location of your friends) in
real-time to 2.5m accuracy using only ambient WiFi signals that are already
present in buildings."

Two-and-half meters is just over eight feet. That's the radius of the circle
around the radio, yielding an area of about 50 square feet. A radio's location
falls into an area of about 50 square feet.

Technically, WiFiSlam is not a GPS company, because it doesn't primarily make
use of signals from satellites in geostationary orbits. Indoors, or even in
dense outdoor urban areas, GPS signals can be hard to acquire or hold. WiFiSlam
uses data linked to the known locations of thousands of stationary Wi-Fi access
points, sometimes supplemented with GPS data, to create a real-time awareness of
individual mobile devices with always-on Wi-Fi radios. By linking real-time
location with user identity, WiFiSlam creates a platform for software developers
to create personalized data services and actions tailored to where you are.

Berke could have gone on to explain or at least talk about the algorithms used
to plot the indoor location, or the location data APIs and frameworks, or other
technical matters. But instead he cuts right to the chase with a practical
example.

"This means that the app could help your friends to keep track of what you were
doing down to the last couple of meters," Berke writes. In case you don't
understand that, he explains further. "This means that they would know what part
of a café you were in, even this happened to be the bathroom."

"If Apple were to have indoor GPS tracking on the iPhone 6, there could be some
concerns over privacy," he warns darkly. "Users would have to choose whether
they want their friends to know they are in the bathroom and how long they have
been in there."

This seems a bit obsessive, even by the standards of the iOSphere.

iPhone 6 camera will have advanced color correction and balance The roots of
this achievement are found within four Apple patent applications - not awards -
which the US Patent and Trademark Office published this past week, as covered by
PatentlyApple.

Reading this lengthy post one forms the general idea that Apple wants to improve
some aspects of image capture and processing on iOS devices. But how the new
inventions will do that remains a mystery for those of us lacking degrees in the
relevant scientific disciplines.

Take for example Patent Number Two, "Alleviating Dominant Color Failure in
Automatic White Balance Using Histogram Trimming."

Dominant color failure has not been, to date, the subject of outraged online
forum postings, of petitions, of rantings that go viral on YouTube, or of U.S.
Senate committee investigations.

So what does it mean? We'll let PatentlyApple explain: "More specifically,
Apple's invention relates to methods, devices and computer readable media for
implementing novel dominant color alleviation techniques for color balancing are
described. The techniques take advantage of unique properties of 2D image data
histograms accumulated in a chromaticity space, along with other factors such as
estimated scene lux and knowledge of plausible scene illuminant white point
values within the chromaticity space. The accumulated 2D image data histograms
may be refined and "trimmed," such that the resultant image data passed to an
auto white balance solution has much less influence from the dominant colors in
the image, even those that overlap the plausible scene illuminant color region.
The described techniques provide for white point estimates that are much less
prone to dominant color failures."

We still don't know what it actually means, beyond the white point estimates
being much less prone to dominant color failures.

Once this breakthrough filtered out into the iOSphere, plenty of bloggers were
willing to draw even larger conclusions while knowing even less.
KnowYourMobile's Clare Hopping instantly realized that PatentlyApple had
experienced Dominant Rumor Failure by not drawing the obvious conclusion.

"The iPhone 6's camera may be the most advanced white balance yet, colour
correction and colour balance," she wrote, with almost unbalanced enthusiasm.
"More iPhone 6 patents have been leaked, relating to the camera of the device.
Patently Apple revealed the iPhone 6 would include a much more advanced camera
than its predecessor devices."

But the patent Website doesn't mention "iPhone 6" or "iPhone 5S," no doubt
because the patent applications apparently don't mention them either.

iPhone 5S nano-SIM tray revealed..and it is unchanged from the one in the iPhone
5 Based on new photos posted by Japanese parts shop Moumantai, MacRumors' Erick
Slivka notes astutely that "what is said to be" the nano-SIM tray of the iPhone
5S is "reportedly identical in shape to those used on the iPhone 5."

No news is good news, apparently.

Slivka slips in a caveat.  Actually, two caveats. The first is that the photos
show the Moumantai iPhone 5S SIM trays in gray and bronze-gold colors, although
it is possible that the photos may show somewhat inaccurate colors given
expectations of slate and silver as seen on the iPhone 5.

Secondly, "It is, however, difficult to place too much stock in these SIM tray
photos, given that they are identical to the current design and that third-party
versions in various colors are prevalent."

So no news is, actually, bad news.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network
World.Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              349 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

Apple launches larger, thinner iPhones

LENGTH: 370  words


Apple on Tuesday morning launched the much awaited new models of iPhones  the
iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus.

The new 4.7-inch iPhone 6 is only 6.9mm thick, with the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus
slightly thicker at 7.1mm. Both are thinner than the lastiPhone, the 5S which
measured 7.6mm thick.

Apart from the significant reduction in heft and the obvious choice in terms of
screen size and the curved corners, theCupertino company has invested in changes
under the hood.

oth new phones are powered by Apple-designed A8 chip, which offers up to 25%
faster processing power and up to 50% faster graphics.Apple claims that
theiPhone 6 is also up to 50% more energy efficient.

The motion coprocessor, which was introduced in the iPhone 5S model, also gets
an upgrade. The new phones have the M8 coprocessor, which continuously measures
motion data from the phones accelerometer, gyroscope, and compass. In addition,
the iPhone 6 has a barometer that senses air pressure in order to measure
relative elevation.

The company claims that the new phone will sportWi-Fi speeds up to three times
faster than last year's iPhone due to the 802.11acwireless networking standard.

Camera

One of the draws for iPhones has been its camera. The new modesl sport a
new8-megapixel, 2.2-aperture camera which only slightly improves on the iPhone
5S. What it lacks in terms of raw hardware, the company claims it will be making
up for in software improvements which will help the user take better
pictures.Panoramas, for example, can now be up to 43 megapixels.

While theiPhone 6 features digital' image stabilisation, the 6 Plus has optical
image stabilisation, a plus for all iPhone-graphers. In the burst mode, the
iPhone cantake up to 10 photos per second.

The new camera can also manage video at 1080p at either 30 or 60 frames per
second, while slow-motion video can be shot at either 120 or 240 frames per
second.

Needless to say, both new iPhones come with the new iOS 8 operating system.

Apple Watch

The list of goodies does not stop at the two new flagship devices. Apple has
finally launched its competitor to Samsung's Gear smartwatch.

The one inch watch will feature sapphire glass and will have a taptic engine for
notifications and a Siri' version.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              350 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

China regulator approves iPhone 6 for sale in China

LENGTH: 455  words


Apple Inc's iPhone 6 can now be sold in China, after the company received a
license for the device to be used on China's wireless networks.

A customer holds an iPhone 6 (R) and iPhone 6 Plus after the phones went on sale
at the Fifth Avenue Apple store in Manhattan, New York Sept 19,
2014.[Photo/Agencies]

BEIJING - US tech giant, Apple Computers has announced the release date for the
latest iterations of their popular iPhone smartphones. The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
plus will be released in the Chinese mainland on October 17.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus go for pre-sale on Oct 10 and in-store pickup on
Oct 17. The phones will retail starting at 5,288 yuan and 6,088 yuan
respectively. They will be available across all three Chinese telecom carriers
and Apple's own standalone stores.

The reveal of the release date came on Tuesday afternoon, hours after the
Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT) said that it has granted
a network access license to Apple Inc's latest smartphone, the iPhone 6.

The license approval came after four models of the iPhone 6 passed 3C (China
Compulsory Certification) certification, a mandatory certification system to
inspect and approve various products to be sold in China, and won approval from
the State Radio Regulation earlier this month.

The network access license together with the two other regulatory approvals
means that the iPhone 6 can be sold in China.

The MIIT said in a statement that it made the decision to issue the license
after getting reassurance from Apple that three background service programs,
which reportedly had risks of personal privacy leaks, are only diagnostic tools
that won't be used maliciously.

In a document submitted to the ministry, Apple said that the company won't be
allowed to "interfere with" any personal information without clients' approval,
and it has already taken measures in its ios8 system to make it even more
difficult for anybody to use the tools maliciously.

Apple also said it will improve security and privacy protection for its clients.
The company said it has never and will never set up so-called "back doors" in
any of its products or services in cooperation with any government organ of any
country.

The MIIT said it pays great attention to protecting mobile phone users' personal
information and will strengthen security management of mobile phones, according
to the statement.

The ministry will also enhance network access security review as well as
supervision and inspection of products that are already licensed, saying any
violation of regulations on personal information protection will be investigated
and punished.

IPhone 6 sets records, but problems quickly emerge
Apple fans line up around the world for iPhone 6

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              351 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                                October 18, 2014

Video: Why I line up for new iPhones?

BYLINE: Liu Zheng and Eric Jou

LENGTH: 244  words


"The selling points of the new iPhone for me are the large screen and the new
camera system," said Liu Yi, the first buyer of Taikooli Apple Store on Friday
in downtown Beijing.

About 100 Apple fans gathered in front of Taikooli Apple Store in downtown
Beijing before the launch of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones in China on
Friday morning.

"The selling points for me are the large screen and the new camera system. The
large screen makes it easy to use and the camera app is something people use
every day." said Liu Yi, the first iPhone buyer.

According to Liu, he is an Apple Fan, and he have purchased every version of the
iPhone. The reason he purchased a domestic iPhone over an import one, is because
domestic iPhones are safer, and they have warranties.

"I purchased the 5S online but it took a long time before I received it, it's
faster to come to the store," said Wang Kelu, another iPhone buyer.

"I first purchased a Hong Kong imported iPhone but at the behest of my friends
that wanted one, I ordered three phones. I was only able to purchase one of the
phones today. I still want to buy an iPhone Six Plus, I'll have to try again
tomorrow," Wang added.

Video[#xff1a]Liu Zheng

Editor[#xff1a]Liu Zheng

Voiceover: Eric Jou and Cai Muyuan

Producer: Zhao Tingting

Apple iPhone 6 wins two regulatory approvals in China
Peek inside Apple's iPhone 6

Chinese buyer shows his Apple iPhone 6 Plus smartphone at a branch of China
Telecom in Shanghai, October 17, 2014. [Photo/IC]

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              352 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           October 18, 2014 Saturday

Video: Why I line up for new iPhones?

BYLINE: Liu Zheng and Eric Jou

LENGTH: 244  words


"The selling points of the new iPhone for me are the large screen and the new
camera system," said Liu Yi, the first buyer of Taikooli Apple Store on Friday
in downtown Beijing.

About 100 Apple fans gathered in front of Taikooli Apple Store in downtown
Beijing before the launch of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones in China on
Friday morning.

"The selling points for me are the large screen and the new camera system. The
large screen makes it easy to use and the camera app is something people use
every day." said Liu Yi, the first iPhone buyer.

According to Liu, he is an Apple Fan, and he have purchased every version of the
iPhone. The reason he purchased a domestic iPhone over an import one, is because
domestic iPhones are safer, and they have warranties.

"I purchased the 5S online but it took a long time before I received it, it's
faster to come to the store," said Wang Kelu, another iPhone buyer.

"I first purchased a Hong Kong imported iPhone but at the behest of my friends
that wanted one, I ordered three phones. I was only able to purchase one of the
phones today. I still want to buy an iPhone Six Plus, I'll have to try again
tomorrow," Wang added.

Video[#xff1a]Liu Zheng

Editor[#xff1a]Liu Zheng

Voiceover: Eric Jou and Cai Muyuan

Producer: Zhao Tingting

Apple iPhone 6 wins two regulatory approvals in China
Peek inside Apple's iPhone 6

Chinese buyer shows his Apple iPhone 6 Plus smartphone at a branch of China
Telecom in Shanghai, October 17, 2014. [Photo/IC]

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              353 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Gray Market iPhones Sell For $3,000

BYLINE: REINHARDT KRAUSE

SECTION: INTERNET & TECHNOLOGY; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 298 words


Amid speculation over when Apple's iPhone 6 will be sold in China, gray-market
prices for the device have topped $3,000, a Citigroup analyst says.

Ten countries, including the U.S., are in the first wave of markets where the
iPhone 6 is being sold.

"Apple has indicated 115 countries by year-end, exceeding the prior year's (
iPhone 5 S) launch of just over 100 countries by year-end," said Jim Suva, a
Citigroup analyst in a report Monday. "Importantly, China's exact launch date is
still unknown. We note gray-market pricing for iPhone 6 shipments to China are
priced above $3,000."

China represents around 17% of Apple's sales, he noted.

China Mobile, the country's biggest wireless firm, began selling the iPhone 5 S
only in March, following China Telecom and China Unicom. News agency Xinhua on
Sept. 18 said that Apple needs one more network license approval to launch the
iPhone 6 in China.

"China generally tends to get overstated in terms of size and opportunity (at
least over the near/medium term), thus the impact is not 20%-25% of iPhone
demand, in our opinion. We feel it is much smaller," Wells Fargo analyst Maynard
Um said a report. "We also believe that demand in other regions is likely to
rise, as those in China who want the iPhone are likely to procure an iPhone 6/6
Plus from other countries."

More important than the timing of the iPhone 6 launch in China is why the delay
occurred, Um said. It could be related to concerns raised in July by state-run
China Central TV that the iPhone might be a threat to national security, he
said.

Apple on Monday said that first-weekend sales of the iPhone 6 family of
smartphones topped 10 million units, roughly in line with analyst expectations.

Apple CEO Tim Cook said that the company did not have enough new iPhones to meet
demand.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              354 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

iPhone cleared for China launch

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 413 words


Apple's latest smartphone and its first ever phablet will both officially go on
sale on October 17.

Both handsets will be available for pre-order from the Apple Store, retailers
and via all of China's major network operators from October 10. What's more, as
with their launch in the US, Apple will be offering the same reserve and pick up
service meaning that Chinese consumers can order a handset and collect it
in-store, rather than having to queue, on October 17.

"We are thrilled to bring iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus to our customers in China
on all three carriers at launch," said Apple's CEO Tim Cook. "With support for
TD-LTE and FDD-LTE, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus customers will have access to
high-speed mobile networks from China Mobile, China Telecom and China Unicom for
an incredible experience."

The 4.7-inch display iPhone 6 is available in gold, silver or space grey and
prices will start at 5,288 RMB for the 16GB model, topping out at 6,888 (RMB)
for the monster 128GB model.

As for the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus, the entry-level 16GB model comes with a
suggested retail price of 6,088 RMB, while the top of the range 128GB version
will cost 7,788 RMB.

The latest iPhone is already on sale in 33 countries around the world and Apple
has promised that it will be available in 115 countries before the end of 2014.

However, despite record sales -- over 10 million handsets were sold on launch
weekend -- there have been some hiccups. Firstly a bug-fix update to the
handsets' operating system caused problems and that was swiftly followed by what
the tech media dubbed 'Bendgate'. Users complained that the iPhone 6 Plus bent
when carried in a pocket. The complaints led to a host of YouTube videos and a
flurry of social media activity detailing how easy it was to deform the handsets
but Apple countered by revealing that only 9 customers out of the initial 10
million had lodged a complaint about their handset.

Consumer Reports also carried out tests on the latest iPhones alongside the
closest competitors -- the HTC One, Samsung Galaxy Note 3, the LG G3 as well as
the iPhone 5 to test the validity of claims. It found that the HTC One and
iPhone 6 were more likely to bend under pressure than the iPhone 6 Plus and that
with all of the handsets tested: "It took significant force to do this kind of
damage to all these phones," Consumer Reports concluded. "While nothing is
(evidently) indestructible, we expect that any of these phones should stand up
to typical use."

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2014 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              355 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

Suburbanites storm Apple for new iPhone 6

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 357 words


to maintain Apple's sales growth. The devices generate more than half of the
company's annual $171 billion in revenue and precede a swath of other products,
including new iPads and Apple Watch. The iPhones have screens of 4.7 inches and
5.5 inches, compared with 4 inches for previous models, which is helping to
boost their appeal to new consumers.

"I came here for tourism, and my wife and friends asked me to bring them the new
iPhone," Yury Shchepetkov, a 24-year-old power engineer from Moscow, said while
waiting in Berlin. "I had no idea I would be stuck in line for two nights
without a sleeping bag."

Tiago Amorim was waiting outside of Apple's Fifth Avenue store in New York after
flying up from Brazil to get his hands on one.

"We love iPhones," the 14-year-old said.

Amorim was in a line that, as of 8 a.m., was 33 percent longer than last year's
debut of the iPhone 5s and 5c, according to Piper Jaffray Cos.

"There was an even more significant influence of international buyers, even more
than last year," Gene Munster, an analyst at Piper Jaffray, wrote in a note to
investors today.

Status Symbol

Apple hasn't said when China and Brazil will get the new iPhones. They aren't on
the list of countries that will get the phones in the next wave, which includes
Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Liechtenstein,
Luxembourg, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Qatar, Russia, Saudi
Arabia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Turkey and the United Arab Emirates.

"We traveled about 35 hours to get our hands on the new iPhone before everyone
else in Brazil," said William Marchiori, 25, who flew to Australia from Sao
Paulo. "We took three flights and got here two days ago, and we lined up."

The new iPhones are targeted directly at bigger-screen smartphones popular with
consumers in Asia. Those phones typically run on Android and are made by Samsung
Electronics Co., Xiaomi Corp. and Lenovo Group Ltd., among others.

"It's a big status symbol everywhere," Tim Bajarin, an analyst at Creative
Strategies Inc., said of the new iPhones and the global interest.

* Bloomberg News contributed to this report

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Steve Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com People line up outside the Apple
Store at the Deer Park Mall Friday waiting to get the new iPhone 6. Steve
Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com People line up outside the Apple Store at the Deer
Park Mall Friday waiting to get the new iPhone 6.Rick West/rwest@dailyherald.com
People wait for their chance to pick up a new iPhone 6 outside the AT store in
South Elgin Friday morning. The store opened early at 8 a.m. Rick
West/rwest@dailyherald.com People wait for their chance to pick up a new iPhone
6 outside the AT store in South Elgin Friday morning. The store opened early at
8 a.m.Rick West/rwest@dailyherald.com Devang Patel of Elgin holds up his new
iPhone 6 Plus Friday morning at the South Elgin AT store. Patel was the last
person to get a phone. Other customers placed orders for the devices. Rick
West/rwest@dailyherald.com Devang Patel of Elgin holds up his new iPhone 6 Plus
Friday morning at the South Elgin AT store. Patel was the last person to get a
phone. Other customers placed orders for the devices.Steve
Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com Amy McCracken of Des Plaines sits in a lawn chair
outside the Apple retail store at Deer Park Mall Friday morning waiting to get
the new iPhone 6. "I'm not into delayed gratification," McCracken said. Steve
Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com Amy McCracken of Des Plaines sits in a lawn chair
outside the Apple retail store at Deer Park Mall Friday morning waiting to get
the new iPhone 6. "I'm not into delayed gratification," McCracken said. Steve
Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com Amy McCracken of Des Plaines sits in a lawn chair
outside the Apple retail store at Deer Park Mall Friday morning waiting to get
the new iPhone 6. "I'm not into delayed gratification," McCracken said. Amy
McCracken, of Des Plaines, sits in a lawn chair outside the Apple Store at the
Deer Park Mall as she waits to get the new iPhone 6 Friday morning. "I'm not
into delayed gratification," said McCracken.Scott
Sanders/ssanders@dailyherald.com Nathaniel Fritz, of Bradley, Ill., shows off
his new Apple iPhone 6 Plus, which he drove 90 minutes and waited in line 14
hours for. Scott Sanders/ssanders@dailyherald.com Nathaniel Fritz, of Bradley,
Ill., shows off his new Apple iPhone 6 Plus, which he drove 90 minutes and
waited in line 14 hours for.Scott Sanders/ssanders@dailyherald.com Naperville
Apple retail store employees usher customers into the store to purchase or pick
up the new iPhone 6 Friday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              356 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Globes [online] - Israel's Business Arena

                            November 2, 2014 Sunday

iDigital hikes iPhone6 prices;
Other iPhone importers in Israel have not raised their prices.

BYLINE: Tzahi Hoffman

LENGTH: 341 words


The iDigital chain, one of the official iPhone importers in Israel, has decided
to raise its prices only one and half weeks after the official launch, shortly
after the customers and the press stopped comparing prices. The price hike
varies between NIS 40 and NIS 100 on the models sold by the chain.

For example, the 16-gigabyte version of the iPhone 6, sold for NIS 3,690 at the
launch, sold for NIS 3,769 today - a NIS 79 difference. The price of the same
model in its 64 gigabyte version was raised from NIS 4,225 to NIS 4,295, a NIS
70 difference.

The iPhone 6 plus model has also become more expensive. The price of the
16-gigabyte model rose from NIS 4,225 to NIS 4,295, a NIS 70 difference. The
price of the 64-gigabyte model rose from NIS 4,695 to NIS 4,799, a NIS 104 price
hike.

From the very beginning of the sale of iPhones in Israel, iDigital was not
satisfied with the prices. A few days before the launch, the company issued a
press release with much higher prices, but when it saw that the market was
falling in line with the lower prices, it had to adjust its price.

iDigital is now putting its prices back up, although still not to the full price
at which it had planned to sell the iPhones. This means that the price of the
16-gigabyte version of the iPhone 6 could reach NIS 3,875 and the price of the
iPhone 6 plus could reach NIS 4,475, as iDigital had originally planned to sell
the devices.

While iDigital has raised its prices, another official iPhone importer in
Israel, C-Data, stated in a talk with "Globes" that it had not raised its
prices. For its part, the Rami Levy chain said that its prices were the same as
at the launch: NIS 3,525 for an iPhone 6 and NIS 4,070 for an iPhone 6 plus. The
price differences between iDigital and Rami Levy are therefore NIS 244 for an
iPhone 6 and NIS 225 for an iPhone 6 plus.

There was no response from iDigital as of web posting. p>Published by Globes
[online], Israel business news - www.globes-online.com - on November 2, 2014

© Copyright of Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd. 2014

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2014 Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              357 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Apple sees record demand for new iPhones

LENGTH: 328  words


Apple on Monday said it had received record pre-orders for its new iPhone
models, and that some customers will have to wait for the larger-screen versions
of the smartphones.

Demand for the new iPhones exceeds the initial pre-order supply and while a
significant amount will be delivered to customers beginning on Friday and
throughout September, many iPhone pre-orders are scheduled to be delivered in
October," Apple said in a statement.

Apple last week unveiled the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, in a move aimed at
satisfying consumer preference for bigger smartphone displays.

The announcement means Apple may see shortages and long lines at its retail
stores when sales begin on Friday.

Pre-orders for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus set a new record for Apple, and we
can't wait to get our best iPhones yet into the hands of customers starting this
Friday," Apple chief executive Tim Cook said in the statement.

Sales are set to open at 8am local time in the US, Australia, Canada, France,
Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and Britain. Some 20 more
countries will get the iPhone September 26.

Some of the new iPhones will also be available from carriers and other
retailers.

Apple last Tuesday unveiled its first smartwatch and two large-screen versions
of the iPhone, in a move to recapture its role as a trend-setter.

Apple added in a new mobile wallet that will allow consumers to simply tap their
phones to pay retailers.

New iPhone 6 models boost screen sizes in what some see as the company catching
up to a phablet" trend combining features of smartphones and tablets.

The frenzy at Apple's website on Friday indicated that in the eyes of myriad
iPhone lovers, bigger is indeed better.

Apple's main rival Samsung has long had a range of larger handsets and has tried
to market a smartwatch of its own.

The iPhone 6 will have a screen of 4.7 inches and the 6-Plus will be 5.5 inches,
allowing Apple to adapt to consumers' apparent preference for bigger displays.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              358 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                    September 11, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Stores readying for big iPhone Pre-order tomorrow in US UK retailers also join
in

LENGTH: 273  words


Apple's latest launch the bigger Iphone 6 and biggest iPhone till date, Iphone 6
Plus will come for pre-orders tomorrow in US. The launch will soon be followed
by launch in UK and in other counties.



In US CarPhoneWareHouse is among the first of all to start selling the iPhone
(taking pre-orders for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus). The pre-order here will
begin at 08:01 am tomorrow. If you are in a hurry and don't want to miss this,
register for updates here.

AT&T is also ready to take pre-orders for the new iPhone 6 from tomorrow 12:01
(US time). Check here.

USCellular has also added a new page on its landing page for the sale of iPhone
6 tomorrow. Check here.

The Sprint shop is on "maintenance mode" at the time writing this report, and we
believe the store is readying to put up the pre-order page.

At the same time in UK too stores have added the iPhone 6 to their websites as
the 'coming soon' model. We checked the O2 website and EE website who have the
phone listed as coming soon. Vodafone is ready to take pre-orders tomorrow
starting at 08:01 am.

The official Apple store in UK is also ready for those who want to make a
purchase via the Apple store. In US the pre-order begins at 08:00 am and sale
will follow from 19th September. Check here.

The official Apple website in UK lists the phone as pre-order units, for which
Apple will start taking orders from 12th September. Check here.

Prices in US: The iPhone 6 16GB is priced at $199, 64GB will cost $299 and 128GB
model will cost $399 with two year contract. For iPhone 6 Plus the prices will
begin at $299 for the 16 GB model, $399 for 32 GB model and $499 for the 128 GB
model.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              359 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday
                                  1ST Edition

BYLINE: Julia Love, Jeremy C. Owens and Troy Wolverton; San Jose Mercury News

SECTION: Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 679 words


CUPERTINO, Calif. | Apple CEO Tim Cook debuted Apple's first new product
category Tuesday since the introduction of the iPad tablet computer, showing off
a new smartwatch along with two iPhones and a mobile-payments offering built in
to the new devices.

Apple's smartwatch - called simply the Apple Watch - has a new user interface,
with Cook declaring, "What we didn't do was take the iPhone and shrink the user
interface and strap it on your wrist."

It will come in three different basic forms: Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport and
Apple Edition, with the last one available in 18-karat gold; Apple Watch will be
a standard offering, while the Sport edition will be sturdier. The wearable
computer will be highly customizable, with different sizes for the watch face
and bands of different colors as well as leather and metal, with a starting base
price of $350. The device will go on sale in early 2015.

Users will interact with the Apple Watch through a dial on the side, using it to
scroll up and down and zoom in, or through its touchscreen, which is made of
synthetic sapphire Apple has been manufacturing in Arizona.

The device will have access to Apple's voice-detection technology Siri, allowing
users to guide through interactions with voice commands, and a series of
gestures can help control basic functions as well.

The watch - which must be used in tandem with an  iPhone 5 or later - can record
users' vitals, with sensors detecting bodily actions such as pulse rate, and
record them with HealthKit, Apple software introduced earlier this year at the
Worldwide Developers Conference. More functionality will quickly be on the way:
Outside developers received access to build apps for the watch through new
software called WatchKit.

With its customizable form and different possible tasks, the Apple Watch can be
a different device for different users' needs, Cook said, calling it "the most
personal device Apple has ever created."

"I use mine to control the Apple TV, another team member uses his as a remote
for his iPhone camera," the CEO divulged.

Apple introduced two new iPhones that will function with its smartwatch - a
larger iPhone than before, the iPhone 6 Plus, along with the iPhone 6, which
Cook described as "the best phones you have ever seen." The  iPhone 6 Plus will
be 5.5 inches diagonal, a size in between a smartphone and tablet that has
proved especially popular in Asia.

One of the iPhone 6 smartphones' big advances is  Apple Pay, a mobile-payments
offering that utilizes near-field communications to get rid of credit cards'
"outdated and vulnerable magnetic stripe," as Cook described them.

Instead of using physical cards, Apple's iPhone will connect to users' payment
options, while not storing credit card numbers or security codes.

Apple software leader Eddy Cue stressed the security and privacy of Apple's
payments option, which will link with American Express, Visa and Mastercard.

"Apple doesn't know what you bought, where you bought it, or how much you paid
for it," Cue said.

The service will work with 220,000 contactless machines in place at retailers,
along with Apple partners such as McDonald's, Walgreens and Disney.

The iPhone 6 screen will measure 4.7 inches diagonally, the same as the iPhone
5S, but the iPhone 6 Plus will have a 5.5-inch screen, with both receiving
Apple's "Retina" high-resolution display. The larger form factor will give the
iPhone 6 Plus a larger battery and therefore longer battery life: Apple said
that the iPhone 6 will have about 14 hours of talk time, in line with the
previous iteration, while the iPhone 6 Plus will have 24 hours of talk time.

Both phones will be offered in black, gray and gold. The smaller iPhone 6 will
have a price tag starting at $199 with subsidies from wireless carriers, ranging
up to $399 for a phone with 128 GB of memory; the iPhone 6 Plus will range from
$299 to $499 with a two-year contract. Apple will begin selling the phones on
Sept. 19 in the United States and eight other countries, and wants to roll out
sales to more than 100 countries by the end of the year.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              360 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                           January 31, 2015 Saturday

Zong launches iPhones 6 & 6 Plus with 6GB free 4G LTE

SECTION: Vol. XXVI No. 30

LENGTH: 317  words


Zong, the only 3G and 4G LTE operator in Pakistan officially launched the latest
IPhones 6 &amp; 6 Plus to allow its valued customers to experience and enjoy the
amazing speeds of Zong 4G LTE on these popular smartphones. IPhones are premium
LTE capable smartphones and hence form a perfect combination with speedy Zong 4G
LTE internet. Zong 4G LTE is unique owing to not only its speed and efficiency
but also its coverage, for it can be enjoyed in 7 major cities of Pakistan. This
means that those purchasing this offer will be able to enjoy 4G LTE internet
that is unparalleled in the market in terms of both speed and coverage.

The IPhone bundle offered by Zong is the most attractive option amongst all.
Tustomers can enjoy 6 GB worth of Zong 4G LTE data per month for a total period
of 6 months, which means that they get 36 GB free in total. This offer is fairly
more attractive than the competing offers that are being made by other
telecommunication companies. This is because the IPhone experience can be
enjoyed to the fullest with a Zong 4G LTE connection only. Since Zong is the
pioneer of 4G LTE internet in Pakistan, the combination of IPhone and Zong
implies a package that is unique in the market.

While expressing his views about the launch of IPhones, Executive Director
Commercial Mr Babar Bajwa said that people will experience a clear difference
while using IPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus with the Zong 4G LTE network. "Like many
other tremendous initiatives by Zong, this launch is another gift for our valued
customers who are the recipients of exclusive 4G LTE technology.

This combination of speedy and extensive 4G LTE and IPhones is one that Zong is
unique in offering, and means that customers will have a truly one of a kind
experience." he explained. Currently, IPhone 6 and 6 Plus are available in gold,
silver and grey colors with 16GB, 64GB and 128GB internal memory options.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              361 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      September 5, 2014 Friday 2:29 PM GMT

iPhone 6: When is it released? Features, specs and price of Apple's new iPhone;

There are just four days to go until Apple unveils its new handset. Here's
everything we know about your next phone

BYLINE: By Mikey Smith

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 997 words


With just four days to go until the the iPhone 6 gets it's official launch,
excitement levels are reaching fever pitch.

Speculation about exactly what new functions and features will go on show at the
grand unveiling on Friday is rife, with leaked photos ramping up the hype.

Whether it's the much mooted larger screen sizes, the sleek exterior seen in
photos or the talk of iWatch wearable devices on the way - all will be
officially revealed on Tuesday.

How can I watch Apple's iPhone 6 launch event online?

Here's a round up of everything we know - or think we know - about Apple's big
announcement.Screen

Everything we've seen so far points towards Apple gearing up to release two
models of iPhone - one with a 4.7" screen, and another with a 5.5" display.

While it was rumoured the devices would feature a near-scratchproof sapphire
crystal display, inspection of the Apple manufacturing chain has since suggested
the costly material will not be standard - at least at launch.

There's talk of a premium model, with higher specifications which would include
the sapphire glass - along with a costly price tag - but at present this is
speculation.

Microscope pictures claimed to be of the iPhone 6 screen suggest a much sharper
display than the current model.

The Retina screen on the current iPhone 5S has a density of 10.5 pixels per mm.
The 1704x960 display suggested by the photos would be a much sharper 16 pixels
per mm.Speed

The   iPhone   6 will feature a new super-fast WiFi chip, improving internet
speeds dramatically.

It will also feature Apple's next generation A8 processor, which should give the
smartphone a huge performance boost.Design

The iPhone 6 is expected to have a more rounded body than the 5S - with a design
that harks back to the original first-generation iPhone.

A video has been released online which claims to show an entire iPhone 6
constructed from parts leaked from the production line.

iPhone 6 cobbled together from leaked factory parts

An alleged leaked schematic suggested the new phone will be 7mm thick - and the
4.7" model has a codename of N56.Digital payments

The tech giant are reportedly working with  Visa, Mastercard and American
Express  to develop an 'iWallet' payment system, allowing users to pay for
things with thier phone.

It's thought this will use  Near Field Communication (NFC)  - the technology
used for contactless payments.

Apple's system would allow users to link their iPhone with their credit card,
using it to make purchases with a swipe of their device.Battery Life

As well as a huge performance boost, the A8 processor is expected to improve
power efficiency, and therefore increase battery life

On top of that, leaked photos supposedly showing the iPhone 6 battery suggest
the charge capacity of the two models will be vastly improved.

The photos show two batteries - presumably for the 4.7" and 5.5" models - with
whopping 1810 and 2915mAh capacities.

That's much bigger than the current iPhone 5s battery, which is just 1560mAh.

The high resolution screen is by far the biggest power drain on iPhone devices,
which explains why the 5.5" model needs a larger battery.Camera

Apple's new device is also expected to have a vastly improved camera, with a
13-megapixel sensor provided by Sony .

The new design is expected to feature a camera which protrudes slightly from the
iPhone 6's new slimline body.

Although the 4.7" model is thought to be slightly thinner than the 5.5" iPhone,
the measurements when the camera is included are the same, pointing towards the
two models having the same camera sensor and lens.

What addition would you like to see on the iPhone 6?  Launch event

Apple will unveil the iPhone 6 on Tuesday, September 9th, at a major event in
the tech giant's home town of Cupertino.

They're holding the event at the Flint Centre for the Performing Arts, the venue
they used to launch the original Mac computer and the iPhone 5.

It's the first time in years that Apple have held an event at the Flint Centre -
they usually unveil hardware and software at San Francisco's Yerba Buena Centre
or at their own 'Town Hall' venue at their headquarters.

But the Flint Centre has a much higher capacity - approximately 2,405 seats -
than those other venues, suggesting Apple is looking to launch its new products
with a larger than usual bang.

The event kicks off at 10am California time, which works out to 6pm UK time.How
can I watch the event online?

The keynote speeches at Apple's big launch events are broadcast online by Apple.
You'll be able to watch the speech through the iTunes app on any iPhone, iPad or
iPod Touch.

There'll also be a special event app icon appearing on the home screen of Apple
TV devices on the day of the keynote.

It'll also be streamed on Apple.com, though previous events have been restricted
so they're only viewable using Apple's Safari web browser.

You can also follow all the events with the latest information and commentary
with our full live coverage.Release date

The iPhone 6 release date has not yet been announced, but most rumours put it
within a month of the launch event on Tuesday, September 9th.

Some have suggested the 4.7" model could be on shelves as soon as a week or two
after the event.

But it's thought the 5.5" model will be held back - either because of
manufacturing delays or as a deliberate move to prevent causing competition
between the models.Price

Apple's pricing is usually kept fairly well under wraps - you can never tell
when they're going to pull a surprise price drop.

But if we base it on last year's pricing, the 4.7" model with the smallest
capacity (16GB for the 5S) will cost £549, the next up (32GB) £629 and the
biggest storage (64GB) £709.

If Apple upgrade the maximum storage to 128GB as is rumoured, it's likely
they'll make the minimum amount 32GB.

That's all based on the current screen size - we're expecting the price to shoot
up for the 5.5" version, perhaps even more for the "premium" version with
Sapphire glass.

Will you be buying the iPhone 6 on launch day?

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              362 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                           September 29, 2014 Monday

Taiwan loses its grip on iPhone supply chain

BYLINE: Ralph Jennings in Taipei

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 01

LENGTH: 458 words


Production of the hot-selling iPhone 6 is bringing business to a number of
Taiwanese technology firms and boosting factory orders on the mainland, although
supplier competition and sourcing changes at Apple have taken a bite out of the
region's dependence on the popular handsets.

Apple has contracted Taiwanese tech giant Hon Hai Precision to make all its
iPhone 6 Plus handsets and 70 per cent of basic iPhone 6 orders, analysts say.
Pegatron, based in Taipei, will assemble the other 30 per cent, the Market
Intelligence and Consulting Institute in Taiwan estimates.

"Most of the worldwide assembly for the iPhone 6 range will take place in China,
because that is where the lowest costs and biggest factories are located," said
Neil Mawston, global wireless practice executive director at Strategy Analytics
in Britain.

But as Apple changes specs from earlier iPhone models and has the pick from a
bigger field of suppliers worldwide, mainland and Taiwanese companies are
getting fewer orders compared to older iPhones.

"The components for the iPhone 6 portfolio come from a very globalised supply
chain," Mawston said.

Taiwan will pocket just US$25 to US$30 from the total US$245 to US$255
manufacturing bill of materials from each iPhone 6 handset, according to the
Market Intelligence and Consulting Institute.

Taiwanese firms, many of which send orders to the mainland for manufacturing,
are receiving less from the iPhone 6 compared to earlier models largely because
supply chain competition has pushed prices lower.

Parts cost 10 per cent less on average for the iPhone 6 versus earlier models,
technology analyst Wilson Miao said. "The biggest difference is that the profits
aren't as high as before. Every unit costs less," he said.

Apple is now buying display panels from Japanese firms JDI and Sharp, as well as
LG Display in South Korea because, unlike previous models, the iPhone 6 does not
use the "out-cell" technology offered by Taiwanese vendors, market research firm
TrendForce said.

"Taiwan manufacturers are virtually absent from the iPhone supply chain at this
point," it said.

Jabil Circuit in the US is making cases for the new handsets, according to US
news reports.

American consumer electronics companies such as Apple increasingly want products
assembled in the home market for branding purposes and to take advantage of US
government incentives for bringing manufacturing jobs back from overseas to
boost the economy. Apple says it has 60 suppliers in the US.

In contrast, it has 42 suppliers in Taiwan and 349 on the mainland across all
product types.

Taiwanese tech firms will now turn towards Apple's smartphone competitors such
as Samsung and Sony for new business as iPhone proceeds dwindle, said analysts.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Taiwan will get US$35 from the US$245 bill to make an iPhone 6.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              363 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                           September 29, 2014 Monday

Taiwan loses its grip on iPhone supply chain

BYLINE: Ralph Jennings in Taipei

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business; Technology; Pg.1

LENGTH: 457 words


Production of the hot-selling iPhone 6 is bringing business to a number of
Taiwanese technology firms and boosting factory orders on the mainland, although
supplier competition and sourcing changes at Apple have taken a bite out of the
region's  dependence on the popular handsets.

Apple has contracted Taiwanese tech giant Hon Hai Precision to make all its
iPhone 6 Plus handsets and 70 per cent of basic iPhone 6 orders, analysts say.
Pegatron, based in Taipei, will assemble the other 30 per cent, the Market
Intelligence and Consulting Institute in Taiwan estimates.

"Most of the worldwide assembly for the iPhone 6 range will take place in China,
because that is where the lowest costs and biggest factories are located," said
Neil Mawston, global wireless practice executive director at Strategy Analytics
in Britain.

But as Apple changes specs from earlier iPhone models and has the pick from a
bigger field of suppliers worldwide, mainland and Taiwanese companies are
getting fewer  orders compared to older iPhones.

"The components for the iPhone 6 portfolio come from a very globalised supply
chain," Mawston said.

Taiwan will pocket just US$25 to US$30 from the total US$245 to US$255
manufacturing bill of materials from each iPhone 6 handset, according to the
Market Intelligence and Consulting Institute.

Taiwanese firms, many of which send orders to the mainland  for manufacturing,
are receiving less from the iPhone 6 compared to earlier models largely because
supply chain competition has pushed prices lower.

Parts cost 10 per cent less on average for the iPhone 6 versus earlier models,
technology analyst Wilson Miao said. "The biggest difference is that the profits
aren't as high as before. Every unit costs less," he said.

Apple is now buying display panels from Japanese firms JDI and Sharp, as well as
LG Display in South Korea because, unlike previous models, the iPhone 6 does not
use the "out-cell"  technology offered by Taiwanese vendors, market research
firm TrendForce said.

"Taiwan manufacturers are virtually absent from the iPhone supply chain at this
point," it said.

Jabil Circuit in the US is making cases for the new handsets, according to US
news reports.

American consumer electronics companies such as Apple increasingly want products
assembled in the home market for branding purposes and to take advantage of US
government incentives for bringing manufacturing jobs back from overseas to
boost the economy. Apple says it has 60 suppliers in the US.

In contrast, it  has 42 suppliers in Taiwan and 349 on the mainland  across all
product types.

Taiwanese tech firms will now turn towards Apple's smartphone competitors such
as Samsung and Sony for new business as iPhone proceeds dwindle, said analysts.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:                  Taiwan will get US$35 from the US$245 bill to make an
iPhone 6.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              364 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                   City A.M.

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Apple sells record 10m iPhone 6 smartphones in just three days

BYLINE: OLIVER SMITH

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 146 words


APPLE broke its own records over the weekend selling more than 10m iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus devices.

Last year, Apple sold 9m of its iPhone 5S and 5C in 11 countries. This year it
exceeded that figure despite launching in just 10 countries, missing out on the
huge Chinese market where it is unlikely to sell the iPhone 6 until 2015.

"Sales for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus exceeded our expectations for the launch
weekend, and we couldn't be happier," said Apple's chief executive Tim Cook.

Apple's manufacturing partner in China, Foxconn, reportedly has 200,000 workers
across 100 production lines producing around 140,000 iPhone 6 Plus and 400,000
iPhone 6 devices every day.

"While our team managed the manufacturing ramp better than ever before, we could
have sold many more iPhones with greater supply and we are working hard to fill
orders as quickly as possible," added Cook.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Queues outside the Apple Store in Berlin ahead of the launch of the new
iPhone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CAM


                            Copyright 2014 City A.M.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              365 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             August 18, 2014 Monday

Will Apple introduce three new iPhones this year?

LENGTH: 570  words


Although not formally announced, it is widely expected that Apple will introduce
the new iPhone 6 on September 9. We are most likely to see a 4.7-inch version at
launch followed by a 5.5-inch version down the road. Two new iPhones in a year
shouldn't surprise anyone. Apple already did that last year with the [...]
The post Will Apple introduce three new iPhones this year? appeared first on
tbreak.ae.

Although not formally announced, it is widely expected that Apple will introduce
the new iPhone 6 on September 9. We are most likely to see a 4.7-inch version at
launch followed by a 5.5-inch version down the road. Two new iPhones in a year
shouldn't surprise anyone. Apple already did that last year with the iPhone 5S
and iPhone 5C. Question is- will we see a third new iPhone as well? I have a
feeling that we will.

Traditionally, Apple discounts the previous year's iPhone model when a newer one
is released. That changed when the iPhone 5S and 5C were released. The outgoing
iPhone 5 was eliminated from the product line-up and replaced with iPhone 5C.
Apple continued to sell the iPhone 4S. So what happens when iPhone 6 is
introduced? Surely, the iPhone 4S will go away but will Apple continue selling
the iPhone 5S and 5C? Nope.

I think Apple will replace both these models with one that has a 64-bit
processor, a 4-inch screen and dual sim cards. Yes, I think Apple is ready to
release an iPhone with dual SIM cards. I like to call it the iPhone 5d. Why do I
see Apple doing this? A couple of reasons actually.

First, the A7 processor on the iPhone 5C is not 64-bit and I think it would be
foolish of Apple to continue developing 32-bit and 64-bit versions of iOS 9. iOS
8 will make sure that all transitions from 32-bit to 64-bit are completed. With
iPhone 5 out of the product portfolio, it won't make sense for Apple to continue
supporting iPhone 5C as the only 32-bit device.

Second, the latest earnings reports from Apple showed China to be one of the
best growth markets for the iPhone along with India, Brazil and Russia. Guess
what sells even more in countries like India and China. Cheaper, dual SIM
models. I believe Apple would be making a mistake if they don't entertain the
dual SIM market in these highly populated countries with a cheaper iPhone.

Traditionally, dual SIM is associated with a cheaper phone and Apple could very
easily accommodate that with the iPhone 5d that will have the plastic build
similar to the iPhone 5C. It would have a 4-inch display which will make it
smaller than the iPhone 6 at 4.7-inch or a 5.5-inch display, be powered by the
64-bit Apple A7 processor and come in capacities of 8GB and 16GB. The camera
will remain unchanged from the iPhone 5C - so expect an 8MP shooter with a 1.2MP
front facing one. Battery capacity will be around 1500mAh and I do believe that
it will support LTE along with your usual Wi-Fi and Bluetooth radios.

I doubt that Apple will reveal the iPhone 5d at the same time as the iPhone 6.
They realised that revealing two new iPhones at the same time such as the iPhone
5S and 5C doesn't allow them to keep both models in the spotlight- one of them
takes over like the iPhone 5S did. Also considering that a larger 5.5-inch model
is expected, I think the iPhone 5d to take a back seat- probably waiting until
the inventory for the iPhone 5c starts running dry.

The post Will Apple introduce three new iPhones this year? appeared first on
tbreak.ae.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2014 TBREAK MEDIA
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              366 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         7 Days (United Arab Emirates)

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday

Fans can register interest in Apple iPhone 6 in UAE

LENGTH: 174 words


Apple fans can now register their interest in the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
in the UAE.

This morning, UAE network provider, Etisalat tweeted: "Now you can register for
the #iPhone6 & #iPhone6Plus from this link etisalat.ae/iphone6."

Preorders for the iPhone will open on Friday morning in the UAE, UK, Australia,
Canada, France, Hong Kong, Japan Puerto Rico and Singapore.

Many people are being warned demand will be high for the flagship phones and the
speed of websites could slow down due to server overload.

Prices for the iPhone 6 start from Dhs2,599 while the iPhone 6 Plus costs Dhs
2,999.

Customers can choose from a silver, gold or space grey finish and storage of
16GB, 64GB or 128GB.

Apple launched both the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, along with the Apple Watch
at an event in Cupertino.

The 4.7 inch iPhone 6 and 5.5-inch iPhone Plus are much slimmer than
predecessors and include features iOS with HealthKit and HomeKit.

The Apple watch will be paired with iPhone and available in three types,
including a sport and luxury gold edition.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 10


                     Copyright 2014 7 Days - Al Sidra Media
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              367 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Business Times Singapore

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

You can pre-order your iPhone 6 from Sept 12;
SingTel, StarHub already registering expressions of interest

BYLINE: amit roy choudhury

SECTION: TOP STORIES

LENGTH: 579 words


%5BSINGAPORE%5D Apple's new iPhone 6 will be available in Singapore from
September 19, the global launch date for the phone. The Apple website for
Singapore says that pre-orders will start from Sept 12.

One of the new features of the iPhone 6 models is that it supports what is known
as voice over LTE (long term evolution) or VoLTE for short. VoLTE allows voice
calls to go through an LTE or 4G network which is exclusively meant for data.
Most phones today connect to the 4G network for data and use the older 3G
network for voice.

Since VoLTE allows phones to use the 4G data network, calls go through as data
packets. As a result, it's possible for a VoLTE-enabled phone to seamlessly
transfer a voice call to a local WiFi network when the mobile signal is weak and
then re-transfer it back to the mobile network when the signal gets stronger.
Internet-based calls similar to the type of service that Skype offers are also
possible. Of course, all these can only happen if the carrier supports the
service.

During the presentation, Apple showed a slide with all its global VoLTE carrier
partners. For Singapore, it listed a sole telco: StarHub. When asked about this,
a StarHub spokeswoman said very guardedly: "StarHub customers using the new
iPhones will be able to enjoy VoLTE calls." She refused to clarify further.

An M1 spokesman was equally cryptic: "We are testing the VoLTE technology and it
is expected to be available by November."

A SingTel spokesman noted that the telco launched its VoLTE service in May this
year. "Our service will be available to the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus users
soon."

From the statements, it's apparent that only StarHub will be able to provide
VoLTE services from the day the iPhone 6 is sold in Singapore.

The Apple website for Singapore says that without contract, the iPhone 6 will
start from S$988 while the larger iPhone 6 Plus will start from S$1,148. SingTel
and StarHub are already registering expressions of interest.

The other major announcement made by Apple on Tuesday was the long-rumoured
smart watch called Apple Watch. The device will be available in early 2015 and
will start from US$349. Singapore pricing and availability is not known yet.

As smart watches go, the device is very pricey compared to the current models
available from Apple's rivals. However, Apple's chief executive officer Tim Cook
feels that the watch will have sufficient bells and whistles to command the
premium.

Apple Watch will come in two sizes and the company has designed six different
straps for it. There are also three collections - the standard Apple Watch, the
fitness lover's Apple Watch Sport and the premium Apple Watch Edition which will
be 18k gold plated. Straps in different colours will also be available. Mr Cook
said that with three models, two sizes and different coloured straps, there are
plenty of options for personalisation.

The Apple Watch will require the iPhone 6, iPhone 5, or iPhone 5C in order to
function.

Ian Fogg, senior director at IHS Technology, notes that the Apple Watch stands
on the shoulders of the company's iPhones.

"Significantly, the addressable market for Apple Watch will be tied to the
installed base of iPhones. While Apple has shipped 551 million iPhones
cumulatively to the end of June 2014, the iPhone's global installed base will be
slightly under 400 million at the end of this year. But of those, only a little
more than half, or over 200 million, will be an iPhone 5 or newer models."

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              368 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

Pokémon Go draining your iPhone battery?;
These four battery pack/charger cases will keep you in the game longer and
protect the device.;
PRODUCT REVIEWS

BYLINE: By CNET.com

SECTION: ; Pg. SA3

LENGTH: 544 words


The Mophie Juice Pack Plus more than doubles your iPhone's battery life. An
indicator light helps you keep tabs on power levels.

The inexpensive Trianium Atomic S Battery Case has a simple, unfussy design and
charges your iPhone in a relatively short time. MCT PHOTOS

The Incipio Offgrid Express will fully charge the iPhone once and powers up your
phone's battery just as well as more expensive chargers.

The OtterBox Resurgence Power Case powers up your iPhone to nearly a full
charge, all while protecting it from rough drops and bumps.

If your iPhone's battery is draining like crazy because of Pokémon Go, check out
these charger cases so you can keep catching 'em all.

Mophie Juice Pack Plus for iPhone 6/6S

Product Review: www.cnet.com/products/mophie-juicepack-plus-for-iphone-6
-6s/#ftag=-CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The Mophie Juice Pack Plus more than doubles your iPhone's battery
life. An indicator light helps you keep tabs on power levels, and its burly
plastic construction protects against drops.

The bad: The case is pricey and its matte finish attracts fingerprints.

The cost: $119.95

The bottom line: Mophie's backup battery case remains one of the best in the
biz, but it's pricier than others, so consider it an investment.

Trianium Atomic S Battery Case for iPhone 6/6S

Product Review: www.cnet.com/products/trianium-atomic-s-battery-case-for-
iphone-6-6s/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The inexpensive Trianium Atomic S Battery Case has a simple, unfussy
design and charges your iPhone in a relatively short time.

The bad: The large opening in the back of the case is no deal breaker, but it
does look jarring.

The cost: $38.13 to $38.99

The bottom line: Affordable and well designed, the Trianium Atomic S Battery
Case is the top iPhone battery case for its price range.

OtterBox Resurgence Power Case for iPhone 6/6S

Product Review: www.cnet.com/products/otterbox-resurgence-power-case-for-
iphone-6-6s/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The OtterBox Resurgence Power Case powers up your iPhone to nearly a
full charge, all while protecting it from rough drops and bumps.

The bad: The accessory takes some wrangling to attach and detach, and it isn't
as elegant-looking as other battery cases. After a fall, the case can pop apart.

The cost: $36.73

The bottom line: The Otter-Box Resurgence Power Case is a good choice for power
and protection, but if you don't need that much durability, consider something
with a sleeker design.

Incipio Offgrid Express for iPhone 6/6S

Product Review: www.cnet.com/products/incipio-offgridexpress-for-iphone-6
-6s/#ftag=-CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The Incipio Off-grid Express will fully charge the iPhone once and
powers up your phone's battery just as well as more expensive chargers.

The bad: The case has a few inelegant open seams that look unattractive and
awkward.

The cost: $43.09

The bottom line: The Incipio Offgrid Express has some design flaws, but get this
over the pricier Mophie Juice Pack.

The following CNET staff contributed to this story: Senior Associate Editor Lynn
La and Senior Editor Laura K. Cucullu. For more reviews of personal technology
products, please visit www.cnet.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              369 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

Pokémon Go draining your iPhone battery?;
These four battery pack/charger cases will keep you in the game longer and
protect the device.;
PRODUCT REVIEWS

BYLINE: By CNET.com

SECTION: ; Pg. SA3

LENGTH: 544 words


The Mophie Juice Pack Plus more than doubles your iPhone's battery life. An
indicator light helps you keep tabs on power levels.

The inexpensive Trianium Atomic S Battery Case has a simple, unfussy design and
charges your iPhone in a relatively short time. MCT PHOTOS

The Incipio Offgrid Express will fully charge the iPhone once and powers up your
phone's battery just as well as more expensive chargers.

The OtterBox Resurgence Power Case powers up your iPhone to nearly a full
charge, all while protecting it from rough drops and bumps.

If your iPhone's battery is draining like crazy because of Pokémon Go, check out
these charger cases so you can keep catching 'em all.

Mophie Juice Pack Plus for iPhone 6/6S

Product Review: www.cnet.com/products/mophie-juicepack-plus-for-iphone-6
-6s/#ftag=-CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The Mophie Juice Pack Plus more than doubles your iPhone's battery
life. An indicator light helps you keep tabs on power levels, and its burly
plastic construction protects against drops.

The bad: The case is pricey and its matte finish attracts fingerprints.

The cost: $119.95

The bottom line: Mophie's backup battery case remains one of the best in the
biz, but it's pricier than others, so consider it an investment.

Trianium Atomic S Battery Case for iPhone 6/6S

Product Review: www.cnet.com/products/trianium-atomic-s-battery-case-for-
iphone-6-6s/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The inexpensive Trianium Atomic S Battery Case has a simple, unfussy
design and charges your iPhone in a relatively short time.

The bad: The large opening in the back of the case is no deal breaker, but it
does look jarring.

The cost: $38.13 to $38.99

The bottom line: Affordable and well designed, the Trianium Atomic S Battery
Case is the top iPhone battery case for its price range.

OtterBox Resurgence Power Case for iPhone 6/6S

Product Review: www.cnet.com/products/otterbox-resurgence-power-case-for-
iphone-6-6s/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The OtterBox Resurgence Power Case powers up your iPhone to nearly a
full charge, all while protecting it from rough drops and bumps.

The bad: The accessory takes some wrangling to attach and detach, and it isn't
as elegant-looking as other battery cases. After a fall, the case can pop apart.

The cost: $36.73

The bottom line: The Otter-Box Resurgence Power Case is a good choice for power
and protection, but if you don't need that much durability, consider something
with a sleeker design.

Incipio Offgrid Express for iPhone 6/6S

Product Review: www.cnet.com/products/incipio-offgridexpress-for-iphone-6
-6s/#ftag=-CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The Incipio Off-grid Express will fully charge the iPhone once and
powers up your phone's battery just as well as more expensive chargers.

The bad: The case has a few inelegant open seams that look unattractive and
awkward.

The cost: $43.09

The bottom line: The Incipio Offgrid Express has some design flaws, but get this
over the pricier Mophie Juice Pack.

The following CNET staff contributed to this story: Senior Associate Editor Lynn
La and Senior Editor Laura K. Cucullu. For more reviews of personal technology
products, please visit www.cnet.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              370 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           October 29, 2015 Thursday

Apple iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone 6s review

LENGTH: 1423  words


By Abbas Jaffar Ali -

TLDR: The iPhone 6s is the best iPhone yet.

You didn't need me to tell you that. Apple's already doing a great job at that.
And almost every review you've read has highlighted that. So what could I
possibly add that hasn't been talked about? Not much really. I figured that the
best option would be to highlight what's new about these iPhones and then
compare how the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus differ. Hopefully this will help
you decided which one might be the right one for you.

Before we get into it, I would like to highlight that the iPhone 6s is my
personal unit that I upgraded from my iPhone 6 Plus. You can read why I moved to
the smaller size here. The iPhone 6s Plus was provided to me by Apple on loan
for review purposes.

Apple changes the design of the iPhone every couple of years so the design of
the iPhone 6S is, expectedly like it's predecessor. What's new is the material
that Apple has used for the enclosure- it's a new alloy of 7000 Series aluminum
and is super strong that should prevent any bending issues people had with the
older iPhone.

Apple has also added a new color Rose Gold color option with the iPhone 6S and
it is beautiful. I didn't like the color much in pictures and thought that it
looked very pink but in reality, it resembles a shade of copper and has become
my favorite color. I do have one complain though- of the four colors that the
iPhone 6s is available in, three have a white front and only the space grey is
black. I would like Apple to change that with the iPhone 7 and see more dark
fronts.

The Winner: Both the iPhones look identical. It really comes down to your
personal preference- if you like bigger phones, buy the Plus, otherwise pick up
the iPhone 6s. Personally, I'd pick the iPhone 6s because its more manageable
with one hand.

The biggest change that Apple has brought about in the iPhone 6s is 3D Touch
which adds pressure sensitivity to the screen allowing you to quickly access
functions that would otherwise require multiple taps. It's a power users tool
and my favorite new feature. The way it works is that you push a little harder
on an App's icon to get a menu which ranges from app to app. For example, the
camera app allows you to directly go into Selfie mode or the Phone app shows
some of your favorite contacts.

3D Touch also works within apps through peek and pop functions. If you're in
your inbox, you can peek into a preview of your email or press harder to open
it. In Instagram, while looking at a user's profile, you can peek into each
photo. You can also 3D touch the edge of your screen to go back to a previous
app or open multi-tasking, although this particular action is the one I found
the hardest to use- especially if you have a cover on your iPhone.

Although 3D Touch is a step in the right direction, it requires tweaking and
refinement, which is expected from a first gen feature. The good thing is that
many of the tweaks are software based so Apple should easily be able to control
the experience with iOS updates. Coming to the actual hardware, where I would
love to see it go is in the direction of the new trackpads on MacBooks that
completely tricks your brain into thinking that you've pressed the trackpad.
That's Apple magic.

The Winner: The larger size of the iPhone 6s Plus makes it harder to use with 3D
Touch gestures such as swiping from one end of the phone to the other so my
recommendation is to go with iPhone 6s.

The camera on the iPhone finally gets a megapixel bump after the 8MP sensor was
introduced on the iPhone 4s. That does not mean that Apple hasn't improved the
camera on the iPhones that followed- it has improved tremendously. But the
megapixel count was stuck at 8MP and with the iPhone 6s, Apple has made the jump
to 12MP. Increasing the megapixels doesn't automatically improve the quality of
the camera but it does let you zoom more into pictures and provides a bigger
cropping area.

The bigger improvement to the camera is on the front with the FaceTime HD camera
being bumped to 5MP and with a screen flash that will allow you to take good
selfies even in low-lit conditions. Apple has also updated the video camera to
4K but you really need a stable pair on hands or OIS on the camera which is only
present on the iPhone 6s Plus and works with both stills and videos.

On the software side, Apple has introduces Live Photos that take 1.5 seconds of
recordings before and after the photo is taken giving you moving pictures. I had
used this feature on HTC phones in the past and really liked it so I'm glad that
Apple has added them on the iPhone. A software update will fix one of my
complains which was the sudden shakiness of you lowering your hand after taking
a photo.

The Winner: The iPhone 6S plus is the clear winner here mainly because of the
OIS that you get on stills and movies which is especially helpful if you're
planning on shooting in 4k. Also, the larger screen makes for a better
viewfinder experience.

The iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s Plus are based on the new Apple A9 processor and
come with 2GB of RAM which helps tremendously switching between apps. Having
owned last year's iPhone 6 Plus, I was a bit concerned about the performance on
the Plus model which was noticeably laggier than the non Plus model.

The iPhone 6 Plus has a higher 1920×1080 resolution screen (2M pixels) compared
to the regular iPhone 6 which has a 1334×750 resolution screen or 1M pixels.
However, the iPhone 6 Plus internally renders at an even higher 2208×1242
resolution (2.7M pixels) and then scale it down to 1920×1080. Clearly, the A8
and A9 chips do a lot more work on the Plus variants resulting in the lagginess.

The good news is that the Plus version of the phone runs much smoother with the
iPhone 6s models. However, even with the iOS 9.1 update released a few days
back, it's not as smooth as the regular 6s model which runs like butter. I could
still see a few stutters on the iPhone 6s Plus but I believe that with the raw
performance that the A9 processor offers, Apple will be able to optimize many of
the UI effects.

The winner: If you want the best performance, the iPhone 6s is definitely the
clear winner with a butter smooth UI.

One of my biggest complains with the iPhone 6 when it was originally released
was the battery life. There was hardly a day when I could get past 6PM on a full
charge and it was the reason I sold my iPhone 6 to buy the Plus. The larger size
of the Plus allows for a bigger battery and one that easily lasts you a full
day.

With software update to iOS 8, the battery life on iPhone 6 improved and with
iOS 9 Apple introduced the battery saver option that got more juice out of your
battery. On the iPhone 6s, I now get enough battery to last until early parts of
the night.

However, the iPhone 6s Plus continues to be the king when it comes to battery
life. On regular days, I have well over 40% capacity left by the time I hit my
bed but even on days when I'm out and about using the iPhone to record
interviews, videos and pictures, as well as tethering data, the iPhone 6s Plus
still lasts me till the end of the day.

Winner: Clearly the iPhone 6s Plus with it's bigger battery is the best option
if you want a device that lasts you all day and then some. The iPhone 6s
struggles to make it to the end of the day without getting some recharging.

I've tried to cover most of the bigger changes that Apple has made to the new
iPhone 6s. There are some other changes as well such as an addition of a 4th
microphone and an insanely faster TouchID that barely lets you see the lock
screen. Apple has also made the iPhone 6s a bit more water resistant. You get
all of that with both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s Plus.

Between the two phones, there is no "better" one. It all depends on what's
important to you. If you like large phones, the iPhone 6s Plus is the way to go.
You get additional battery life and a better camera experience with it. On the
other hand, if you prefer a device more manageable in one hand, then the iPhone
6s would be a better option. It's easier to use with gestures and has better
performance.

It's the best iPhone yet. But you didn't need me to tell you that.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/90/144611764948.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/84/144611765095.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/87/144611765253.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/47/144611765410.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/6/144611765551.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/85/144611765675.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/36/144611765771.gif



LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              371 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Globes [online] - Israel's Business Arena

                           September 20, 2015 Sunday

New iPhone 6S to be launched in Israel in October;
The iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus iPhones will be sold officially in Israel
through several importers, including the major cellular operators.

BYLINE: Tzahi Hoffman

LENGTH: 359 words


Apple will launch the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus in selected countries on
Friday, including the US, the UK, France, and Germany. Israel is not included in
the first launch wave, but it has been learned that the device will reach Israel
very soon - in late October-early November, according to reports.

iPhones are sold officially in Israel through a number of importers, including
the major cellular operators (Partner Communications Ltd. (Nasdaq: PTNR; TASE:
PTNR), Cellcom Israel Ltd. (NYSE:CEL; TASE:CEL), and Pelephone Communications
Ltd.), and also through importer C-Data.

The price of an iPhone 6S in the US will be NIS 2,700 (including local taxes),
while the price of an iPhone 6S Plus will be NIS 3,130.

A year ago, the price of an iPhone 6 at its launch in Israel was NIS 3,700,
while the iPhone 6 Plus was sold for NIS 4,200. The current price of an iPhone 6
is NIS 3,500, and the iPhone 6 Plus is going for NIS 3,900.

What is new about the new iPhones

The new iPhones appear exactly the same as their predecessors, but they are made
out of a newer and tougher aluminum, with the same size screen and new protected
glass. The significant innovation in the iPHone 6S and the iPhone 6S Plus is a
touch screen technology called 3D Touch.

3D Touch technology identifies the force of the finger touching the screen and
provides new gestures. For example, when you touch the headline of an e-mail
message, you get a quick glimpse of the body of the message. Apps like Instagram
and Facebook will support the technology, and in the case of Facebook, status
can be raised directly from the home page on the iPhone by touching the icon and
opening an additional menu.

The new iPhones include the same screens: 4.7-inch with 750 x 1334 pixels
resolution for the iPhone 6S and 5.5-inch with 1080 x 1920 pixels resolution for
the iPhone 6S Plus. The iPhones come with an A9 processor on a 64-bit platform.
The A9 includes the movement processor that was formerly a separate processor
inside the smartphone.

Published by Globes [online], Israel business news - www.globes-online.com - on
September 20, 2015

© Copyright of Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd. 2015

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2015 Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              372 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Globes [online] - Israel's Business Arena

                           September 20, 2015 Sunday

New iPhone 6S to be launched in Israel in October;
The iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus iPhones will be sold officially in Israel
through several importers, including the major cellular operators.

BYLINE: Tzahi Hoffman

LENGTH: 359 words


Apple will launch the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus in selected countries on
Friday, including the US, the UK, France, and Germany. Israel is not included in
the first launch wave, but it has been learned that the device will reach Israel
very soon - in late October-early November, according to reports.

iPhones are sold officially in Israel through a number of importers, including
the major cellular operators (Partner Communications Ltd. (Nasdaq: PTNR; TASE:
PTNR), Cellcom Israel Ltd. (NYSE:CEL; TASE:CEL), and Pelephone Communications
Ltd.), and also through importer C-Data.

The price of an iPhone 6S in the US will be NIS 2,700 (including local taxes),
while the price of an iPhone 6S Plus will be NIS 3,130.

A year ago, the price of an iPhone 6 at its launch in Israel was NIS 3,700,
while the iPhone 6 Plus was sold for NIS 4,200. The current price of an iPhone 6
is NIS 3,500, and the iPhone 6 Plus is going for NIS 3,900.

What is new about the new iPhones

The new iPhones appear exactly the same as their predecessors, but they are made
out of a newer and tougher aluminum, with the same size screen and new protected
glass. The significant innovation in the iPHone 6S and the iPhone 6S Plus is a
touch screen technology called 3D Touch.

3D Touch technology identifies the force of the finger touching the screen and
provides new gestures. For example, when you touch the headline of an e-mail
message, you get a quick glimpse of the body of the message. Apps like Instagram
and Facebook will support the technology, and in the case of Facebook, status
can be raised directly from the home page on the iPhone by touching the icon and
opening an additional menu.

The new iPhones include the same screens: 4.7-inch with 750 x 1334 pixels
resolution for the iPhone 6S and 5.5-inch with 1080 x 1920 pixels resolution for
the iPhone 6S Plus. The iPhones come with an A9 processor on a 64-bit platform.
The A9 includes the movement processor that was formerly a separate processor
inside the smartphone.

Published by Globes [online], Israel business news - www.globes-online.com - on
September 20, 2015

© Copyright of Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd. 2015

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2015 Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              373 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                              May 9, 2014, Friday

iPhone rumor rollup for the week ending May 9;
Sapphire sticker shock, date conflicts, fingerprint findings

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1665 words


The iOSphere was rocked by iPhone 6 Sticker Shock, at about 10+ on the Richter
scale, when one "report" this week predictedthat the Next iPhone will cover its
5.44-inch display with a synthetic sapphire sheet that will boost the phone's
unlocked price to $1,285.

Also this week, how anonymous rumors that iPhone 6 will ship in "third quarter"
are translated into "August" and "September," leaving July inconsolable. And the
iPhone 6 fingerprint sensors are now shipping which means ... well, it's not
clear what that means but it's an iPhone Fact.

You read it here second.

Talk about a bummer. And even if you could afford it, Apple is only going to
build 10 million of them over the phone's life-cycle of two to three years, so
the chance of you actually finding one are remote, given that Apple currently is
selling roughly 180 million iPhones yearly based on sales over the last two
quarters.

This rumor originated on the Chinese Weibo site, though the link posted by
various Western sites leads to a page that now seems to be unavailable for
translation.

G for Games was one of the first to trumpet the, frankly, unbelievable "news,"
with the headline "5.44-inch iPhone 6: 10 Mil.

Units Life-cycle; Sapphire Pretty Damn Expensive (Rumor)."

+ More: What the rumor mill expects from iOS 8  | History: 5 years ago they said
the iPhone would be a flop + "The latest rumors now suggest that the larger
iPhone 6 will in fact pack a 5.44 inch display, and that, due to the high
production costs, the smartphone might be produced in smaller quantities," wrote
Mihai Matei, apparently without pausing to wonder about the feasibility of
expanding the iPhone brand by selling fewer phones.

"These latest reports suggest that the sapphire screen costs around 1743 yuan
(or $280), which would raise the final cost of the device to about 8000 yuan (or
$1,285) - at least in China," writes Mihai Matei. "At the moment, the 16 GB
iPhone 5S costs 5288 yuan in China ($850), whereas the beefier 64 GB variant is
retailed at the price of 6888 yuan (or $1106)."

The $280 price tag for the sapphire cover seems preposterous.

The current Corning Gorilla Glass cover for today's 4-inch iPhone models is
estimated by a materials analyst at one market research firm to be $3 per sheet,
which would make the (admittedly much larger) 5.44-inch sapphire cover nearly
100 times more expensive. At that rate, you're treating sapphire as a gemstone,
not an industrial material.

Perhaps the best sapphire screen estimates have been developed by Yole
Development, a market research firm headquartered in Lyon, France, as Network
World reported in the recent "How Apple's billion dollar sapphire bet will pay
off."    "We modeled a $17 cost initially for the finished part [i.e., for an
iPhone display cover]," says Eric Virey, senior market and technology analyst
for LED devices and materials at Yole. Adding in margins for the various supply
chain partners, "We expect Apple to initially pay around $20 per part," he says.
"That's a significant increase compared to an equivalent part made of Gorilla
Glass, which should cost around $3."

If Apple releases sapphire for only a high-end iPhone model, and not for the 'c'
variant, it could possibly pass the cost to the buyer in the form of a higher
price. Or Apple could absorb the costs itself, reducing the iPhone's margin and
hence its profitability at least temporarily. Virey notes that some of the added
costs could be offset by savings in warranty costs due to fewer cracked iPhone
screens that have to be replaced.

Apple is treating sapphire as a strategic material, in quantities too vast to be
used by an "iWatch," no matter how many were sold. But at this point, it is
completely unclear whether Apple intends to introduce sapphire covers in 2014 or
2015 products, or whether they might initially be limited to some kind of "super
premium" iPhone with a higher price tag.

AppAdvice's Bryan Wolfe dismissed the GForGames account. "While it is entirely
possible that Apple would charge this amount for an iPhone 6 phablet, I don't
buy it," he wrote. "Just last week, for example, the company dropped the price
for the entry-level MacBook Air to $899. This compares to $849 for an unlocked
64GB iPhone 5s."

But that's not a very convincing line of reasoning. Few, if any, buyers are
going to conclude that, because the MacBook air is just $50 more than an
unlocked 5s, it's a better buy. That's because they "hire" the phone for a
different job than the laptop, and most iPhones are sold (at least in the U.S.)
with some kind of carrier subsidy.

Taiwan's Economic Daily News reports that Apple will unveil and release an
iPhone 6 model with a 4.7-inch screen in August, or at least one month earlier
than expected, according to a rehash of that story by Reuters.

No link was provided to the EDN story and The Rollup couldn't find one to the
Chinese language original. Founded in 1967, the Economic Daily News was the
first economic and business newspaper in the Republic of China, covering local,
regional and international economic and financial news, currently with a
circulation of about 368,000.

EDN based its reporting on "unidentified supply-chain sources," according to
Reuters' Michael Gold.

Also in the story, apparently from the same sources: Apple will release a
5.5-inch or 5.6-inch model in September; and that 80 million iPhone 6 handsets
would be "produced" in 2014. Presumably that is a forecast of how many units
will be assembled, but not necessarily sold.

Once again, the predictions of two different sizes for the new iPhone raise more
questions than they answer. Apple segmented the iPhone line for the first time
in 2013, when it introduced the lower-priced, plastic-bodied 5c along with the
5s, both with 4-inch displays. Contrary to widespread belief, the limited
credible data we have about the 5c indicates that it has achieved the goals
Apple apparently set for it. [See "The great 'iPhone 5c is a failure' freakout:
Getting the few facts available wrong."] Will Apple continue to offer a 4-inch
model? Despite all the frenzy over how Apple is missing out on a huge chunk of
the market, remains a hugely successful global seller: in the last two quarters,
Apple has sold nearly 95 million 4-inch smartphones.

Or will it transition both the flagship 5s and the mid-range 5c to larger
screens, and will those larger screens be the same size or different? Will this
larger screen mean a price hike? Will a still-larger iPhone product (a 5.5-inch
model, for example) be offered as a third iPhone option, priced yet higher?

Here's the headline from the anonymous post AppleInsider: "Rumor: Apple supplier
Pegatron nets orders for 4.7-inch 'iPhone 6,' to ship in September."

To AppleInsider this is variously a "rumor," "rumblings" and a "report."

"A report from Taiwan's Commercial Times on Tuesday claims Pegatron's 15 percent
share of upcoming 4.7-inch iPhone 6 orders is in addition to continued
manufacturing of current models like iPhone 5C and 4S," according to the post,
which does include a link to the original Chinese language post.

When The Rollup copied and pasted the hanzi into Google Translate, the one
paragraph actually referencing the iPhone 6 is this: "Apple's supply chain
rumors, Apple will deliver a 4.7 -inch iPhone in the third quarter, the market
is also optimistic about the size of enlarged iPhone, expected to create a new
wave of buying boom, and the master also won about 15% of new iPhone orders, is
expected to begin in September of goods, coupled with the old iPhone 4S, iPhone
5C, estimated this year's iPhone Pegatron point total shipments of 50 million
units, compared to 3,500 million units last year, a significant growth of 40%."

So there is no "report." It's simply a summary of "supply chain rumors." The
"third quarter" refers to the July-August-September period, not "September" as
AppleInsider asserts.

In other words, nobody knows when Whatever-it-is actually will be announced or
available.

Let's face it: this is hardly something to make one's pulse race. The Touch ID
fingerprint sensor was introduced for the higher-end iPhone 5s last fall, but
not for the lower-priced, plastic-bodied iPhone 5c. So the belief and
expectation that iPhone 6 will keep Touch ID doesn't really rise to the level of
yawnability.

But that didn't stop sites like MacRumors from declaring that, as Richard
Padilla writes, "Apple supplier Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company
(TSMC) has reportedly provided the first batch of Touch ID fingerprint sensors
to be used in the iPhone 6, iPad Air 2 and iPad Mini 3...."

OK, so Touch ID being extended to the iPads is different.

The iOSphere rumor amplification is based on the first origination at what
Padilla describes as a "component information website" called cecb2b.com and
then, again, picked up by GForGames.  The Rollup's Google Translate version of
original Chinese: "News from Taiwan, said the industry, TSMC has begun in
mid-April to provide fingerprint sensor assembly for Apple iPhone 6, iPad Air 2,
the third generation iPad mini, back-end services outsourced to Xintec, Suzhou
Jing Fang two semiconductor manufacturers. According to informed sources pointed
out that mainland China, Suzhou Jing Fang semiconductors, TSMC has delivered the
first batch of the product."

Give whatever credibility you want to "informed sources."

Mashable added what passes for "context" in the iOSphere. "A report in January
noted that TSMC would begin production on the sensors sometime in the second
quarter of this year with a new 12-inch fab processing method, however a report
in February stated that TSMC would be using the same 8-inch fingerprint sensor
processing method that was used for the iPhone 5s."

Wow. Apple is going to keep using the same 8-inch fab processing method!

Using TheRollup Translate service we come up with: "nobody knows what's going
on."

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network
World.Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2014 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              374 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

People line up outside Fayetteville store for new iPhone 6

BYLINE: Amanda Dolasinski, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 524 words


Sept. 19--A line of people snaked around Fayetteville's AT&T store counting down
until Friday morning when they got the first crack at purchasing the new iPhone
6 or iPhone 6 Plus.

"The only thing I didn't see was a gas grill," said Scott Legge, store manager,
who arrived at the store around 5 a.m. "People were lined up from the front door
to the back of the store."

Apple started selling the newest generation of the iPhone Friday morning. The
phones were launched in 10 countries Friday.

"There's a lot of excitement," Legge said. "Today, there's a significant number
of our customers interested in iPhones."

Legge said he anticipated lines, so he called in extra staff and had
refreshments waiting for the first customers in the door Friday.

Although the line had dwindled by lunchtime, several customers mingled in the
store testing the iPhones and talking to staff about tricks and tips for using
them.

Legge declined to say how many iPhones the store received or how many had been
sold Friday.

By noon, Tammy Tuttle said the iPhone 6 Plus model that she wanted was already
sold out. Instead, she opted for the iPhone 6.

The phone's larger screen was appealing to Tuttle, who takes photos of cakes she
creates for her business, T-Tuttlecakes, and posts them online. She researched
the phone for several days before stopping in AT&T.

"I'm a cake decorator and I take a lot of pictures," she said. "I have to edit
them and add the logo to give it a more professional look. I wanted the bigger
screen and more memory."

Brooke Sotero, of Fort Bragg, knew she wanted the new iPhone, but wasn't sure if
she wanted the Plus model, which has the larger, 5 1/2 inch display.

Sotero is usually holding a toddler on her hip and has to type and send text
messages using only her free hand, she said.

"I was looking online to order it, but I wanted to hold onto to see," she said.
"The Plus is too big, with all the kids stuff, it's hard."

Kerry Jenkins met his wife, Sherry, at the AT&T store on their lunch breaks
Friday to upgrade their phones. Jenkins said he has been a loyal Apple customer
since he purchased his first Mac computer in 1987.

He most recently had been using the iPhone 4, but wanted to take advantage of
AT&T's trade-in special, which gave him $200 credit toward the new iPhone if he
returned the iPhone 4.

Jenkins, who teaches graphic design at Methodist University, said Apple products
have always been standard in his industry. Aside from its business purpose,
Jenkins said he likes the ease of streaming music from his phone

"One of the reasons I like it is cause I've got iTunes, so my car can use my
phone to play my music," he said.

Earlier this week, Apple announced a record number of first day pre-orders of
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus with 4 million in the first 24 hours.

That's double the record set for iPhone 5, when Apple reported 2 million
pre-orders in its first 24 hours.

Staff writer Amanda Dolasinski can be reached at dolasinskia@fayobserver.com or
486-3528.

___ (c)2014 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140919-FY-People-line-up-outside-Fayetteville-store-for-new-iPhone-6
-0919-20140919

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2014 The Fayetteville Observer


                              375 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Get in line now for IPhone 6;
Expect sellout crowd on opening weekend

BYLINE: Jefferson Graham, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 372 words


Hoping to get your hands on the new iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus when it goes on
sale next week? Better plan to shop early.

This week Apple introduced two new iPhones, a  mobile payment system and a
smartwatch that goes on sale in 2015. The phones go on sale Sept. 19.

Analysts who cover Apple expect the new, larger phones to be sold out completely
by the end of the opening weekend, as Apple scrambles to get more inventory into
stores.

"This will be the biggest iPhone launch since the introduction of the first
iPhone," says Tim Bajarin, an analyst with Creative Strategies. "Revolutionary."

Gene Munster, an analyst with Piper Jaffray, predicts Apple will sell 92 million
new iPhones by the end of the year. There are currently 300 million iPhones in
use worldwide.

Getting the  phones into consumer hands will be "the biggest frenzy" ever for
Apple, says Richard Doherty, an analyst with the Envisioneering Group. "There
are tens of millions waiting to get these new phones, and Apple has to get all
of them off the assembly line, into consumers' hands. That's really hard to do."

The new iPhones have gotten larger as Apple tries to shore up the gap with
competitors Samsung, Sony and Microsoft, whose most popular phones have larger
screens than Apple.

The iPhone 6 has a 4.7-inch LCD screen, up from 4 inches for the current iPhone
5s, while the larger iPhone 6 Plus has a 5.5-inch screen.

Of the two phones, Bajarin and other analysts expect the smaller iPhone 6 to be
the larger seller over time, but the Plus to be harder to get on opening
weekend.

Bigger phones are more popular overseas, says Bajarin, so Apple will have more
Plus phones available there, making them harder to come by here.

Additionally, "the novelty of the bigger phone will push people" to the Plus,
says Frank Gillette, an analyst with Forrester Research.

Doherty calls the new Six Plus "the new status symbol," a phone that will be so
hard to get he sees a rental business erupting for it.

"Go to a meeting and look really cool for $50 a day," he says.

The iPhone 6 starts at $199 with 16 GB of storage, or $299 with 64 GB, while the
Plus starts at $299 with 16 GB and $399 with 64 GB. Pre-orders for the phones
begin Friday, and the phones go on sale Sept. 19.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2014 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              376 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Central Western Daily

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

ORANGE caught iPhone fever yesterday as about 100 peo

BYLINE: TRACEY PRISK

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 302 words


ORANGE caught iPhone fever yesterday as about 100 people lined up before 8am to
purchase the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

Telstra Orange named Grant Dombrain an iPhone super fan, thanks to his brand
loyalty, and contacted him ahead of yesterday's release to ensure he was first
Telstra customer to purchase the new iPhone.

"I've always had iPhones, they're just easy to use, and I get good service from
Telstra," Mr Dombrain said.

"(But) I'm surprised to see so many people here to get phones."

Josh Cheney said his contract had expired on his previous iPhone and he decided
to use yesterday's iPhone 6 launch as an opportunity to upgrade.

"My missus talked me into doing it. She probably wants to get her hands on it,"
he joked.

Bathurst residents Britney Stelzner and her father Brett lined up at about
7.30am to nab a new phone.

Britney, who is upgrading from an iPhone 4 to an iPhone 6, plans to work with
her father over the holidays to help pay off the device.

"It's a lot different to the old one, it's got more storage and it's bigger, and
I like the different colours, I'm getting a white and gold phone," she said.

Telstra Country Wide Western NSW general manager Scott Curtin said the Telstra
store had been overwhelmed with interest in the iPhone 6 in the lead-up to the
launch.

"Some of them are keen Apple fans and wanted to get in early and be part of the
opening," he said.

Mr Curtin said yesterday was Telstra Orange's biggest trading day of the year.

"The consumers are looking for a much bigger, broader phone and that's what
Apple have brought to the market," he said.

There are 18 different combinations of phone colours, features and storage
capacities for customers to choose from with the iPhone 6 Plus and the grey
mid-range iPhone 6 proving the most popular options.

tracey.prisk@

fairfaxmedia.com.au

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              377 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     October 9, 2013 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple deciding to go big, iPhone 6 to have 4.8 inch display

LENGTH: 269  words


Apple's progress on the display size have been quite slow. The iPhone 5 and 5S
made the jump of .5 inches from the previous generation iphone. The customers
around the world are already showing their inclination towards phablets. Though
it's already late, Apple seems to finally wake up to this realization.

Peter Misek, an analyst at Jefferies, after meeting last week with Apple
suppliers in Asia, Misek issued a note to investors on Monday in which he said
that the iPhone 6 would offer a 4.8-inch screen, according to Cnet. If true,
this will be a welcome move.

In early September this year we heard rumours about bigger Apple iPhones. As per
a news report in the Wall Street Journal, says Apple has "begun evaluating a
plan to offer iPhones with screens ranging from 4.8 inches to as high as 6
inches, people familiar with the matter say".

Apple testing iPhones with 6 and 4.8 inch display, what will Samsung do?

Misek predicts that more people will be willing to buy a iPhone 6, since iPhone
5 registered less sales and more 4 inchers were sold by Apple last year.

"On the downside, iPhone 5C sales have been weak, according to Misek. As such,
manufacturing builds are being slashed to 15 million to 20 million from 30
million, he said. On the plus size, that could lead to an even larger number of
upgraders who gravitate toward the iPhone 6" cnet says.

The iPhone 6 according to Misak can come in September next year. We don't think
Apple will wait that long to launch a new model. By that time the the market
will have curved phones from LG, Samsung and hundreds of cheaper new launches
that will mostly be phablets.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2013 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              378 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                     January 31, 2015 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Elude Limits With STK Accessories Protection Cases For iPhone 6

LENGTH: 474  words


Saturday, January 31, 2015: For over a decade, Apple has been on the cutting
edge of the mobile technology industry, delivering one revolutionary device
after another. STK Accessories has been there every step of the way to provide
trusted protection for each device and ensure that every time an Apple falls,
STK is there to protect it. STK Accessories, a pioneer in a wide range of mobile
phones and computing accessories announces a robust lineup of protection cases
now exclusively available for iPhone 6.

The Product line up includes iphone 6 stand case, Ultra thin cases and TPU back
cover amongst the brand new cases designed by STK Accessories. STK Accessories
has protected several generations of iPhones (and many other devices) and has a
reputation for providing solid protection and a good fit. It's slim enough to
not detract from the iPhone 6's svelte dimensions, while still offering
comprehensive protection for the handset's body, including the buttons. All
these cases provide the bulk-free protection for which STK is known and have
been carefully designed to complement the new, slimmer profile of the iPhone 6.

iPhone 6 Stand case: Priced at Rs. 799/-, This case combines a new, innovative,
and truly unique engineering approach and is made from faux leather. With the
folio design and soft interior lining it protects the phone from dust, dirt and
scratches. The case also becomes a stand for easy viewing of photos or films and
has easy access to all phone ports. It is available in Black and White colors.

iPhone 6 Ultra Thin Back Cover: This ultra-thin back cover is made from durable
polycarbonate material and will provide stylish protection for the iPhone 6. It
Resists dirt, stains and has an easy access to all phone functions. It features
bold, high-resolution and high-style graphics for brilliantly colored cases.
This case is made available in Blue, Black, Pink, Yellow, Green, White colours
and is priced at Rs. 399/-.

iPhone 6 TPU Back Cover: Made of Thermoplastic Polyurethane (TPU) this back
cover will provide durable protection for the iPhone 6. Stiff to touch but
remains flexible, Shock absorbent and shatterproof, Specifically designed for
the iPhone 6, this case is the perfect combination of style and strength. It is
available in Black and White colours and priced at Rs. 399/-.

"STK Accessories is a significant contributor to the ecosystem of accessories
that enhance the smartphone experience for Apple customers. We've learned from
their feedback and continually evolve our products accordingly. Our new designs
for iPhone 6 continue our tradition of raising the bar on design and
protection",Said Puneet Gupta, STK Accessories India Head and SAARC.

All the three iPhone 6 Protection cases are now available in a variety of the
season's trendiest colors and patterns at the select retailers in India.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2015 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              379 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

New iPhones run into software, bending complaints

LENGTH: 523  words


Apple's newest iPhones ran into some glitches Wednesday after users complained
that a new software update blocked their calls.

A customer holds an iPhone 6 (R) and iPhone 6 Plus at the Apple store on Fifth
Avenue after the phones went on sale in New York in this file photo taken Sept
19, 2014.[Photo/Agencies]

SAN FRANCISCO - Apple's newest iPhones ran into some glitches Wednesday after
users complained that a new software update blocked their calls, while a widely
circulated video showed the larger of the two new models is vulnerable to
bending.

Apple said it would stop providing the software update, which it began
distributing Wednesday morning to fix several issues in last week's iOS 8
operating system for iPhones and iPads.

The decision to pull the update came after some people complained on Twitter and
in Apple user chatrooms that the update, dubbed iOS 8.0.1, rendered their phones
unable to make calls and caused problems with a feature that lets people unlock
their phones with their fingerprint.

iPhone 6 still lacks license for mainland
Apple to unveil new iPads, operating system on Oct 21: report By midday
Wednesday, Apple announced that it was investigating the reports and would issue
advice to users "as quickly as we can." Users are still able to the upgrade
older phones to last week's version of iOS 8, which Apple said has already been
downloaded to nearly half of all iOS devices.

Some tech blogs reported the update only seemed to cause problems for the latest
phone models - the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. It's not uncommon for new software to
contain bugs that have to be fixed with subsequent releases.

Meanwhile, social media sites were buzzing Wednesday with reports that the
aluminum shell of the iPhone 6 Plus is vulnerable to bending. Some Twitter users
claimed their phones showed a slight curving at one end after several hours in a
pants pocket. With a 5.5-inch screen, the iPhone 6 Plus is slightly longer and
thinner than other iPhone models.

It's not clear how widespread the complaints are. One YouTube video showed
someone bending an iPhone 6 Plus by applying extended pressure with his hands -
not from normal sitting.

Both the iPhone 6 and the 6 Plus were given high ratings in a recent
"breakability" test conducted by SquareTrade, a San Francisco firm that sells
insurance to consumers for their electronic devices. The test did not include
bending.

But SquareTrade Chief Marketing Officer Ty Shay said that after reports of
bending circulated online, two staffers at his firm tried to bend a pair of 6
Plus phones: One staffer, a man, was able to duplicate the results from the
video, while the other, a woman, could not. He said the bent phone appeared to
still function normally.

Shay said his firm then checked and found a small number of bent older-model
iPhones had been reported in the past. "It does happen," said Shay, "but it
seems like for the most part it's cosmetic damage."

He suggested the bending is not a major issue. Referring to the iPhone 6 Plus,
he added, "I think it's still a very durable phone. But we'll keep an eye on the
claims."

Apple did not comment on the reports of bending.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              380 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                             October 6, 2014 Monday

Here are the Apple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus prices you have been waiting for

BYLINE: Tech Desk

LENGTH: 114  words


Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will start selling in India from Friday,
October 17 with the cheapest of the phones priced at Rs 53,500. Pre-orders for
the two phones will begin Tuesday, October 7.

The Apple iPhone 6 16GB is priced Rs 53,500, the 64Gb at Rs 62,500 and 128GB at
Rs 71,500. The Apple iPhone 6 Plus will be priced Rs 62,500, 64GB at Rs 71,500
and 128GB at Rs 80,500.

Apple partner Ingram Micro has announced that it will offer iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus at leading modern trade stores and retail outlets across India beginning
from 12:01am on October 17. Customers can pre-order both models beginning
12:01am on Tuesday, October 7 at the major retail outlets of the partners.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              381 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                             August 9, 2013, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor roundup for the week ending Aug. 9;
Pictures of plastic, plastic projections, sexy beasts and 64-bit

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1265 words


Taking time from video games, iPhone repairs, and shopping, an Australian
teenager posted photographs of what he andthe iOSphere are celebrating as the "
iPhone 5C" housing, in glorious plastic. Apparently, the "C" stands for "cheap."

[MORE: 5 years ago they said the iPhone would flop ... Now?] [MORE: 10 strangest

 places  lost phones have been found.] Also this week, a stock analyst says the
new plastic iPhone will outsell the new non-plastic iPhone and that will be bad
news for Apple; and two websites posted Big News about the iPhone 6 and its
64-bit processor ... based on photos and speculation that first circulated in
the iOSphere in 2012.

You read it here second.

iPhone "5C" plastic back housing revealed, according to Australian teenager
Photos purporting to be of a plastic-bodied new iPhone, dubbed by some the
iPhone 5C (for "cheap?"), have appeared on a pair of websites, one of them
belonging to a blogger named Sonny Dickson.

Dickson posted nearly 60 photos of a phone's back housing, apparently made of
white plastic, with the Apple logo and the word "iPhone" clearly visible. The
photos show a smooth, glossy, seamless plastic housing that also forms the sides
of the phone, with openings for a speaker, earphones, dock, and various buttons.

The complete gallery is on Dickson's website, without any commentary, or any
explanation of where the photos came from.

Dickson appears to be a teenager living in southeast Australia, according to
this recent story at Stuff.co.nz. He claims to have contacts and friends with
various Chinese companies in Apple's supply chain. They provide him with photos
and actual prototypes. He makes a living by selling the prototypes and repairing
iPhones.

Dickson's website isn't exactly a hotbed of news: so far in 2013,
sonnydickson.com has nine posts, and one of them is a bleg to send him more
prototypes.

The website USwitch claims to have sourced the "snaps" with Dickson, but their
photos are fewer and different from the ones on his website.

One shows the plastic body and apparently the digitizer nestled in its
protective foam case. Next to it is the brown cardboard box that enclosed it. On
the label are the words: "5G LCD/digitizer white original," and USwitch suggests
this is the name of plastic iPhone or a reference to LTE-Advanced radio, which
will boost current "4G" network speeds.

iPhone P ("plastic") or M or C...whadevah! ... will outsell iPhone 5S The
plastic iPhone will be good news and bad news for Apple, according to a stock
analyst whose speculation, a.k.a. "research," is widely circulating through the
iOSphere.

The analyst is Steve Milunovich, of UBS, and he says that what he calls "iPhone
M" will have explosive sales ("good news") but hammer Apple's profits and
earnings-per-share, according to Zach Epstein's summarizing post at BGR, which
found Milunovich's research note first reported at Tiernan Ray's blog at
Barrons.

"In the iPhone M's first full year on the market, Milunovich believes end-user
sales will reach 92 million units to account for more than half -- 53% -- of
Apple's total iPhone unit sales in fiscal 2014, thus outselling the new flagship
iPhone 5S," Epstein dutifully records.

No waffling here. Not "over 90" or "roughly 90" or "possibly close to 100"
million. Ninety-two million, precisely; which will comprise 53% precisely of all
iPhones sold. Milunovich isn't guessing here. He has a "model."

"In our model, the iPhone M is dilutive not only to gross margin but to gross
profit dollars," he says. "The impact of the M depends on assumptions. We
estimate the 4/4S, which the M would replace, currently have a gross margin of
55% because of the low cost of older components. We also assume the gross margin
of the M will be near 32%." More precision: His "model" shows iPhone gross
profit declines by 4% or $1.6 billion, and a drop of $1.16 in Apple's fiscal
2014 earnings per share.

Epstein seems to think the plastic phone is inevitable though he's a bit coy.
"With growth slowing in the high-end smartphone market, many industry watchers
have suggested that Apple's much rumored entry-level iPhone is a necessity if
the company hopes to prevent a complete market share collapse."

A Complete Market Share Collapse. Thank heavens for plastic.

"Is This Sexy Beast The iPhone 6? [LEAKED PICS]" Our Most Egregious Use of a
Rumor This Week Award goes to what appears to be a low-ranked website in India,
called Tekrieg, which created a post with the ever-so-clickable headline "Is
This Sexy Beast The iPhone 6? [LEAKED PICS]."  "Well what is this sexy beast
pictured below?" asks 'Grace' provocatively. "Before you say it is none other
than the iPhone 5, let me tell you that you may be looking at the first pictures
of the upcoming iPhone 6."

Actually, we're looking at uncorroborated pictures first published eight months
ago by MacRumors. We know this because Grace links to that story. When we click
on the link and pay attention, this is what we see: "First Claimed Images of
iPhone 5S Rear Shell Surface" Wednesday December 5, 2012 5:50 am PST by Eric
Slivka Even MacRumors' Slivka didn't seem too confident about it back then:
"[I]t is certainly possible that this part is an old iPhone 5 prototype design
that was discarded in favor of the design that was ultimately used," he pointed
out. "Alternatively, the part could also be a fake or a knockoff ... ."

So who knows? Maybe that sexy beast really is the Next iPhone.

"iPhone 6 May Take Gaming To 64Bit Glory" There is actually a tie for our Most
Egregious Use of a Rumor This Week Award.

The other winner is Alex Bagi, whose post at Auto-omobile carried the
oh-so-clickable headline "iPhone 6 May Take Gaming To 64Bit Glory."

"Apple has worked hard to develop new processors each year to keep up with their
competition," Alex explains helpfully. "So the question is will they reveal a 64
bit A7 chip for the iPhone 6? The folks over at iPhone5NewsBlog report that
Apple may launch the A7 processor with 64 bit in the iPhone 6."

And, like Grace, Alex helpfully provides a link to that website's "report." When
we click on the link, and we're paying attention, here's what we see: "iPhone 5S
Could Feature 64-Bit A7 Processor In 2013" Posted by Michael Nace on Sunday Nov.
18, 2012 So actually, the new "report" of the 64-bit A7 processor for iPhone 5S
turns out to be 9-month-old rehash of vague speculation about Apple's processor
plan.

Apple's mobile chip design work draws on the instruction set and intellectual
property of ARM Ltd. Wikipedia actually has a good overview of the evolution of
Apple's A series system-on-chip, and its connection to the evolving underlying
ARM processor technology.

With the iPhone 5, Apple made an important change. As one of the few ARM
customers with an architectural license (Qualcomm is another), Apple can design
and fabricate its own custom cores, instead of using those created by ARM. And
it did so with the iPhone 5's A6 chip, making big improvements over the two ARM
Cortex A9 cores used in A5. You can find a wealth of highly technical detail in
AnandTech's analysis of the A6 as part of its extensive iPhone 5 review.  As the
A6 and A6X show, a lot can still be done to improve 32-bit SOC performance and
power efficiency, without embracing a 64-bit architecture. ARM's own 64-bit
cores, the Cortex A50 series, won't be available in volume processors until
about mid-2014, according to AnandTech's Anand Lal Shimpi in this October 2012
overview of the technology.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network
World.Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              382 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Today's Zaman (Turkey)

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

TODAYSZAMAN.COM - Apple puts iPhone 6 and 6 Plus on sale in Turkey

LENGTH: 308  words


Apple puts iPhone 6 and 6 Plus on sale in TurkeyApple put its latest
smartphones, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, on sale in Turkey and 21 other
countries early on Friday morning, including Russia, Saudi Arabia, Taiwan and
European states such as Belgium and the Netherlands.Customers wanting to be the
first to purchase Apple's newest smartphones in Turkey formed long queues in
front of electronic stores on Thursday evening.

The stores let the enthusiastic customers in at the midnight.I have been waiting
for this for a month.

I am very happy to be one of the first people to buy this phone, said Ataberk
Calaz after his early-morning purchase.The iPhone 6 16 GB model is on sale in
Turkey for TL 2,349 ($1,038) the 64 GB and 128 GB models are available for
purchase at TL 2,649 ($1,170) and TL 2,949 ($1,303), respectively.

The larger screen iPhone 6 Plus' 16 GB, 34 GB and 128 GB models cost TL 2,649
($1,170), TL 2,949 ($1,303) and TL 3,249 ($1,435), respectively.Apple had put
the new iPhone models on sale earlier in the United States, UK, Australia,
Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Puerto Rico and Singapore.

Sales for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus exceeded a record 10 million during the
first weekend the phones were available for purchase.In addition to Turkey, the
new iPhone models were put on sale in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland,
Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Netherlands, New
Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Qatar, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Spain, Sweden,
Switzerland, Taiwan and the United Arab Emirates.

Apple plans to put the new phones on sale in more than 100 countries by the end
of the yearApple responded on Thursday to complaints that the iPhone 6 Plus
phones quotbend,quot saying this is extremely rare during normal use and that it
has so far received only nine such complaints from customers.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 Today's Zaman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              383 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Western Advocate

                             May 10, 2014 Saturday

MORE rumours of Apple's upcoming iPhone 6 surfaced,

SECTION: PANO; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 143 words


MORE rumours of Apple's upcoming iPhone 6 surfaced, saying the device may be
thinner than the current model.

A video was uploaded to YouTube that claims to feature one of the first cases
made for the iPhone 6. If the case really is for Apple's next iPhone, then
customers should expect the iPhone 6 to be even thinner than the current iPhone
5s.

According to the video, the next iPhone will have the same thickness as the
current iPod Touch devices. That means the thickness of the iPhone will drop
from 0.30 inches to 0.24 inches.

Besides a thinner body, the iPhone 6 is also expected to feature a larger screen
than the iPhone 5s, which comes with a 4-inch display. Various reports have said
the iPhone 6 could come in two versions: one with a 4.7-inch screen and another
with a 5.5-inch screen. No announcement on the iPhone6 is expected before
September.

n n n

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              384 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                               September 26, 2015

Cool Reloaded - the Latest Smartphones, Movies [opinion]

BYLINE: Swagga T

LENGTH: 553 words


With the bigger and better screen, multitasking is one of the iphone's flagship
features. The function allows apps to perform certain tasks in the background
while you're using other apps or not using your device.

Hope all is dope and those in final exam classes are slogging at their studies
like there is no tomorrow.

This week's buzz is with iphone 6 and 6 plus.

Unlike the previous iphones which of course some of you are still stuck with,
these two iphones come with bigger screens, iphone 6 has a 4,7 inch, while the
6plus has a 5,5 inch screen. This actually proves that bigger is better because
it allows the user to have a better display and easier to use.

With these two iphones the user can easily reach the top of the iphone using one
hand as the screen can be shifted up and down to allow easy accessibility of the
top functions, especially when the other hand is occupied, hence, the iphone 6's
new reach ability feature.

You simply double-touch the Home  button to shift the screen down closer to your
thumb, and once you make your selection, it will conveniently slide back up to
its natural position with no second hand required.

The iphone 6 has stellar video recording capabilities, especially when you
enable 60 FPS which allows you to capture smoother videos. The feature
essentially doubles the amount of frames per second when recording, taking
iphone 6 videos from 30 to 60 frames per second.

Unlike previous iphone models, the iphone 6 is capable of capturing slow-motion
videos, which are great for recording action videos. You only need to launch the
Camera app as you would normally do, and select Slo-mo from the sliding wheel at
the bottom of the screen and then, choose the frames that you want per second.

With the iphone 6 and 6 plus taking photos can be done using the volume button
and it's as easy as it sounds. As long as the camera app is open, you simply
press either the volume up or down button housed on the left-hand side of the
smartphone to take a photo. The process even works when using a pair of
headphones featuring an inline remote and volume keys.

You cannot talk of a smart phone without considering the battery, with these two
the battery is certainly better than past models, as they can allow you to
monitor on which apps are draining your battery. This improves the lifespan and
the number of times that you recharge your battery.

With the bigger and better screen, multitasking is one of the iphone's flagship
features. The function allows apps to perform certain tasks in the background
while you're using other apps or not using your device.

Who is going to be the first to get it?

So recently there was a noise about the girlfriends' gate away at Ster Kinekor,
with them jostling to watch the chick flicks which were being screened.

So me and my hommies decided to do our own boys' gate away and check out a chick
flick.

We decided to watch "The Perfect Man" because it has some serious action. The
thriller features characters that ladies really like who include Morris Chestnut
and Micheal Ealy.

The movie is a must watch because it talks of a young successful lady Sannaa
Lathan who wants to start a family but her boyfriend Morris Chestnut is not so
keen on the idea. If you want to know more then go watch it yourself.

All I can promise you is will not be disappointed.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              385 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     August 21, 2014 Thursday 12:38 PM GMT

iPhone 6 rumour round-up: Release date, features and pictures of the 4.7" and
5.5" iPhones;
New details surface of the various rumoured models of iPhone 6 every day. Here's
what we know so far

BYLINE: By Mikey Smith

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 762 words


More and more details about the various rumoured models of iPhone 6 are sneaking
onto the internet every day.

Whether it's the different screen sizes thought to be in production or a
"premium" model featuring a near-indestructible Sapphire crystal display, the
rumour mill is reaching a fevered rotation as launch day draws near.

And with more pictures leaking from the manufacturing chain than any iPhone
launch in history, there's plenty for Apple fans to drool over while they wait
for the big announcement next month.

Here's a round-up of everything we know - or think we know - about Apple's
forthcoming smartphone.Will there be more than one iPhone model?

We're expecting Apple to release two models of iPhone 6 with 4.7" and 5.5"
screen sizes - though it's not certain they'll both be released at the same
time.

Pictures leaked today by Evasi0nJailbreak.com give a rare glimpse at Apple's
larger handset, showing the phone's rear shell in much more detail than was
previously available.

There's been talk of a delay between the two versions - either because of delays
in the supply chain, or as a deliberate move to prevent competition between the
devices when they hit stores.

There'll be the usual storage capacity and colour option. While it's thought the
space gray/black and white/silver colourways will remain, the fate of the gold
version isn't certain.

There's also speculation that the super-strong sapphire crystal display will be
reserved for a premium, more expensive model.

What size iPhone 6 would you buy?  What will the new iPhone look like?

feld volk 2

The iPhone 6 is expected to have a more rounded body than the 5S - with a design
that harks back to the original first-generation iPhone.

An alleged schematic leaked today suggested the new phone will be 7mm thick -
and the 4.7" model has a codename of N56.What new features are we expecting?

The  iPhone  6 will feature a new super-fast WiFi chip and an improved Touch ID
fingerprint sensor, according to reports.

It will also feature  Apple's  next generation A8 processor, which should give
the  smartphone  a huge performance boost, according to tech website Venture
Beat

Apple's new device is also expected to have a vastly improved camera, with a
13-megapixel sensor provided by  Sony  .

There's also speculation that the phone's new Lightning connector cable will
work either way up - at both ends.

The iPhone 5's cable was Apple's first charging cable that would work regardless
of which way round you put it in - and it's thought they've come up with a
solution for how to make the USB end reversible too.

iphone cable

Photos have also emerged purporting to show the new iPhone's batteries. The
photos show batteries with whopping 1810 and 2915mAh capacities.  That's much
bigger than the current iPhone 5S battery, which is just 1560mAh.

The new screen - on the 4.7" version, at leasty - is thought to have a higher
resolution than previous models.

The Retina screen on the current iPhone 5S has a density of 10.5 pixels per mm.
The 1704x960 display suggested by Feld & Volk would be a much sharper 16 pixels
per mm.

feld volk iphoneWill it have Sapphire glass?

The inclusion of Sapphire glass on the iPhone 6 has been the subject of
speculation ever since a video purporting to be the phone's screen appeared on
YouTube.

leaked iphone display

Analysts have inspected Apple's supply chain and say it's unlikely that all of
the phone's unprecedented production run will feature the near-indestructible
crystal displays.

Would you be put off buying an iPhone 6 if it didn't have sapphire glass?When
will it come out?

We're expecting an announcement event on September 9th, with iPhones hitting
stores soon - perhaps as soon as a week or two after. Though initial estimates
suggested the release date wouldn't be until mid-October.

If the rumours of a staggered release for the two models are correct, we can
expect to see the larger version about a month later.How much will it cost?

Apple's pricing is usually kept fairly well under wraps - you can never tell
when they're going to pull a surprise price drop.

But if we base it on last year's pricing, the model with the smallest capacity
(16GB for the 5S) will cost £549, the next up (32GB) £629 and the biggest
storage (64GB) £709.

If Apple upgrade the maximum storage to 128GB as is rumoured, it's likely
they'll make the minimum amount 32GB.

That's all based on the current screen size - we're expecting the price to shoot
up for the 5.5" version, perhaps even more for the "premium" version with
Sapphire glass.

Will you get the iPhone on launch day?

iphone 6 rumors

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              386 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           February 20, 2014 Thursday

Oh My Tech!: Will the next iPhone be worth waiting for?

BYLINE: By Vince Horiuchi The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 662 words


I received gift cards for Christmas to buy the iPhone 5S. In a previous column
you wrote about the probable upgrades to the next iPhone over the current one.
In your opinion will the upgrades be worth waiting for?

Ahh, the "Timing Question." Do you keep waiting for the newest upgrade of that
gadget you want, or do you pull the trigger now only to have a newer upgrade
come out two weeks later, or worse, it's discounted just after you buy it?

But when it comes to the iPhone, deciding on what to do is a little easier.
First, a new version of the phone only comes out once a year, and the way the
release cycle has been established, it's usually around September. Second, the
updates have followed a specific pattern: Whenever the next phone is given a new
number, for example "iPhone 4", "iPhone 5," it will be a bigger upgrade that
usually includes significant new features. Whenever it's labeled with an "S,"
such as the "iPhone 4S"or the "iPhone 5S," the update is usually incremental
with only minor improvements such as a speed increase on the processor or a
better camera.

Such was the case with the iPhone 5S which only got a better processor, more
features added the camera, and a new color, gold. But the case, design and size
of the screen remained the same.

Whether you should wait another six months for an iPhone 6 largely depends on
timing. Do you really want or need a new phone now? If so, then having that
phone for an extra six months may trump any new features you might get if you
were to wait for the iPhone 6 in the fall.

But make no mistake: The new iPhone 6 will likely have big changes. Here's
what's been churning out of the rumor mill:

The proposed iPhone 6, or whatever it will be called, is expected to be big, and
I don't just mean in terms of anticipation. The phone likely will grow in size
-- finally.

For the last couple of years, other handsets, particularly Android-based phones,
have been growing in screen size, from 4.7 inches diagonally to a whopping 6
inches with the recently-released LG G Flex. The increase in sales with the
phones have proven that many consumers want a bigger screen. Yet, the iPhone has
remained relatively small at 4 inches diagonally.

Count me as one of those customers who would love to see an iPhone with a bigger
screen and a higher screen resolution to go with it. The bigger screen is what
had me forego the iPhone last year and get an HTC One Android-based phone, which
has a larger 4.7-inch screen. Eventually, I gave up on the Android phone because
I much preferred the elegance and ease of use of the iPhone's operating system.

This year, all evidence suggests that I'll finally get what I want -- Apple will
finally allow its phone to grow up.

There have been reports that Apple is testing at least two different sizes of
screens, one around 4.7 inches diagonally and another that is more than 5
inches. Some pundits believe that Apple won't release two new sizes but only
one, and if they do, I would bet on the smaller 4.7-ish display. Hopefully,
Apple will also raise the screen's resolution along with the size.

The new phone also will have the requisite faster processor, which is an upgrade
that happens with every new version. There's also the strong rumor that the
camera's resolution will finally be bumped up from its current 8 megapixels to
something that is around 13 megapixels. Apple has been bullish about improving
its camera by upgrading the quality of the senor and its ability to let in light
rather than the number of megapixels, which is a smart move. The iPhone 5S
camera is still the best of any mobile device, regardless of how many megapixels
there are.

So if you wait for an iPhone 6, be prepared for the biggest upgrade the iPhone
has seen in quite awhile.

If you have a tech question for Vince, email him at ohmytech@sltrib.com, and
he'll try to answer it for his column in The Salt Lake Tribune or on its
website. For an archive of past columns, go to www.sltrib.com/Topics/ohmytech.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              387 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Global Times (China)

                            October 10, 2014 Friday

What's all this fuss about the iPhone 6?

BYLINE: Kylin Zhang

LENGTH: 478  words


Illustration: Peter C. Espina/GT

The new iPhone 6 is finally set to launch in Chinese mainland on October
17.Excitement over the new phone has already been fermenting for months. Since
September, Internet forums and message boards have been flooded with discussions
about the new Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Dozens of people have posted
messages joking about exchanging a kidney for the new iPhone.

Allegedly, a kidney and an iPhone 6 command a similar price on the market. It
was difficult to tell how many of the posters were just joking, and how many
were completely serious. Is the iPhone 6 really that different from the previous
version? Is it really worth losing a vital organ over?I remember in the first
year of graduate school, I spent two months' salary on a MacBook Air. I already
had an IBM computer that worked like magic, so I didn't really need it, but it
seemed like everyone in my school had one, and I didn't want to be the odd one
out. The sleek computers in their bags looked so thin and light. I became
convinced that a MacBook Air would be a huge upgrade over my IBM. How wrong I
was. After finally buying one, I almost immediately regretted it. Unlike some
other people at my school, who needed an Apple computer for using video editing
or design software, everything I needed to do could be done on a regular old PC.
I couldn't get my head around the Apple interface, so my MacBook Air sat unused,
like a $1,300 piece of scrap metal. Not two months later, I sold it to someone
else. Around the world, it was reported that the presale orders for the iPhone 6
and the iPhone 6 Plus had exceeded 4 million units, a new record for Apple. But
how many of these people are spending their money rationally? After former apple
CEO Steve Jobs passed away, the features of the new iPhone can be summed up in
one word: big. The marketing slogan for the iPhone 6 says as much: "Bigger than
bigger," it proudly declares. Jobs didn't think that anyone would buy an iPhone
that was too large. He argued that a 3.5-inch phone was the most user-friendly.
Perhaps what he didn't realize was that people would buy iPhones no matter what
size they were, because what they are buying is not a phone, but a symbol of
class and wealth. I don't have a problem with people who buy an iPhone because
they genuinely think they have better functionality or design. But I do think
that these days, most people who buy iPhones do so for the sake of owning a
symbol, because they think the iPhone represents a certain sophistication or
affluent lifestyle. I think more people should think twice before they buy.This
article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a
space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas
expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of
the Global Times.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1448


                          Copyright 2014 Global Times.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              388 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Scottish Daily Mail

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Great iPhone debacle...new handset bends in your pocket say customers

BYLINE: Ben Spencer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 568 words


APPLE is facing claims that its new thinner iPhones can bend out of shape in the
pocket.

The problem is especially pronounced for the £620 iPhone 6 Plus, which has a
slimline body but a supersized screen.

Pictures and videos of warped and damaged iPhones swept the internet yesterday
as hundreds of users realised their new smartphones were ruined.

One video, uploaded to YouTube by Lewis Hilsenteger of US website Unbox Therapy,
shows the iPhone 6 Plus bending under the pressure of his fingers alone. Last
night the video had been viewed more than 13.8million times.

One new iPhone 6 Plus user told the MacRumors website that his phone had become
irreversibly bent after he sat on it during a long drive.

'The 6 Plus was about 18 hours in my pocket while sitting mostly,' he said. 'As
I lay it on the coffee table and sat down on the couch to relax from the drive,
I saw the reflection of the window in the iPhone slightly distorted.' Bent
phones appeared to work as normal, but some screens shattered if they were
forced back into shape.

The problem has echoes of the launch of the iPhone 4 in 2010, when Apple was
forced to give new owners a free case to solve an antenna problem.

The new models - the 6¼-inch iPhone 6 Plus and 5½-inch iPhone 6 - sold more than
10million in the three days after they were launched last Friday, breaking
records for opening weekend sales.

There is no suggestion that a phone would bend if it was not put under sustained
pressure, but many users will be concerned at the new models' apparent lack of
robustness.

The iPhone 6 Plus and the £539 iPhone 6, which are both about a quarter of an
inch thick, are each housed in a single piece of lightweight moulded aluminium
alloy - a feature that commentators say is behind the lack of durability.

Apple yesterday refused to comment on the reported problems. But the weak area
of the phone appears to be around the volume buttons where the frame is at its
thinnest.

Many of the images of damaged phones appear to show the bends occurring where
segments of the shell were cut out to make room for the buttons. When
significant and prolonged pressure is placed on the phone, the buttons seem to
create a fulcrum point around which the phone bends.

Industry analysts said that if consumers want lightweight phones with ever
bigger screens, they might have to stop putting them in their pockets.

Apple is not the first to have the problem of smartphones bending as firms try
to put larger screens on thinner and lighter bodies. Sony's Xperia Z1 drew
complaints that it bent in pockets, and there were similar problems with the
Samsung Galaxy S4 and the Black-Berry Q10.

b.spencer@dailymail.co.uk Facts and figures: The iPhone 6 Plus ?CASE: Made from
a single piece of aluminium alloy rather than plastic, which would be more
robust ?SCREEN: The supersized 5½-inch HD Retina screen is Apple's biggest yet,
following competitors' success with larger models ?LENGTH: The phone is 6¼
inches long - nearly 1½ inches longer than the iPhone 5 - creating more
potential for the body to bend under pressure ?THICKNESS: At about a quarter of
an inch thick, it is a shade slimmer than the iPhone 5 ?WEIGHT: Just over 6oz
?COST: £619 for a 16GB model, £699 for 64GB and £789 for 128GB ? SALES: There
are no UK sales figures yet but more than 1,000 queued outside Apple's Covent
Garden store in London on Friday morning to get one

'Stop putting them in pockets'

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Warped: Picture posted on the internet showing bent iPhone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMLscot


                    Copyright 2014 Associated Newpapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              389 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday

Apple iPhone 6 demand outstrips supply

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 529 words


Bloomberg

New York

Apple's new larger-screen iPhones topped 4 million in pre-orders in the first 24
hours, surpassing earlier releases as demand for the smartphones outstrips
supply.

Deliveries of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will start at the end of this week,
when the smartphones officially go on sale, and a backlog will mean that many
won't receive their handsets until next month, the Cupertino, California-based
company said in a statement yesterday.

Apple said there will be devices in stock in stores on September 19 and
encouraged customers to arrive early or order online for in-store pick-up.

Chief executive officer Tim Cook is counting on the bigger phones to counter
Samsung Electronics's larger displays and to usher in demand for other products
Apple introduced last week, from the Apple Watch to the credit card-substituting
Apple Pay service. The company had indicated that the new smartphones would take
as many as four weeks to ship.

The iPhone 6 has a 11.9-centimetre display and the iPhone 6 Plus has a
13.9-centimetre one, while the previous iPhones have a 10.1-centimetre screen.

"It speaks to the pent-up demand for a larger iPhone," Tim Bajarin, an analyst
at Creative Strategies, said in a telephone interview. "Apple will actually have
record quarters for the minimum of the next two years just because of this kind
of demand."

The pre-orders are double the 2 million Apple announced in 2012 when it released
the iPhone 5, and compares with the 9 million the company sold during the
opening weekend last year for the iPhone 5s and 5c.

"We are thrilled customers love them as much as we do," Cook said in the
statement.

The iPhone remains the most important piece of Apple's business. The handset
accounted for about half of Apple's $171 billion (Bt5.5 trillion) in revenue
last fiscal year. With sales of the iPad slowing down, the company needs to keep
the iPhone a blockbuster in order to maintain growth.

The iPhone 6 costs $199 to $399 with a two-year contract, while the 6 Plus is
priced at $299 to $499. The devices will come in silver, gold and space grey.

61 Million

Demand for the handsets has Apple poised to sell more than 61 million iPhones in
the December quarter, surpassing last year_s record 51 million sold, Barclays
Plc said in a note today.

_We believe significant demand will even spill into the March and June quarters
given supply and the timing of shipments in China,_ Ben Reitzes, an analyst at
Barclays, wrote in the note.

This isn_t the first time Apple and phone carriers have seen iPhone models
delayed well before they were available in stores. In 2012, the iPhone 5 was
delayed for shipment by a week after a rush of orders, and in 2011 the iPhone 4S
sold out at AT&T Inc., Verizon Wireless, and Sprint Nextel Corp. only five days
after pre-orders began.

The new devices will go on sale first in the US, Australia, Canada, France,
Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the UK On September 26, 20
additional countries will begin selling the handsets.

China, one of Apple_s biggest markets, won_t get the new devices at first,
though the company said it plans to have the handsets in 115 countries by the
end of the year.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              390 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             April 25, 2016 Monday

Apple denies price hikes in India

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: TELECOM

LENGTH: 345 words


NEW DELHI: Apple Sunday denied a recent report that prices of iPhones in India
have been raised by 29%, as retail prices that it offers have remain unchanged.

The Cupertino-based smartphone maker's retail prices for the 16 GB variants of
the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6, as per its website, are at still at Rs 62,000 and Rs
52,000, respectively.

However, prices on ecommerce sites and retail stores keep fluctuating as
consumers are offered discounts to keep sales going in an intensely competitive
smartphone market.

Since Apple does not control the final prices offered to customers at online or
offline retail stores, the same iPhone model is available for different prices
at multiple outlets.

In case of iPhones, the sales channels have reduced the discounts which has lead
to prices of the models to firm up, said two retailers. But they added that
Apple on its own has not communicated any increase in prices.

A recent news report pegged the iPhone 6 16GB version at Rs 40,000 and that of
iPhone 6s at Rs 48,000, presently, compared to their month-old prices of Rs
31,000 and Rs 40,500, respectively. The report suggests the iPhone 6 to have the
steepest price rise of 29%

The iPhone 5s, the most popular of the iPhones in India, is now priced at Rs
22,000 against Rs 18,000 about a month ago, the report said, attributing the
surprise price hike to the muted consumer response to the iPhone SE. The Apple's
new model was launched in India earlier this month for Rs 39,000 for 16 GB,
while it's 64 GB variant was priced at Rs 49,000.

Apple however maintained that it has not altered retail prices in India.

In order to drive sales, Apple has introduced EMI schemes for consumers
purchasing the iPhone SE. It has also targeted the enterprise user with lease
plans beginning from Rs 999 a month for iPhone SE, going upwards for iPhone 6
and iPhone 6s.

Online retailers are selling the iPhone 6, iPhone 6s and iPhone 5s at around Rs
42,000, Rs 49,000 and Rs 21,000 marks, respectively, indicating even more the
fluctuating nature of the prices.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              391 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     August 20, 2014 Wednesday 2:41 PM GMT

Latest iPhone 6 rumours: Details of release date, sharper screen and features of
Apple's smartphone;
The iPhone 6 announcement is expected within a month - here's everything we know
so far about your next phone

BYLINE: By Mikey Smith

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 753 words


With Apple expected to officially announce their new iPhone within the next few
weeks, the tech rumour mill has never been more active.

Today, there's been talk of a much higher screen resolution - with even more
pixels than Apple's famous Retina display.

And more detail about the dimensions of the handset have come to light.

Previous launches have seen pre-release iPhone images jealously guarded by the
tech giant, but this year has seen a huge number of leaked images.

While the hardware in the leaked photos is unfinished and doesn't have the level
of polish we're expecting in release models, the snaps give a tantalising
glimpse of what's to come.What will the screen be like?

feld volk iphone

Luxury iPhone modification company Feld & Volk are claiming to have literally
put the 4.7" iPhone 6 under the microscope - which reveals a much higher
resolution than previously thought.

The Retina screen on the current iPhone 5S has a density of 10.5 pixels per mm.
The 1704x960 display suggested by Feld & Volk would be a much sharper 16 pixels
per mm.What will the new iPhone look like?

feld volk 2

The iPhone 6 is expected to have a more rounded body than the 5S - with a design
that harks back to the original first-generation iPhone.

An alleged schematic leaked today suggested the new phone will be 7mm thick -
and the 4.7" model has a codename of N56.What new features are we expecting?

The  iPhone  6 will feature a new super-fast WiFi chip and an improved Touch ID
fingerprint sensor, according to reports.

It will also feature  Apple's  next generation A8 processor, which should give
the  smartphone  a huge performance boost, according to tech website Venture
Beat

Apple's new device is also expected to have a vastly improved camera, with a
13-megapixel sensor provided by  Sony  .

There's also speculation that the phone's new Lightning connector cable will
work either way up - at both ends.

The iPhone 5's cable was Apple's first charging cable that would work regardless
of which way round you put it in - and it's thought they've come up with a
solution for how to make the USB end reversible too.

iphone cable

Photos have also emerged purporting to show the new iPhone's batteries. The
photos show batteries with whopping 1810 and 2915mAh capacities.  That's much
bigger than the current iPhone 5S battery, which is just 1560mAh.Will there be
more than one model?

We're expecting Apple to release two models of iPhone 6 with 4.7" and 5.5"
screen sizes - though it's not certain they'll both be released at the same
time.

There's been talk of a delay between the two versions - either because of delays
in the supply chain, or as a deliberate move to prevent competition between the
devices when they hit stores.

There'll be the usual storage capacity and colour option. While it's thought the
space gray/black and white/silver colourways will remain, the fate of the gold
version isn't certain.

There's also speculation that the super-strong sapphire crystal display will be
reserved for a premium, more expensive model.

What size iPhone 6 would you buy?  Will it have Sapphire glass?

The inclusion of Sapphire glass on the iPhone 6 has been the subject of
speculation ever since a video purporting to be the phone's screen appeared on
YouTube.

leaked iphone display

Analysts have inspected Apple's supply chain and say it's unlikely that all of
the phone's unprecedented production run will feature the near-indestructible
crystal displays.

Would you be put off buying an iPhone 6 if it didn't have sapphire glass?When
will it come out?

We're expecting an announcement event on September 9th, with iPhones hitting
stores soon - perhaps as soon as a week or two after. Though initial estimates
suggested the release date wouldn't be until mid-October.

If the rumours of a staggered release for the two models are correct, we can
expect to see the larger version about a month later.How much will it cost?

Apple's pricing is usually kept fairly well under wraps - you can never tell
when they're going to pull a surprise price drop.

But if we base it on last year's pricing, the model with the smallest capacity
(16GB for the 5S) will cost £549, the next up (32GB) £629 and the biggest
storage (64GB) £709.

If Apple upgrade the maximum storage to 128GB as is rumoured, it's likely
they'll make the minimum amount 32GB.

That's all based on the current screen size - we're expecting the price to shoot
up for the 5.5" version, perhaps even more for the "premium" version with
Sapphire glass.

Will you get the iPhone on launch day?

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              392 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Regulator says iPhone 6 in final review stages - Tencent

LENGTH: 253  words


Apple Inc's iPhone 6 is in the final stages of review for approval, with results
due shortly, a top Chinese government regulator said.

Smuggled iPhone 6 cellphones are found in a tea box by customs officers in
Shenzhen, Guangdong province. CHINA DAILY

Related:  Customs officers target smugglers of iPhones

BEIJING - Apple Inc's iPhone 6 is in the final stages of review for approval,
with results due shortly, a top Chinese government regulator said in an
interview published on Tuesday by Tencent.

The status of the iPhone 6 in China has been a mystery since Apple unveiled the
device this month without releasing a launch date for the world's largest
smartphone market.

The delay has led to widespread speculation the iPhone has run into difficulty
securing regulatory approval from China's Ministry of Industry and Information
Technology (MIIT), with some reports suggesting the launch could be delayed
until 2015.

"The iPhone 6 has entered the final stage of the approval process, now it's just
a matter of time," MIIT chief Miao Wei told Tencent in an exclusive interview in
Beijing. "Netizens, please wait patiently."

Miao declined to offer a timeframe for completion of the review, saying only
that he expected a result "very soon".

The ministry could not be immediately reached for comment Tuesday.
iPhone 6 rollout bypasses mainland
Apple unveils new phones, watch

Apple store employees wait for the store to open on the first day of sale for
the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, in Sydney September 19, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              393 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                               September 24, 2014

Regulator says iPhone 6 in final review stages - Tencent

LENGTH: 253  words


Apple Inc's iPhone 6 is in the final stages of review for approval, with results
due shortly, a top Chinese government regulator said.

Smuggled iPhone 6 cellphones are found in a tea box by customs officers in
Shenzhen, Guangdong province. CHINA DAILY

Related:  Customs officers target smugglers of iPhones

BEIJING - Apple Inc's iPhone 6 is in the final stages of review for approval,
with results due shortly, a top Chinese government regulator said in an
interview published on Tuesday by Tencent.

The status of the iPhone 6 in China has been a mystery since Apple unveiled the
device this month without releasing a launch date for the world's largest
smartphone market.

The delay has led to widespread speculation the iPhone has run into difficulty
securing regulatory approval from China's Ministry of Industry and Information
Technology (MIIT), with some reports suggesting the launch could be delayed
until 2015.

"The iPhone 6 has entered the final stage of the approval process, now it's just
a matter of time," MIIT chief Miao Wei told Tencent in an exclusive interview in
Beijing. "Netizens, please wait patiently."

Miao declined to offer a timeframe for completion of the review, saying only
that he expected a result "very soon".

The ministry could not be immediately reached for comment Tuesday.
iPhone 6 rollout bypasses mainland
Apple unveils new phones, watch

Apple store employees wait for the store to open on the first day of sale for
the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, in Sydney September 19, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              394 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday

China greenlights sale of iPhone 6, but image problems linger;
The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will go on sale in China October 17, with pre-orders a
week earlier. But early demand in China has been lukewarm.

BYLINE: Clinton Nguyen Staff Writer

SECTION: Innovation

LENGTH: 527 words


Apple announced that it received the greenlight to sell the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus
on mainland China this week. Customers will be able to pre-order the device
online starting on October 10 to be picked up starting October 17.

The news comes after a lengthy approval process headed by the Chinese Ministry
of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT) that addressed security and
privacy concerns. Chinese authorities were concerned that iPhones would come
with installed "backdoors" that would allow third parties to peek into users'
data without their consent.

"We have never worked with any government agency from any country to create a
backdoor in any of our products or services," said Apple chief executive Tim
Cook in a press release. "We have also never allowed access to our servers. And
we never will."

MIIT granted Apple the final license required to sell the new iPhones on
Tuesday. iPhones were not, however, embargoed in Hong Kong, where smugglers
faced stagnant demand. The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were selling for between $1,060
and $1,436, almost half of what it was going for just after the phone's release.

The iPhone is also struggling to expand its market in China due to strong
competition from Asian manufacturers such as Samsung, and domestic manufacturers
like Huawei and Xiaomi. Apple placed seventh overall for smart phone market
share in China, according to findings from analysts at International Data
Corporation (IDC).

Despite this, mainland China is an invaluable market for Apple by virtue of its
size. China Mobile, the world's largest telecommunications company at 796
million subscribers as of August, is more than twice as large as the four major
networks in the United States combined. Until last January, hardware differences
prevented larger Chinese mobile providers from carrying the iPhone.

According to Apple's quarterly earnings report, China accounts for 15.8 percent
of Apple's total revenue. Much of mainland China is still untapped for Apple.

Much of the difficulties in selling the iPhone comes from China's demand for
domestic products and a crackdown on lavish spending. According to The Financial
Times, some of the reluctance to buy iPhones is fueled by a wide rebuke of
lavish spending and perceived corruption among government officials.

But this might change with the release of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. The larger
size of the iPhone 6 Plus will bring it closer to physical parity with the
growing demand for bigger smart phones in China, according to a report from IDC.

Kitty Fok, China managing director at IDC, said that the younger generation in
China tends to use phones more as media devices, and are looking to buy larger
screens to accommodate that.

"The way they use smartphones is different, the percentage using voice is a lot
smaller and they tend to use text more, watch video, play games or even buy
things," she said in the report. "So naturally they'd like to use a
bigger-screen phone."

If Apple is looking to attract the Chinese market, it might have to address more
problems than its screen size. It might have to change its outlook and image
entirely. Or step-by-step, as it's been doing the past few years.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              395 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             April 25, 2016 Monday

Apple denies price hikes in India

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 345 words


NEW DELHI: Apple on Sunday denied a recent report that prices of iPhones in
India have been raised by 29%, as retail prices that it offers have remain
unchanged.

The Cupertino-based smartphone maker's retail prices for the 16 GB variants of
the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6, as per its website, are at still at Rs 62,000 and Rs
52,000, respectively.

However, prices on ecommerce sites and retail stores keep fluctuating as
consumers are offered discounts to keep sales going in an intensely competitive
smartphone market.

Since Apple does not control the final prices offered to customers at online or
offline retail stores, the same iPhone model is available for different prices
at multiple outlets.

In case of iPhones, the sales channels have reduced the discounts which has lead
to prices of the models to firm up, said two retailers. But they added that
Apple on its own has not communicated any increase in prices.

A recent news report pegged the iPhone 6 16GB version at Rs 40,000 and that of
iPhone 6s at Rs 48,000, presently, compared to their month-old prices of Rs
31,000 and Rs 40,500, respectively. The report suggests the iPhone 6 to have the
steepest price rise of 29%

The iPhone 5s, the most popular of the iPhones in India, is now priced at Rs
22,000 against Rs 18,000 about a month ago, the report said, attributing the
surprise price hike to the muted consumer response to the iPhone SE. The Apple's
new model was launched in India earlier this month for Rs 39,000 for 16 GB,
while it's 64 GB variant was priced at Rs 49,000.

Apple however maintained that it has not altered retail prices in India.

In order to drive sales, Apple has introduced EMI schemes for consumers
purchasing the iPhone SE. It has also targeted the enterprise user with lease
plans beginning from Rs 999 a month for iPhone SE, going upwards for iPhone 6
and iPhone 6s.

Online retailers are selling the iPhone 6, iPhone 6s and iPhone 5s at around Rs
42,000, Rs 49,000 and Rs 21,000 marks, respectively, indicating even more the
fluctuating nature of the prices.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              396 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Sunday Independent (South Africa)

                               September 18, 2016
                                   E1 Edition

A short history of everything iPhone

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 399 words


Apple's new iPhone 7 isn't a major upgrade on the previous version, despite its
various updates and features - and the well-flagged news that the smartphone has
no headphone jack. That said, the iPhone has been a game-changer. It helped
Apple become the world's most valuable company and has swept aside many a rival
device over its lifespan, contributing to the decline of household names from
BlackBerry to Nokia. Here's a look at its evolution over the years.

Introducing the iPhone

The first model arrives in 2007, ushering in the era of smartphones. While other
devices had featured touchscreens, Apple's was the first to package the
technology so that it worked seamlessly.

iPhone 3G

The first upgrade, with 3G offering faster wireless connections. The new App
Store is a key element in enhancing the capabilities of the device.

iPhone 3GS

The iPhone 3GS in 2009 isn't a major upgrade, offering only marginal
improvements in speed.

iPhone 4

The iPhone 4, which comes out in 2010, is Apple's first radical redesign of the
device. The launch also results in Antennagate: The design of the case leads to
some dropped calls and forces the company to offer free antenna bands to
mitigate the problem.

iPhone 4S

The iPhone 4S is another minor upgrade, helping to solve the antenna issue and
boosting performance.

iPhone 5

The iPhone 5 in 2012 marks Apple's move to bigger screens and is a hit with
consumers, delivering rapid revenue growth for Apple.

iPhone 5C and 5S

The iPhone 5S upgrade isn't a surprise. It's the introduction of the more
affordable iPhone 5C that raises eyebrows; designed to appeal to emerging
markets, it doesn't prove to be a big hit.

iPhone 6 and 6 Plus

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in 2014 is the right move at the right time. The bigger
smartphones wow customers in Asia and put Apple into the top spot in China.

iPhone 6S

The upgrade doesn't change much - a bit faster, a bit better.

iPhone SE

Earlier this year, Apple surprises by reviving the iPhone 5's size and shape in
the form of the iPhone SE. A cheaper, mid-range phone, it sells better than
expected in places such as Latin America, but isn't enough to reverse a revenue
decline.

iPhone 7 and 7 Plus

The iPhone 7 is a break from Apple's two-year upgrade cycle, with the size and
shape almost unchanged from its predecessor. It sports a better camera, faster
performance and, in a new twist, gets rid of the headphone jack. - Bloomberg

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SI


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              397 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Sunday Tribune (South Africa)

                               September 18, 2016
                                   E1 Edition

A short history of everything iPhone

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 393 words


Apple's new iPhone 7 isn't a major upgrade on the previous version, despite its
various updates and features - and the well-flagged news that the smartphone has
no headphone jack. That said, the iPhone has been a game-changer. It helped
Apple become the world's most valuable company and has swept aside many a rival
device, contributing to the decline of household names from BlackBerry to Nokia.
Here's a look at its evolution.

Introducing the iPhone

The first model arrives in 2007, ushering in the era of smartphones. While other
devices had featured touchscreens, Apple's was the first to package the
technology so that it worked seamlessly.

iPhone 3G

The first upgrade, with 3G offering faster wireless connections. The new App
Store is a key element in enhancing the capabilities of the device.

iPhone 3GS

The iPhone 3GS in 2009 isn't a major upgrade, offering only marginal
improvements in speed.

iPhone 4

The iPhone 4, which comes out in 2010, is Apple's first radical redesign of the
device. The launch also results in Antennagate: The design of the case leads to
some dropped calls and forces the company to offer free antenna bands to
mitigate the problem.

iPhone 4S

The iPhone 4S is another minor upgrade, helping to solve the antenna issue and
boosting performance.

iPhone 5

The iPhone 5 in 2012 marks Apple's move to bigger screens and is a hit with
consumers, delivering rapid revenue growth for Apple.

iPhone 5C and 5S

The iPhone 5S upgrade isn't a surprise. It's the introduction of the more
affordable iPhone 5C that raises eyebrows; designed to appeal to emerging
markets, it doesn't prove to be a big hit.

iPhone 6 and 6 Plus

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in 2014 is the right move at the right time. The bigger
smartphones wow customers in Asia and put Apple into the top spot in China.

iPhone 6S

The upgrade doesn't change much - a bit faster, a bit better.

iPhone SE

Earlier this year, Apple surprises by reviving the iPhone 5's size and shape in
the form of the iPhone SE. A cheaper, mid-range phone, it sells better than
expected in places such as Latin America, but isn't enough to reverse a revenue
decline.

iPhone 7 and 7 Plus

The iPhone 7 is a break from Apple's two-year upgrade cycle, with the size and
shape almost unchanged from its predecessor. It sports a better camera, faster
performance and, in a new twist, gets rid of the headphone jack. - Bloomberg

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NT


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              398 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            October 24, 2014 Friday

Festive fever: iPhone 6 sales fantastic across Gujarat;
an average, around 50-60 iPhone handsets are being sold on a daily basis across
Gujarat

BYLINE: Niyati Parikh-Deshpande

LENGTH: 309  words


an average, around 50-60 iPhone handsets are being sold on a daily basis across
Gujarat

Ahmedabad: Six days after it was officially launched in the state, Apple's
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus are getting an overwhelming response from the fans
across the state.

"There has been an overwhelming response from Gujarat for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
plus. Of the three variants available for each of these phones, the 128 GB
variant is the most popular one. In fact, we are out of stock for the 128 GB
iPhone 6, as we did not expect so much demand for the most expensive of the
models of the new Apple device. We have been getting many calls and inquiries
for the same," said Shekhar Singh, corporate communications manager of an
e-retail venture, Infibeam.

Sources said that on an average, around 50-60 iPhone handsets are being sold on
a daily basis across Gujarat by various e-retailers, of which around 30-40 are
sold in Ahmedabad alone.

Considering estimates provided by various retailers, the number of handsets sold
across Ahmedabad are around 300. This makes an average of more than Rs2 crore
spent by city-dwellers on iPhone.

Nilpesh Chavda, a resident of Bopal told dna, "I am keenly waiting for the new
iphone 6 plus that I have booked after paying Rs80,500. I am a fan of Apple
gadgets and I don't mind spending even up to Rs1.5-2 lakh to get these devices.
Apart from twhe new iPhone, I also look forward to Apple's smart watch."
Reviewers have rated the phone as the best in Apple's range so far and indeed
worthy of the obeisance people across the world have been paying to it. The
device boasts of a LED-backlit IPS LCD, capacitive touch screen with 16M colors,
an 8MP camera with face detection autofocus, dual-LED (dual tone) flash with HD
video and image recording, 1GB RAM along with a 1.4 GHz Processor.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2014 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              399 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

Apple goes back to roots for iPhone, Apple Watch unveilings

BYLINE: Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla, Calgary Herald

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 429 words

DATELINE: CUPERTINO, CALIF.


Apple made its big iPhone play for the year here last week while also ushering
in a potential solution to mobile payments and unveiling its anticipated Apple
Watch wearable.

Choosing the Flint Center for the Performing Arts, a historic location for Apple
where Steve Jobs launched the original Macintosh in 1984, the event was clearly
Apple CEO Tim Cook's show.

"The iPhone is the most loved smartphone in the world with the highest customer
satisfaction in the industry and we are making it much better in every way and
we think customers are going to love it," Cook said before unveiling the iPhone
6 and the iPhone 6 Plus. Releasing the biggest iPhones they've ever shipped,
Apple now offers its widest array of smartphone choices from the entry-level
iPhone 5c, the mid-range iPhone 5s and the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

The iPhone 6 is significantly thinner than its predecessor and features a larger
4.7-inch Retina HD display. A more powerful Apple 64-bit A8 processor adds 50
per cent more performance while promising better battery life.

An improved iSight camera offers faster focusing, built-in image stabilization
technology and improvements to HD video recording that allow for up to 60 frames
per second for 1080p video and 240 frames per second for slow-motion, as well as
continuous autofocus, cinematic video stabilization and timelapse video.

The larger iPhone 6 Plus offers a larger, 5.5-inch Retina HD display, an optical
image stabilization feature as well as the ability to run some apps in landscape
mode. Analysts see the larger iPhone sizes as an acknowledgment by Apple that
users want variety in screen size.

One of the big features that both new iPhones offer is NFC (Near Field
Communication), which has been available on smartphones for a number of years,
but was not fully realized as a payments solutions. Companies like Sony and
Samsung have instead leveraged NFC as a feature to connect to wireless speakers
or send messages.

The NFC feature on new the iPhone 6 can enable touchless digital payments using
the new Apple Pay system, which will roll out shortly in the US. Safely storing
user's credit card information for payment, Apple Pay uses a combination of NFC,
Apple's PassBook technology and the Touch ID feature to authenticate the
transaction.

Apple's biggest announcement was its highly anticipated wearable, the Apple
Watch.

Coming to market in 2015, the Apple Watch is a super accurate timepiece, a
health tracker, a remote control for iTunes and for the iPhone as well as a
conduit for communications, as well as wearable platform.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Calgary Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              400 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                              May 10, 2013, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending May 10;
Popping inventory, Apple's secret factories, June madness

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 2800 words


An unstable hot air mass troubled the iOSphere this week, the sky blackened by
contradictory rumors, sometimes in thesame blog post.

There was even confusion over whether the words "4G iPhone 6" referred to the
Next iPhone or the Current iPhone.

Also this week: the audacious made-before-your-very-eyes rumor that Apple is
building its own overseas assembly plants; the supply chain is ahead of schedule
and behind schedule so that means a June or perhaps later release date for
iPhone 6; and Sharp is ramping up to mass produce iPhone 5S screens in June even
though it dropped Apple as a customer in January.

You read it here second.

__________"The curiously conflicting comments from the factories [of Apple's OEM
partners], which don't line up with known sales figures and inventory
availability, only make sense if Apple is quietly but broadly pulling its
manufacturing orders from its longtime partners in favor of building its own
factories."~ Will Stabley, StableyTimes.com, showing what can be accomplished
when one pretends that comments and figures are based on facts instead of on
rumors.__________ iPhone 6 "pops up in carrier system" Yet another rumor that
promises more than it delivers.

The headline at GottaBeMobile reads in full: "iPhone 6 Pops Up in Carrier
System, But Far From Release."  Which certainly implies that, you know, someone
saw and identified an iPhone 6.

In fact, what allegedly "popped up" were the words "4G iPhone 6" on what was
variously called (sometimes in the same online posting) an inventory list, a
product list, a "till system," a computer system, or perhaps all the above, of
British mobile carrier Vodafone.

"A Vodafone employee reportedly snapped the photo of the computer system showing
an entry for the "4G iPhone 6? mixed in with what appear to be plans and other
device listings," explains Josh Smith.

The photo was originally published by Stuff.tv.  "Stuff has received a spy shot
of a UK mobile operator's till system which lists '4G iPhone 6' on a product
list," the website announced. Here's the current version of the spy shot, with
some previously visible portions blurred out.

"The photo was snapped at a UK operator store and strongly suggests that Apple
will be skipping the 5S moniker and jumping straight to the iPhone 6, meaning we
could be in for some drastic changes from the Apple camp," Stuff announces
breathlessly.

Because the iPhone 5S is just, in the phrase a la mode, a "spec bump" whereas
the iPhone 6 will be a Huge Step Forward.

But by this time, GottaBeMobile's Josh Smith is busily trying to convince
readers of his post that actually there's nothing to the rumor, because the term
"iPhone 6" doesn't refer to a new iPhone at all.

"The simpler explanation for the iPhone 6 showing up in Vodafone's system is
that this may be a listing for the [existing] iPhone 5," he reveals. "The iPhone
5 is actually the sixth iPhone, so it could potentially carry the iPhone 6 name
on an internal system that is never meant to see the light of day."

But there's no holding back Stuff.tv, which reaches escape velocity from the
gravitational pull of Reason in just a few sentences.

"[W]e could see a totally revamped body which strays away from the iPhone 4S and
iPhone 5's well-established shape," according to Stuff. "With Apple's WWDC
kicking off on June 10th with a plastic budget iPhone expected to make an
appearance, Apple could surprise us all with an early reveal of the iPhone 6.
This would match up with the latest rumours which suggest that iPhone 6
production will begin in July, with an earlier August release date."

Which of course contradicts rumors from as recently as last week, which pushed
the "iPhone 6" into 2014, leaving us in 2013 with only the "iPhone 5S."

iPhone 6 will be assembled in Apple's own factories StableyTimes.com is to be
congratulated for what is undoubtedly the most audacious rumor of the week,
created apparently ex nihilo ("out of nothing"): Apple is building and manning
its own overseas manufacturing/assembly factories. The downside to audacity is
that after this, the website will be known as UnstableyTimes.com The post by
Will Stabley starts by misstating, misinterpreting, and mangling news and rumors
about two of Apple's device assemblers, Pegatron and Foxconn.

"[iPad assembler] Pegatron [is] stating that it's facing a surprise drop in iPad
mini demand from Apple," Stabley asserts.

"IPhone 5 sales continue to soar while its manufacturer Foxconn reports massive
drops in orders for it as well, with the vendor talking about life after Apple
as if it's already lost the iPhone 6."

Neither of the companies made such assertions.

A Bloomberg story this week by Tim Culpan, on Pegatron's first quarter results,
implied that Pegatron's CEO explicitly blamed a drop in iPad orders from Apple
for an expected second quarter decline in Pegatron's consumer electronics
revenues. And that's how it was widely and uncritically interpreted.

But Fortune's Philip Elmer-Dewitt dissected the Bloomberg story's problems. And
he emailed Pegatron CEO Jason Cheng and asked him about his alleged comments. In
reply, Cheng summarized his interacting with Culpan and concluded "I did not say
anything associated with any specific products." Or, in keeping with the
company's long-standing practice and principles, with any specific customer.

Which, as Elmer-Dewitt noted, is standard operating procedure for contract
manufacturers, especially those working with Apple.

Similarly, in its recent quarterly financial report, Foxconn reported a decline
in orders from one customer, without naming the customer. Apple isn't its only
customer; and estimates of the percentage of Foxconn business attributed to
Apple are unreliable, ranging from 40 to 70%. Again, executives made no mention
of Apple or the iPhone.

But Stabley is undeterred and, apparently unaware of the dangers of building a
house on sand instead of rock (cf the Gospel of Matthew 7:24-27), constructs a
new rumor before our very eyes.

"The curiously conflicting comments from the factories, which don't line up with
known sales figures and inventory availability, only make sense if Apple is
quietly but broadly pulling its manufacturing orders from its longtime partners
in favor of building its own factories," he declares. It apparently doesn't
occur to Stabley that the comments are in conflict and don't line up because
there's something mistaken about the comments or figures.

Set aside the question of what actually is "known" about Apple's sales figures
and inventory availability, except quarterly.

Let's think about this. Apple relies on Asian OEM manufacturers who have honed
their ability to manufacture complex, high quality consumer electronics products
on a mass basis. This takes place, especially in the case of Foxconn, in immense
factories based in Taiwan and China, staffed by hundreds of thousands of
employees in some cases. As a result, these companies have a web of
relationships with local and national political and regulatory authorities,
local labor markets, shipping and freight carriers, and a network of scores or
hundreds of component suppliers to name just a few.

Apple, according to Stabley, is preparing to scrap this entire, complex
infrastructure and re-create it all by itself.

"As odd as the idea may sound, it's the only explanation which allows the
current chain of events regarding the two products to make sense," Stabley
insists.

"Odd" doesn't begin to describe the idea.

In 2012, Apple invested $9.5 billion in capital spending, "including product
tooling and manufacturing process equipment, and other corporate facilities and
infrastructure." That was more than double what it spent in 2011. Apple
indicated last fall it will spend over $10 billion in the current fiscal 2013.

In a November 2012 analysis of this spending, Asymco's Horace Dediu suggests
that some of this money is to secure manufacturing assets of Sharp Corp., a
financially struggling screen manufacturer and a key supplier of mobile displays
to Apple. The rest of it is investing in equipment that is owned by Apple but
deployed at the manufacturing plants of its OEM contractors.

"The overall story remains that Apple is still injecting vast and growing
amounts of capital into production and placing those assets on its own balance
sheet," Dediu concluded.

Far from replacing the strengths and infrastructure of OEM partners, Apple's
capital spending leverages them. And the $20 billion being spent in calendar
2012 and 2013 indicate a massive growth in production capacity and, conceivably,
in equipment for new categories of Apple products, as Tim Cook indicated at
Apple's most recent earnings call when he talked about product introductions
starting in the fall of 2013 and continuing into 2014.

iPhone 5S or 6 due in June, or maybe July or August, no matter what Tim Cook
says If it's Friday, the Apple supply chain must be behind schedule again. Or
ahead of schedule. It all depends.

International Business Times on May 8 declared that "New rumours claimed that
Apple's upcoming smartphones, iPhone 6 and 5S, is set to be launched next month
along with iOS 7."

That seems straightforward enough, eh?

"This contradicts earlier reports that the next iPhone will be released as early
as later this year, according to the somewhat confused phrasing of Kristin Dian
Mariano. She mentions that Apple CEO Tim Cook recently said, pretty clearly,
that new hardware, software and sources would begin to be announced in the fall
of 2013. Rather amazingly, she takes this as proof that "the reports on the
delayed release date of Apple products proved to be true."

The June release rumor also contradicts IBT's post - the day before on June 7 --
that the "production of iPhone 6 and 5S may commence as soon as July." IBT's
source for this claim was a post at PatentlyApple on May 6, which in turn cited
but didn't link to a "new Chinese report" that Apple's "supply chain
manufacturers have begun to receive component parts for the new iPhone,
supposedly named the 5S."

PatentlyApple's Jack Purcher explains it takes two months to "reach the assembly
stage," which means the Next iPhones will be assembled in July and released in
August.

"Today's latest rumor suggests that Apple could be breaking with their
traditional September-only release time frame for new iPhones," Purcher says.

That would be the ancient and venerable 2-year-old tradition encompassing the
iPhone 4S, released October 2011, and the iPhone 5, released September 2012.

"The rumor is blatantly suggesting that the iPhone 5S would debut in August and
a new economical entry in September." For no identifiable reason, Purcher
considers this a "stretch."

"Yet for now, the rumor of the day out of Apple's supply chain is that Apple has
moved up their part orders earlier than normal which could point to an earlier
release of the iPhone 5S."

So putting together these two websites' "reporting," we now know that Apple's
supply chain is running ahead of schedule and behind schedule, that the release
of the Next iPhones will be later than planned and earlier than planned, and
could be released in June, August, or September or possibly as early as later
this year.

iPhone 5S display panel from Sharp ramps up production in June or not More
"reporting" from the supply chain.

"A report from the Far East on Tuesday says struggling LCD manufacturer and
Apple supplier Sharp is ready to ramp up display manufacture for the
next-generation iPhone, with mass production slated to start next month," says
AppleInsider's Mikey Campbell.  The information, such as it is, is lifted
originally from a Japanese website, Nikkan Kogyo Shimbun. The website post also
caught the eye of VentureBeat's John Koetsier, who like Campbell, wrote a
summary that managed to be longer than the original.  Koetsier linked to a
Google Translate version of the original post, something that always require a
certain, uh, flexibility of imagination to grasp its meaning, since you end up
with sentences like: "Appears to have embarked on production readiness of
consecutive holidays from May Kameyama Plant No. 1 of Apple smartphones LCD
dedicated plagued by sluggish occupancy rate since the beginning of the year in
(Kameyama, Mie Prefecture)."

A generous interpretation appears to be: the Japanese website claims that Sharp
will ramp up production of iPhone 5S displays starting in June. Koetsier calls
attention to this sentence: "The liquid crystal panel of the next model 'iPhone
(iPhone) 5' Apple, specification is close to the current and the 'iPhone 5'."

"In other words, the 5S is the same size and shape as the 5, which means that
this particular product is not the iPhone Mini or iPhone Maxi that have recently
been rumored," Koetsier explains. "Which doesn't, of course, mean that Apple is
not sourcing components for those potential products from other manufacturers."

Exactly. What we know points to the opposite of what we thought we knew but that
doesn't mean that what we thought was happening isn't actually happening. As
Will Stabley might put it, "As odd as the idea may sound, it's the only
explanation which allows the current chain of events regarding the two products
to make sense."

Yet despite the rumors that Sharp is ramping up iPhone display production, this
week also brings rumors that say, basically, the reverse. "Surprising Report
Surfaces Claiming Sharp has Dropped Apple" is the headline at PatentlyApple.

"A surprising Korean report [by Korea IT News] this afternoon emphatically
states that Sharp, the leading company in the small & medium-sized LCD panel
market, is starkly changing its supply strategy...."writes Jack Purcher.
"According to the industry on May 8, Sharp stopped the production of LCD panels
for iPad as of January this year and started supplying Samsung with small and
medium-sized IGZO panels instead."

The problems with this assessment are almost as great as those associated with
Stabley's assessment that Apple is building its own assembly plants, as this
March 27 story by The Wall Street Journal makes clear: "Sharp Corp. is banking
on a proprietary technology with an unproven track record to revive its fortunes
after it soon reports what's expected to be the largest annual loss in its
100-year history."

Thoroughly reported, the Journal story clarifies the technology's benefits,
reveals its importance to Sharp, and puts the company's product and financial
challenges in context.

"The technology is IGZO, short for indium gallium zinc oxide, and it's a
semiconductor material developed to make liquid crystal displays. It appears to
be a major step forward from the more common silicon-based alternatives,
promising twice as much battery life, sharper images and a more than fivefold
increase in the sensitivity of touch screens for smartphones and tablets."

Here's how important IGZO is to Sharp, according to the Journal story: "'IGZO
will be the technology to rescue Sharp,' Takashi Okuda, the company's president,
told a news conference Nov. 1 [2012] as the electronics maker warned that its
financial situation was so tenuous it was worried about its future as a 'going
concern.'" But the rescue is not assured. From the Journal: Sharp is "on track
for a loss of nearly $9 billion [!] over the past two fiscal years, and its
interest-bearing debt dwarfs its cash on hand by a ratio of seven to one." The
story continues: "Ironically, the exclusive advances made by Sharp's IGZO
screens are limiting the company's reach. Major electronics manufacturers often
insist on at least two suppliers for every key component to ensure stable supply
and maintain pricing leverage."

As noted above in "iPhone 6 will be assembled in Apple's own factories," Apple
may have been heavily involved in 2012 in propping up Sharp's troubled finances.
Samsung recently took about a 3% equity stake in Sharp, and according to the
Journal is set to expand its purchase of Sharp IGZO displays, currently found on
Samsung products sold only in Japan. It's not clear that Samsung's stake is to
persuade or compel Sharp to "drop" Apple, given how desperately the display
maker needs more, not fewer, customers.

The Journal notes two other display makers are investing in IGZO, but don't seem
to have reached the level of Sharp: Innolux Corp., a unit of Taiwan's Hon Hai
Precision Industry Co. (parent of Foxconn, a main assembler for Apple products)
started producing IGZO displays in small quantities in February 2013; and AU
Optronics Corp., also based in Taiwan, has developed IGZO displays, "but it
hasn't said if or when it will start mass production."

So we know that Sharp is ramping up production of screens for the next iPhone.
And we know that it's not.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network
World.Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              401 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                          September 3, 2014 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

iPhone 6 signals boost for Telstra;
NEWS - Telcos New phone to shake up market

BYLINE: David Ramli

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 535 words


Surging demand for Apple's iPhone 6 will increase Telstra's domination of the
mobile market and win it an extra $500 million in revenue, according to Morgan
Stanley Research analysts.

But Vodafone Australia and SingTel-Optus are also gearing up in expectation that
Apple's latest smartphone will be a hit, thanks to its larger screen.

Morgan Stanley Research predicted the iPhone 6 would help Telstra get an extra
465,000 mobile customers during the 2015 financial year. This would bring its
total subscriber numbers to 16.5 million by June 30, 2015, compared with the 9.4
million at Optus and 4.96 million at Vodafone Australia today.

The company used an online survey of 2000 mobile users in August to test how
customers felt about their mobile networks and the Apple iPhone 6.

"Respondents tend to think that Telstra's service is too expensive [but] despite
a higher price, user satisfaction is highest for Telstra followed by Optus and
Vodafone," the report said. "Only 25 per cent of the Telstra users believe
switching to another operator could enhance their user experience, compared to
36 per cent of Optus users and 50 per cent of Vodafone users."

The report said 45 per cent of iPhones in Australia used Telstra's network,
followed by 27 per cent on Optus and 26 per cent on Vodafone.

Morgan Stanley predicted the iPhone 6 would help Telstra gain another 5 per cent
of the iPhone market, which in turn "could add $300 million to $500 million [in]
additional mobile revenue".

Telstra's gains would come at the expense of its rivals.

Optus' market share would remain flat, while Vodafone's share would drop 6 per
cent if the iPhone 6 comes with a 5.5-inch screen as expected, Morgan Stanley
predicted.

But the investment bank said its forecasts could be wrong if Optus or Vodafone
launched an aggressive pricing war, because both companies are closing the 4G
coverage gap with Telstra.

Other analysts also put caveats on the potential gains Telstra could make from
the iPhone 6.

Bank of American Merrill Lynch's Sameer Chopra said Telstra's success would
partly depend on its rivals offering entry-level prices of about $80 a month or
more. He also said Apple's iPhone 6 would be a positive for Telstra if it used
the 700MHz band of electronic spectrum the company bought for $1.3 billion and
will switch on in 2015.

Telstra has historically done better than other carriers from the launch of new
iPhone models, which almost always hits the market in the first half of the
financial year.

"In three of the last four years, Telstra has added significantly more
subscribers in the first half versus the second half [of the year] and we
believe much of this change is due to the launch of the latest iPhones," Mr
Chopra said.

Not all new iPhone models have been a hit with Australian users. While still
broadly popular, Apple's iPhone 5s and 5c got a lukewarm reception compared with
the hype for the models that preceded them, as they were seen to offer little
more than older models. This let Korean handset maker Samsung fill the gap and
win customers over with its popular devices.

"However, the data from our survey suggests that Apple's new iPhone 6 could see
this trend turn around," Morgan Stanley Research said.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Apple chiefs at the release of the previous iPhone 5. Photo:
Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              402 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                     October 14, 2015 Wednesday 1:46 PM GMT

The best iPhone 6s cases;
The newest member of the Apple family line is being snapped up like hot cakes.
If you've welcomed the latest iPhone into your life, you'll need something tough
to pretect it from scuffsand scratches. We've found the best cases to keep your
6S in tip-top condition

BYLINE: Melisha Kaur

SECTION: GADGETS & TECH

LENGTH: 420 words


Your spanking new iPhone 6S is a beautiful thing. But you'll need a protective
case to keep it that way. Drops, scrapes and marks are hard to avoid if you're
always on the go, so we've found some tough covers to safeguard your smartphone
while giving it a stylish finishing touch.

1. Ted Baker iPhone 6/6S Case in Alli Cascading Floral with Mirror

Featuring a vibrant floral design, this pretty case offers all-round protection
against everyday bumps and scrapes and gives easy access to controls. Selfie
queens can use the built-in mirror before taking a snap and keep their phone in
a handbag without worrying about it getting scratched.

Ted Baker iPhone 6/6S Case in Alli Cascading Floral with Mirror

£29.95, Proporta,

Buy it now

2. Skinnydip iPhone 6/6s Krusty O's Case

The Simpsons fans can protect their tech with this fun case by Skinnydip London.
The colourful accessory is made with flexible silicone and will cover the back
and sides of your smartphone.

Skinnydip iPhone 6/6s Krusty O's Case

£16, Skinnydip London,

Buy it now

3. Rock Dr.V iPhone 6S/6 View Case in Gold

Perfect for multi-taskers on the go, this sleek gold flip case offers strong
protection for the front and back of your phone and allows you to unlock your
device while it's still closed. The slim cover offers a snug fit and also aids
grip - which is great for those who tend to drop their phones.

Rock Dr.V iPhone 6S/6 View Case in Gold

£19.99, MobileFun,

Buy it now

4. Spigen iPhone 6 and 6s Air Skin Soft Clear Case

This semi-transparent case may only be 0.4mm thick, but a premium polycarbonate
build and protective urethane coating means it's tough enough to keep your
iPhone safe from knocks and scratches. If you're not keen on the bulk of most
cases, then this lightweight cover is your best bet.

Spigen iPhone 6 and 6s Air Skin Soft Clear Case

£12.99, Mobile Madhouse,

Buy it now

5. Olixar Maze Hollow iPhone 6S/6 Case in Mint Green

Give your phone a fresh look with this handsome mint green case. With a striking
hollow maze-inspired design, the hard cover has a raised bezel to shield your
device from scratches and dirt and won't add extra bulk.

Olixar Maze Hollow iPhone 6S/6 Case in Mint Green

£15, MobileFun,

Buy it now

Follow us on Twitter

@ESLifeandStyle

and on

Facebook

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2015 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              403 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             April 7, 2015 Tuesday

Worldwide iPhone sales decline except in China

BYLINE: Yu Xiaoming

LENGTH: 282  words


The smartphone's market share has had a strong rally for four straight months in
China despite its deline in seven of the world's largest markets.

A customer holds an iPhone 6 (R) and iPhone 6 Plus at the Apple store on Fifth
Avenue after the phones went on sale in New York in this file photo taken
September 19, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

iPhone's market share declined in the United States, Germany, Britain, Italy,
Spain and Japan in the three months to the end of February, but in China, it has
had a strong rally for four straight months, according to a Forbes report.

Data from market research institute Kantar Worldpanel ComTech showed that
iPhone's market share declined in January and February in seven of the world's
largest markets. Its share in the US fell from 47.7 to 38.8 percent, Japan, from
60.2 to 49.8 percent; Germany, from 20.9 to 17.4 percent; Britain, from 42.0 to
38.6 percent; France, from 23.0 to 21.6 percent; Spain, from 12.9 to 8.7 percent
and Italy, from 18.3 to 17.5 percent.

Due to the effect of the launch of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in October, China
Mobile's 4G network rollout and the Spring Festival, iPhone's market share in
China rose to 27.6 percent from 18.1 percent last November.

"Chinese need has been strong since iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus came to the
market, KWC chief researcher Carolina Milanesi said, adding that the situation
continued up to the Spring Festival. Among iPhone users, China Mobile's
subscribers account for 59 percent.

"iPhone 6 is still the best-selling smartphone in Chinese cities, and its market
share rose to 10.2 percent in February, compared with 9.5 percent last month,"
said Tamsin Timpson, KWC Asian strategy analysis director.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              404 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                            March 28, 2015 Saturday
                              CourierMail Edition

Triple treat in store for Apple fans

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 181  words


FOR fans of Apple's iPhones, this could be the year that good things come in
threes.

There are reports that Apple is planning to go one better this year and unveil
three new models of the iPhone in September.

Twice before, Apple has rel-eased two iPhones at one time.

Two years ago, it was the iPhone 5S and the colourful but only slightly cheaper
iPhone 5C.

Last year, Apple unveiled the new bigger iPhone 6 and the even bigger iPhone 6
Plus.

Now Digitimes is reporting that Apple will unveil a collection of three iPhones
this year.

Alongside the expected upgrades with the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus, Digitimes
says there will be an iPhone 6C.

Some dismiss the iPhone 5C as Apple's one failure with an iPhone, with much of
the criticism focusing on the flawed perception that C would stand for "cheap"
and Apple does not do cheap.

According to the report, the 6C will have a 4-inch (10.1cm) screen, making it
significantly smaller than the 4.7-inch (11.9cm) iPhone 6 and 5.5-inch (14cm)
iPhone 6.It will be powered by the A8 chip, while the two flagship phones will
use a more powerful A9 chip.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Courier-Mail


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              405 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                        April 1, 2013 Monday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone 6 to come this June, will come in more color variants

BYLINE: Dailybhaskar.com

LENGTH: 278  words


It is expected that Apple will release its next iPhone this year in an Annual
event. The phone which  has been rumoured as the iPhone 6 runing the latest
operating system iOS 7 might see a launch this year in Summer.

According to iGeeksblog (http://www.igeeksblog.com/iphone-6
-release-date-set-for-june-businessinsider-reports/), Brian White of Topeka
Capital (a well-known analyst circles) has been quoted by BI
(http://www.businessinsider.com/iphone-6-2013-1) that the iPhone 5s successor
would be coming in with more color and screen options. Another story in the same
blog (http://www.igeeksblog.com/ios-7-release-date/) confirmed that Apple is
working on the iOS 7 which will come with the 'next iPhone device'. Another
report in Expertreviews (http://www.expertreviews.co.uk/mobile-phones/1297255/
iphone-6-release-date-specs-what-we-know-so-far) also confirmed the iPhone 6
under process and said "the latest information suggests that the Apple A7
processor (http://www.expertreviews.co.uk/mobile-phones/1298617/iphone-6
-a7-processor-being-built-not-for-iphone-5s) is now being finished by the Taiwan
Semiconductor Manufacturing company. It appears as though, the final design will
go in March, then move to risk production in May-June."

This phone is expected to be launched in May or June this year. This is what
Brian White speculated. Peter Misek, analyst at investment firm Jeffries & Co
also indicated a mid 2013 release. "Our checks indicate that preliminary builds
for the iPhone 5S will start in March for a launch in June/July" Mac Rumours
(http://www.macrumors.com/2013/01/15/iphone
-5s-reportedly-slated-for-march-production-with-junejuly-launch/) reported.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2013 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              406 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                           December 13, 2014 Saturday

GENXT named iPhone authorised distributor

LENGTH: 446 words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, Dec. 13 -- Generation Next Communications (GENXT) has been approved
by Apple Inc to sell its iPhone series in Nepal as the authorised distributor,
the company said. It added that the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus would be
unveiled in the domestic market next week.Although Apple has been selling its
products like the iMac, iPod and MacBooks through various authorised resellers
in Nepal, it has not appointed any authorised distributor for the iPhone.

"Nepali customers will be able to buy the latest series of the iPhone 6 along
with previous models through our sales and distribution network in the country
probably from next Friday," said Pawan Kumar Bhimsariya, managing director of
Generation Next, confirming that his company had been appointed as the
authorised distributor for the iPhone in Nepal.

"Due to lack of authorised sales and service centres, customers have been facing
various problems related to after sales service, but now they can be assured of
the products they buy as we will provide a one-year warranty and VAT bill," said
Bhimsariya.

Although the company didn't disclose the price of the iPhone series, Bhimsariya
said that the rates would be lower than what customers had been paying in the
grey market. Local vendors have been selling the iPhone at a starting price of
Rs 85,000.

Officially launched in September in various international markets, the iPhone 6
and the iPhone 6 Plus are Apple's latest and thinnest smartphones that come in
4.7 and 5.5 inch display. The iPhone 6 and the 6 Plus are thinner at 6.8 mm and
7.1 mm respectively. Both the phones are powered by a new A8 processor and sport
an 8 MP iSight camera along with a 1.2 MP front facing camera.

Both the phones support 2G, 3G and 4G network. These phones will be available in
16, 32, 64 and 128 GB capacities and three colour options, grey, silver and
gold, said Bhimsariya. The phones come with features like shatter-proof glass,
fingerprint sensor, active noise cancellation with dedicated mic, face
detection, iCloud service, iMessage, document viewer and editor and Maps, among
others.

Bhimsariya said that they were planning to launch EMI and bundling service with
telecommunication service provider Ncell. According to Bhimsariya, there will be
24 retail stores including three showrooms of Evo Store and Future World along
with 18 Ncell centres. "We have asked Apple to open another seven to eight
retail stores, but it has not confirmed anything yet," added Bhimsariya.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from EKantipur.com. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              407 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

New iPhones to be available on grey market from Saturday

BYLINE: Naushad K Cherrayil Staff Reporter

LENGTH: 535 words


Dubai

Pre-booked Apple aficionados can get their hands on the new iPhones from the
grey market starting Saturday but at a premium.

Online traders said there is a strong demand for Apple's new phones in the UAE.

"We have started getting strong pre-orders and the traffic on our website is
very high," Omar Kassim, CEO and founder of JadoPado.com, told Gulf News.

"We have started pre-bookings three days ago for iPhone 6 and the demand has
been overwhelming. We haven't started pre-booking for the bigger iPhone 6 Plus
as there is a shortage at the moment. The demand has been much more than the
older Apple models," he said.

Both du and etisalat are starting the pre-bookings from Thursday at 12.01am on
their websites. However, etisalat's website had already started accepting
pre-bookings (registrations) from Wednesday.

The telecom operators were not available to comment on the pricing and the
availability. Du's website said that the phones will be available from September
27.

The 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus will be available in the
UAE from September 27 at all retail outlets.

"We have been told to be ready for the September 27 launch from etisalat. The
demand should be really strong and we are getting a lot of enquiries," said
Ashish Panjabi, COO at Jacky's Electronics.

Kassim said that some customers will get it on Saturday and others will get it
on Sunday.

"We have got pre-bookings from more than 500 customers but we will be getting
only 150 phones. The pre-booked customers will get it on Saturday," said Naushad
Pava, customer service agent at mygsm.me.

He said that all the customers want the devices on Saturday itself so "we are
finding it very difficult" to supply.

"The demand is more for iPhone 6 Plus and especially for the 128GB," he said.

"We have enough stocks to meet the demand. The demand is definitely going to be
strong due to the bigger screen sizes. The form factor hasn't changed for the
past two years, so many of the Apple customers moved to other smartphone makers
due to bigger screen sizes. Since Apple has come out with bigger screen sizes,
many of the Apple fans will revert to iPhones," he said.

Apple already got more than four million pre-orders in the first 24 hours of the
launch.

An industry source close to the telecom operators said that the iPhone 6 starts
from Dh2,749 and 6 Plus from Dh3,149.

JadoPado is selling the iPhone 6 (16GB) for Dh4,349, 32GB for Dh4,849 and 128GB
for Dh5,349 while mygsm is selling the iPhone 6 (16GB) for Dh2,999, 32GB for
Dh3,350, 128GB for Dh3,900, iPhone 6 Plus (16GB) for Dh3,900, 32GB for Dh4,500,
128GB for Dh5,300.

Regarding the high pricing, Kassim said that all the stocks coming into the UAE
are alternatively sourced and it is passing through at least three or four
suppliers before we get our hands on it.

Apple's online store in the UAE to start pre-bookings from September 27 for the
new iPhones and the iPhone 6 comes in gold, silver and space grey, and will be
available for Dh2,599 for the 16GB model, Dh2,999 for the 64GB model and, for
the first time, a new 128GB model for Dh3,399. iPhone 6 Plus will be available
for Dh2,999 for the 16GB model, Dh3,399 for the 64GB model and Dh3,799 for the
new 128GB model.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2014 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              408 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

Camera comparison: Apple iPhone 6 Plus and Samsung Galaxy Note 4

BYLINE: Karan Bajaj & Hitesh Raj Bhagat

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 881 words


By now, everyone knows that the Apple iPhone 6 Plus and Samsung Galaxy Note 4
have great cameras. By how do they stand up when pitted against each other? We
found out in a head-to-head comparison.

How we tested it

There's not a lot you can do by way of settings (especially in the iPhone 6 Plus
and especially when using the default photography apps). However, we did stick
to the default apps and the default 'full auto' settings and auto ISO settings -
since that is how most people will use them. For the low light photographs where
camera shake was a high possibility, we used a tripod and the self-timer to
capture the photograph.

There are a total of 10 different scenarios, representing different types of
lighting, different subjects and a different times of day. We made sure that the
lenses were clean, captured each scenario with both phones, one after the other
and multiple photographs were taken. For the final comparisons, the best photo
of the lot were chosen. As far as possible, the same composition was used.

However, you may still notice some differences in the amount of detail captured
because the sensors used have different resolutions: the Note 4 camera sensor is
16 Megapixels while the iPhone 6 Plus camera sensor is 8 Megapixels.

Scenario 1 - The Garden

These photographs were taken outdoors at 8am. Looking at the complete photo, the
iPhone 6 Plus has obviously captured the more pleasing image. On a closer look,
the green grass looks slightly oversaturated but the rest of the objects were
truer to life. Noise levels were kept in check on both phones. The iPhone 6 Plus
takes this round because it just looked better to everyone who saw it.

Winner: iPhone 6 Plus

Scenario 2 - The Squirrel

These photographs were taken on the same day as the Garden, at roughly the same
time (8:15am). Here, the iPhone 6 Plus pulled off the more pleasing image but
the Note 4 captured more detail -seen in the fine lines of the squirrel and on
the yellow watering can. There was no clear winner.

Winner: Tie

Scenario 3 - The Globe

Captured indoors at night using a tripod and the room was lit by warm white CFL
bulbs. The globe has a single, 25 watt tungsten bulb inside it. The Note 4
offered a brighter image overall (areas around the globe were better lit)
however iPhone 6 Plus offered a higher level of detail and captured better
colour which was able to bring out the subtle variations of the globe surface.

Winner: iPhone 6 Plus

Scenario 4 - Bottles

This photograph was captured indoors and the only light was from six, overhead,
60 watt tungsten bulbs. The bottles were placed on a glass table and a tripod
was used. Both photographs look remarkably similar but if you zoom in, it's
clear that the Note 4 offered higher detail and lower levels of noise. The
higher noise in the iPhone 6 Plus was also muddling the edges of the bottles
together.

Winner: Note 4

Scenario 5 - Pac Man

This photograph was captured indoors and the subject is a Pac Man lamp with a 15
watt tungsten bulb inside. The black areas of the lamp are opaque while light
comes out from the coloured designs. The room was lit with six, overhead 60 watt
tungsten bulbs and the phones were placed on the wooden counter using a
Gorillapod. The Note 4 captured some details better (like the magenta paper) but
overall, the iPhone takes this round because of more accurate colour -
especially the yellow Pac Man.

Winner: iPhone 6 Plus

\xA0

Scenario 6 - Woolen Braids

This image was captured indoors at 1pm with natural light streaming in from a
window to the right of the subject. The iPhone 6 Plus gave a yellow tint to the
entire image. This one was no contest - the Note 4 easily managed to best the
iPhone with a sharper and overall more pleasing image.

Winner - Note 4

Scenario 7 - Thor Lowlight

This image of a plastic Thor figurine was taken indoors at night with a single
overhead light source. The Note 4 captured the better shot with the subject more
evenly lit up. The iPhone had more accurate colour but the Note 4 captured a lot
more detail with lesser noise. This one goes to the Note 4 because the colours
were easily corrected and it performed better in low light.

Winner - Note 4

Scenario 8 - Ganesha

This image taken in the morning hours with the Ganesha stone carving placed
under a building shade. Ganesha's face was selected as the focus point and the
phones were handheld. While both phones took well-detailed shots, the iPhone 6
Plus shows more vivid colours while the Note 4 impressed with natural,
true-to-life colours. This one's a tie.

Winner- Tie

Scenario 9 - Watch details

The watch was placed outside on a metal grill in the afternoon. Both phones
captured a similar shade of green. There was no contest here because the Note 4
clearly captured the sharper image - better details were visible all the way up
to a 100% crop.

Winner - Note 4

Scenario 10 - Plant outdoors

This is a close up of a plant taken during the early evening hours. The depth of
field on the iPhone 6 Plus looks better at first glance. However, at a 50% crop,
you can clearly see the better detail captured by the Note 4.

Winner - Note 4

Conclusion

That makes a total of 3 wins for the iPhone 6 Plus, 2 ties and 5 wins for the
Note 4. This comparison was based entirely on photographs taken in auto mode.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              409 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

Technology review: iPhone 6 rekindles excitement for early iPhone user

BYLINE: By Paul Monies, Business Writer

SECTION:

LENGTH: 776 words


After getting burned by a quick price drop on Apple's first iPhone when it
debuted in June 2007, I vowed to never be an "early adopter" again.What a
difference seven years makes. The cult of Apple lives again.I upgraded Friday to
a brand-new iPhone 6 after spending the last three years with an iPhone 4s. I've
watched with a tinge of jealously as Apple launched the iPhone 5 in 2012 and
then the iPhone 5s last year, but resisted upgrading until now. I'm older and
wiser, so I wasn't among the faithful who waited in line at the Apple store. I
just had UPS deliver the phone to my house.Setting up the new iPhone was easy,
with most of the time coming from backing up my old one, which I hadn't done for
a couple of months.

Loading the backup copy on to my 128-GB iPhone 6 took about 30 minutes using the
Lightning cord connected to my home Mac. I transferred almost 5 GB of music,
almost 70 apps and more than 450 photos, along with various books and
documents.First, the jump in display size and the camera upgrades were
definitely worth the price of upgrading for me. The iPhone 6 has a 4.7-inch
display, about 34 percent bigger than the iPhone 4s display.The bigger display
just makes everything look better, with photos almost bleeding to the left and
right edges of the screen. There's more room for timeline updates in Twitter and
Facebook. And I now have two-that's right, two!-extra rows on the home screen
for apps.The keyboard, too, is much easier to type on with the larger screen. If
there's one drawback, it's a little harder to reach the "back" button on most
apps. I have fairly average-sized hands, but it's a stretch to get to the "back"
button if you're trying to use the phone with one hand, especially the right
hand. Apple has a workaround called "Reachability" for this problem where you
can double-touch the home button, but I couldn't get it to work half the
time.The iPhone 6 has a 8-megapixel main camera and a 1.2-megapixel FaceTime
camera for videoconferencing and "selfies." There's not a whole lot new on the
camera front, other than some software additions for face detection and exposure
controls.I did enjoy playing around with the slow-motion video feature, which
looked great when I captured our 6-month-old crawling on the floor and enjoying
his Jumparoo activity center.Other things that will take some time to get used
to for iPhone 4s users are the power button on the right side and the headphone
jack at the bottom. With the iPhone 6's larger size, it makes sense for the
power button to remain within easy reach, but after seven years of it being at
the top, it still feels strange. I don't know why the headphone jack was moved
to the bottom, although that's not a new development if you're upgrading from an
iPhone 5 or 5s.I can't say I was a fan of Touch ID, Apple's biometric
fingerprint reader used to unlock the phone and pay for purchases. I'm not
paranoid enough or interesting enough to need hard-core security measures, but I
did want to set it up for iTunes purchases. Apple supposedly lets you do that,
but it made me enter a passcode each time. I'm not sure if this is a bug or a
feature.After the first full charge, I got more than 36 hours of use out of the
iPhone 6, with most of it on the Wi-Fi network at my house over the weekend.
Much of the power consumption for me came from checking Twitter, the messaging
app GroupMe, fantasy football apps, music and reading online news sites. I
drained the battery completely on Monday afternoon by streaming video. It took
about 90 minutes to get back to a full charge.The new version of Apple's mobile
operating system, iOS 8, includes a handy look at power consumption by app. It's
a good way to check your most-used apps and see which ones aren't worth keeping
on your phone anymore. Under the iOS 8 upgrade, new iPhones bought in the past
year also are eligible for a free suite of Apple's productivity apps, including
Keynote, Numbers, Pages and iMovie.This is my fourth iPhone since 2007; I had
AT&amp;T service for the first two iPhones and Verizon for the next two. In
Oklahoma City, I haven't had a problem with service from either carrier.With the
iPhone 6, I'm now on Verizon's LTE high-speed data network, a considerable
upgrade from the 3G data network on my iPhone 4s. It's not as good as going from
a dial-up modem to broadband, but it's close.If you've got an older model iPhone
, upgrading to the iPhone 6 is definitely worth it. But if you already have an
iPhone 5 or 5s, I'm not sure the new features make much sense unless your phone
contract is expiring. Most iPhone 5 users will probably be fine with the new
version of Apple's iOS.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              410 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

Technology review: iPhone 6 rekindles excitement for early iPhone user

BYLINE: By Paul Monies Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 776 words


After getting burned by a quick price drop on Apple's first iPhone when it
debuted in June 2007, I vowed to never be an "early adopter" again.What a
difference seven years makes. The cult of Apple lives again.I upgraded Friday to
a brand-new iPhone 6 after spending the last three years with an iPhone 4s. I've
watched with a tinge of jealously as Apple launched the iPhone 5 in 2012 and
then the iPhone 5s last year, but resisted upgrading until now. I'm older and
wiser, so I wasn't among the faithful who waited in line at the Apple store. I
just had UPS deliver the phone to my house.Setting up the new iPhone was easy,
with most of the time coming from backing up my old one, which I hadn't done for
a couple of months.

Loading the backup copy on to my 128-GB iPhone 6 took about 30 minutes using the
Lightning cord connected to my home Mac. I transferred almost 5 GB of music,
almost 70 apps and more than 450 photos, along with various books and
documents.First, the jump in display size and the camera upgrades were
definitely worth the price of upgrading for me. The iPhone 6 has a 4.7-inch
display, about 34 percent bigger than the iPhone 4s display.The bigger display
just makes everything look better, with photos almost bleeding to the left and
right edges of the screen. There's more room for timeline updates in Twitter and
Facebook. And I now have two-that's right, two!-extra rows on the home screen
for apps.The keyboard, too, is much easier to type on with the larger screen. If
there's one drawback, it's a little harder to reach the "back" button on most
apps. I have fairly average-sized hands, but it's a stretch to get to the "back"
button if you're trying to use the phone with one hand, especially the right
hand. Apple has a workaround called "Reachability" for this problem where you
can double-touch the home button, but I couldn't get it to work half the
time.The iPhone 6 has a 8-megapixel main camera and a 1.2-megapixel FaceTime
camera for videoconferencing and "selfies." There's not a whole lot new on the
camera front, other than some software additions for face detection and exposure
controls.I did enjoy playing around with the slow-motion video feature, which
looked great when I captured our 6-month-old crawling on the floor and enjoying
his Jumparoo activity center.Other things that will take some time to get used
to for iPhone 4s users are the power button on the right side and the headphone
jack at the bottom. With the iPhone 6's larger size, it makes sense for the
power button to remain within easy reach, but after seven years of it being at
the top, it still feels strange. I don't know why the headphone jack was moved
to the bottom, although that's not a new development if you're upgrading from an
iPhone 5 or 5s.I can't say I was a fan of Touch ID, Apple's biometric
fingerprint reader used to unlock the phone and pay for purchases. I'm not
paranoid enough or interesting enough to need hard-core security measures, but I
did want to set it up for iTunes purchases. Apple supposedly lets you do that,
but it made me enter a passcode each time. I'm not sure if this is a bug or a
feature.After the first full charge, I got more than 36 hours of use out of the
iPhone 6, with most of it on the Wi-Fi network at my house over the weekend.
Much of the power consumption for me came from checking Twitter, the messaging
app GroupMe, fantasy football apps, music and reading online news sites. I
drained the battery completely on Monday afternoon by streaming video. It took
about 90 minutes to get back to a full charge.The new version of Apple's mobile
operating system, iOS 8, includes a handy look at power consumption by app. It's
a good way to check your most-used apps and see which ones aren't worth keeping
on your phone anymore. Under the iOS 8 upgrade, new iPhones bought in the past
year also are eligible for a free suite of Apple's productivity apps, including
Keynote, Numbers, Pages and iMovie.This is my fourth iPhone since 2007; I had
AT&amp;T service for the first two iPhones and Verizon for the next two. In
Oklahoma City, I haven't had a problem with service from either carrier.With the
iPhone 6, I'm now on Verizon's LTE high-speed data network, a considerable
upgrade from the 3G data network on my iPhone 4s. It's not as good as going from
a dial-up modem to broadband, but it's close.If you've got an older model iPhone
, upgrading to the iPhone 6 is definitely worth it. But if you already have an
iPhone 5 or 5s, I'm not sure the new features make much sense unless your phone
contract is expiring. Most iPhone 5 users will probably be fine with the new
version of Apple's iOS.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              411 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

Apple's new iPhone 6 goes on sale

LENGTH: 311  words


Local resident Andreas Gibson celebrates with employees outside the Fifth Avenue
Apple store after being the first to exit with an iPhone 6 in hand on the first
day of sales in Manhattan, New York September 19, 2014. Apple Inc's latest phone
lured throngs of gadget lovers, entrepreneurs and early adapters to its stores
in New York, San Francisco and other cities around the world in the latest sign
of strong initial demand for the new, larger generation of iPhones.
[Photo/Agencies]

A woman (L) walks past as customers wait in line to buy the newly released
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, on the first day of sales outside the Apple store at
Grand Central Terminal in New York September 19, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

An employee counts money while selling new iPhone 6 phones at the Fifth Avenue
Apple store on the first day of sales in Manhattan, New York September 19, 2014.
Apple Inc's latest phone lured throngs of gadget lovers, entrepreneurs and early
adapters to its stores in New York, San Francisco and other cities around the
world in the latest sign of strong initial demand for the new, larger generation
of iPhones. [Photo/Agencies]

A customer celebrates with employees as she enters the Fifth Avenue Apple store
on the first day of iPhone 6 sales in Manhattan, New York September 19, 2014.
Apple Inc's latest phone lured throngs of gadget lovers, entrepreneurs and early
adapters to its stores in New York, San Francisco and other cities around the
world in the latest sign of strong initial demand for the new, larger generation
of iPhones. [Photo/Agencies]

Michele Mattana of Sardinia, Italy, poses with an iPhone 6 Plus and an iPhone 6
on the first day of sales at the Fifth Avenue store in Manhattan, New York
September 19, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple unveils the Watch, larger iPhones at star-studded event

Apple iPhone 6 wins two regulatory approvals in China

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              412 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

Apple sells more than 10m new iPhones in 1st 3-day

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 445 words


Apple Inc said it sold more than 10 million iPhones in the first weekend after
its new models went on sale on Friday, underscoring strong demand for phones
with larger displays.

Chief Executive Tim Cook said the company could have sold even more iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus models if supplies had been available.

Analysts had estimated first-weekend sales of up to 10 million iPhones, after
Apple booked record pre-orders of 4 million on Sept 12, the day pre-orders
opened.

Apple's shares were little changed at $100.98 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq
on Monday.

The company's first-quarter revenue is likely to be 9 percent higher than Wall
Street estimates, based on reported sales and projected demand for the new
iPhones, Piper Jaffray & Co analyst Gene Munster wrote in a note.

Munster said he expected earnings per share to be 12 percent higher than
estimates.

"Despite the supply chain constraints around the iPhone 6 Plus and tightness
around certain models of the iPhone 6, we believe (Monday's) strong print
demonstrates that Apple executed extremely well in the face of severe supply
constraints," Cantor Fitzgerald analyst Brian White wrote in a note.

First-day pre-orders for the new phones, which went on sale in 10 countries, far
surpassed the 2 million recorded for the  model two years ago.

"While our team managed the manufacturing ramp better than ever before, we could
have sold many more iPhones with greater supply and we are working hard to fill
orders as quickly as possible," Cook said in a statement.

Apple sold 9 million iPhone 5S and 5C models last year in 11 countries,
including China, in the first weekend they were available.

Sales of the latest models in China, the world's largest smartphone market, have
been delayed by regulatory issues.

Lured by the prospect of profit from smuggling the new iPhones into China,
opportunists joined the scores of fans outside Apple stores to buy the devices.

Apple said last week that many US customers would have to wait until next month
for their new iPhones due to strong demand. The company routinely faces iPhone
supply constraints, particularly in years that involve a re-design.

The new iPhones will be available in 20 more countries on Sept 26, Apple said.

The company sold 5 million iPhone 5 hanets, 4 million iPhone 4S models and 1.7
million iPhone 4 units during the first weekend.

The shipment levels of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are positive, given that the
new models are not initially available in China, Stifel Nicolaus & Co analyst
Aaron Rakers wrote in a note.

Rakers noted that the latest models would be available in 115 countries by the
end of this year compared with 100 for iPhone 5S and 5C.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              413 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           November 5, 2014 Wednesday

Big-screen battle: Apple iPhone 6 Plus vs Samsung Galaxy Note 4

BYLINE: Ravi Sharma

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 2553 words


Smartphone battles won't get bigger than this. At least for now! Samsung's
successful premium phablet Galaxy Note's latest iteration Galaxy Note 4 this
time faces an all-new, mighty competitor in Apple's iPhone 6 Plus.

For three years, Samsung's Galaxy Note series virtually ruled the top-end
phablet segment. But with Apple (rather belatedly) entering the segment, Samsung
finally may have to worry about retaining its monopoly. In our detailed
comparison of the two giant screen phones, we pitted them against each other.
Here are the results...

Design

Apple and Samsung have taken contrasting approach to design with their
respective phablets. While iPhone 6 Plus is all about curves, Galaxy Note 4 is
characterized by sharper lines and edges. Neither phablet will, however, win the
award for best-designed device of the year.

Like the last two years' iPhones, iPhone 6 Plus is also made of aluminium and
glass which exudes a premium feel. However, there are more misses than hits with
its design.

iPhone 6 Plus's curved body makes it convenient to operate with one hand, but
also makes it susceptible to frequent drops. During the time we spent with the
Apple phablet, we found that despite the matte-finish back, it is rather
slippery and we had to be extra careful during one-hand usage. The curved glass
around the screen makes it quite easy to swipe the thumb from the left of the
screen to go one step back in apps.

The rear camera of iPhone 6 Plus protrudes a little so it does not rest flat.
This design choice, of course, is to keep iPhone 6 Plus as thin as possible, but
loses more than a few points for the Apple phablet.

Then there are the awkward plastic inserts on the back for the antenna, which is
more of a functionality decision than a design one. In our gold-coloured unit,
the white stripes looked like a mistake. On the other hand, the grey inserts in
the Space Grey version and white inserts in the Silver model look much better
and not as awkward.

Apple has also not made the bezels thin enough, which leads to iPhone 6 Plus
(5.5-inch screen) being much bigger in size than Galaxy Note 4 (5.7-inch). It
is, however, not as wide as the Samsung phablet, thus making one-hand operation
easier.

Samsung has used a mix of plastic and metal in Galaxy Note 4. The aluminium
frame on the sides has chamfered edges and sports a white paint job in our
white-coloured review unit. The back has a plastic covering featuring faux
leather texture, which gives pretty good grip. The back panel is curved
ever-so-slightly, to make it fit the curve of the palm a little better.

As we said, Samsung Galaxy Note 4 is shorter than iPhone 6 Plus. However, it is
wider than the Apple iPhone 6 Plus by a few millimetres, which makes a lot of
difference when the phablet is being operated via one hand. Indeed, we found
iPhone 6 Plus slightly easier to operate with one hand during our review period.

After placing the speaker at the bottom with last year's Note 4, Samsung has
again moved it to the back, which leads to muffled sound when it is kept face-up
on the bed or any similar surface.

Though Galaxy Note 4 looks good, we still can't say that Samsung has nailed the
design part. Plus, it is much thicker and slightly heavier than iPhone 6 Plus.

Despite its (few) flaws, Samsung Galaxy Note 4 is a better fit for those looking
at functionality as well as design compared to iPhone 6 Plus.

Display

iPhone 6 Plus sports a sweet 5.7-inch Full HD (1080x1920p) IPS display, but
Galaxy Note 4 tops that with a 5.7-inch QHD (1440x2560p) Super AMOLED screen.
While the Apple phablet has colder tones, the Samsung phablet shows rather
warmer and vibrant colours (that even seem a little oversaturated at times).

Both high-resolution displays are great, offering panels that never concede a
single pixel to the naked eye. As we have said before, a QHD display on a
smartphone screen is not necessary as the pixel density is high enough with Full
HD resolution, and the same holds true for Samsung Galaxy Note 4. We noticed the
effect of the QHD panel only in a few apps and games, where textures appear more
detailed, but such instances were few and far between.

Both Apple iPhone 6 Plus and Samsung Galaxy Note 4 are top-end phablets and
offer the best displays despite the widely varying colour tones. The viewing
angles are great, so looking at the display from the sides does not distort
colours at all. However, Galaxy Note 4's sunlight legibility is slightly less
than that of iPhone 6 Plus when compared side by side at full brightness.

With both Galaxy Note 4 and iPhone 6 Plus sporting excellent display, it is a
personal decision to go for the more vivid Samsung display or the relatively
colder Apple panel.

Phablet-optimized software

Samsung has a definite edge over Apple when it comes to phablet-optimized
features. With the Note series in its fourth edition, it is not a surprise that
the Samsung model is much ahead of the first Apple phablet in dishing out
software and features meant to do more with the big screen.

First there's the S Pen, a stylus that has become the trademark of the Note
series. You can write on the screen; select and save details on display to use
later; copy web pages, images etc with a few swipes and share with others via
email, among other features. If you write contact details (like email ID, phone
number, name etc) on the screen, the phone will save it in your address book (or
call/message the number, open the email app to send a mail). You can even take a
photo of a business card to save the details automatically.

Then there's the capability to open multiple apps simultaneously. This is
definitely one of the best features we have used on Android devices, and boosts
productivity significantly. You can, for example, search the web on one window
while writing an email on the other. Samsung's custom software also lets you
minimize an active app so that you can use it later.

There are several other features you can use on the Android 4.4 (KitKat)-powered
Galaxy Note 4 to make full use of the big screen, such as moving the keyboard to
one side of the screen to operate it more easily using one hand.

In comparison, iPhone 6 Plus's phablet-specific software feels very undercooked.
There are two features to make use of the big screen easier - landscape mode
view and Reachability. Frankly, we did not find ourselves using the landscape
view at all to make it easier to operate during the time we spent with the
device.

Reachability, on the other hand, is something we used quite frequently. What
this feature does is that it hides the bottom half of the screen so that you can
access the content at the top half with your thumb; you can active this mode by
lightly tapping the Home button twice in quick succession.

It is a decent feature, but every time you select an option on the screen in
Reachability mode, the display reverts to full screen view, and you need to
again double tap the Home button to bring the screen's content within reach. Of
course, it makes sense to go back to the full screen view to show its full
content, but can be irritating while operating some apps.

This round, quite obviously, goes to Samsung Galaxy Note 4 due to its full suite
of phablet-specific features.

Performance

Both Apple and Samsung have brought out their big guns with iPhone 6 Plus and
Galaxy Note 4, respectively.

Samsung Galaxy Note 4 runs on the 2.7GHz quad-core Snapdragon 805 processor with
3GB RAM, the best combination available for Android phones in the market right
now. In comparison, iPhone 6 Plus's 1.4GHz dual-core A8 processor and 1GB RAM
look like child's play. But numbers don't tell the real picture and Apple has
never relied on high-end specifications to give great performance.

The hardware-software amalgamation is better in iPhone 6 Plus than Galaxy Note
4. Performing any operation feels more natural and has a fluid feel on the Apple
phablet, a result of the closed Apple ecosystem. There is no denying the fact
that it is among the fastest devices in the market today, and gives a user
experience like none other.

That's not to say Samsung Galaxy Note 4 is a slouch. It is easily the fastest
Android device, and easily matches up to iPhone 6 Plus. In fact, switching
between apps and swiping across screen feels faster on the Samsung model; it's
just that apps launch faster on the Apple phablet.

Then there's the difference between the implementation of the software.

With iOS 8, you can and make phone calls and send messages using your Mac, and
use Twitter in Safari browser so that opening links is easier. Plus, opening the
Control Centre with an upward swipe from the bottom of the screen feels more
natural than the downward swipe you need to make from the top of the Note 4's
screen to access similar controls.

The TouchWiz UI of Samsung is easily the most-derided feature in the tech world.
Though it has improved since the company unveiled a flatter and less bloated
version of its proprietary skin with Galaxy S5 this year, it still feels a
little clunky. The software and hardware don't work as cohesively on Galaxy Note
4 as they do on iPhone 6 Plus, but we did not come across any lag during our
usage.

Playing graphics-intensive, resource-consuming games on both phablets delivered
a similar experience. All games were just as fast on either device, but Samsung
Galaxy Note 4 showed a few more details that iPhone 6 Plus masked due to more
available pixels.

Multimedia is a mixed bag on both devices, though iPhone 6 Plus's experience
seems a bit more balanced. Watching videos on the big screens of both phablets
is a treat. All popular file formats were supported by the two devices and
videos appeared crisp, with the main variation being the colour temperature that
we discussed above.

The real difference while playing media content is in terms of sound quality.
Though the audio output of both models is similar, the sound quality delivered
by Galaxy Note 4 at high volumes is relatively inferior.

Samsung Galaxy Note 4's connectivity suite is noticeably bigger than that of
iPhone 6 Plus. It lets users share files via NFC as well as Bluetooth, while
infrared can be used to control the TV like a remote. On the other hand, Apple
has limited its devices to only AirDrop and iTunes, a major limitation in
transferring files to devices to other platforms. The relative difficulty of its
Bluetooth throwing a fit hooking up to non-Apple devices too remains.

Both iPhone 6 Plus and Samsung Galaxy Note 4 have their own strengths and
weaknesses, and it is really up to the buyer to select a winner in this segment.

Camera

Both Apple and Samsung make great cameras, and this holds true for iPhone 6 Plus
and Galaxy Note 4 too. In fact, these phablets actually have the best cameras
that the two companies have made till date.

Samsung Galaxy Note 4 has a 16MP rear camera with LED flash, while iPhone 6 Plus
has an 8MP camera with dual-LED flash.

(Left: Apple iPhone 6 Plus; Right: Samsung Galaxy Note 4)

In daylight, the Samsung camera takes shots that appear a little too vibrant and
don't have accurate white balance. On the other hand, photos captured via iPhone
6 Plus's camera show colder but more accurate colours. White balance is
relatively better here too.

In terms of details, Samsung Galaxy Note 4 is ahead of iPhone 6 Plus. The photos
taken with Galaxy Note 4 are full of details and there is nearly no graininess
to speak of due to Samsung's noise suppressing technology. Even when you zoom
in, Galaxy Note 4's photos do not show any loss of details.

(Left: Apple iPhone 6 Plus; Right: Samsung Galaxy Note 4)

Similarly, iPhone 6 Plus's 8MP sensor does pretty well in capturing details, but
it's just not as good as Galaxy Note 4's in this aspect. Noise level is pretty
low here too.

Photos taken in the dark are better in iPhone 6 Plus as it keeps a balance in
the dark and bright tones while keeping the noise down. On the other hand,
objects under light appear a little too bright in photos taken using Galaxy Note
4's camera, while the other effects are similar to that of iPhone 6 Plus's.

Then there's the front (or as everyone calls it now... selfie) camera. Samsung's
3.7MP selfie camera can take photos in three modes - normal, panorama and
wide-angle. The photos taken using the selfie camera are pretty detailed, but
shots taken in the dark show a little noise. On the other hand, iPhone 6 Plus's
1.2MP front camera shows decent level of detail, but is better than Galaxy Note
4 in suppressing noise.

Overall, the iPhone 6 Plus camera is a tad better in terms of overall camera
performance than that of Samsung Galaxy Note 4's camera. The difference is not
too much, but it's still there.

Battery

Galaxy Note 4 sports a 3,220mAh battery versus iPhone 6 Plus's 2,915mAh
powerhouse. While the latter lasts a little over a day on full charge with
moderate to heavy usage, the former tops it by delivering battery life of a day
and a half once it is fully charged. The usage patterns includes making 30
minutes of calls (with the SIM on 3G network) and playing YouTube videos as well
as games each, couple of hours of web browsing and using Facebook and Twitter.
Two email accounts with push notifications were used on both devices and GPS was
active at all times.

While Apple does not have any special software to improve battery life, Samsung
has several ways to eke out extra juice. The best way is to activate the ultra
power-saving mode, which really helps the Galaxy Note 4 last over half a day on
5-10% battery by cutting off various radios and turning the device into a
feature phone.

Special features

Apart from S Pen, Samsung Galaxy Note 4 has a fingerprint scanner, heart rate
monitor, pedometer, UV and blood oxygen sensor etc. The health sensors are
pretty accurate and let you keep track of your activity levels and alert you
when the UV radiation around you is too high or your blood oxygen level is too
low or high. The fingerprint sensor can be used to lock the phone as well as
authorize PayPal payments.

On the other hand, iPhone 6 Plus has a fingerprint sensor and integrated health
sensors. The fingerprint sensor unlocks the phone and authenticates contactless
payments via Apple Pay (which is not yet available in India). The health sensors
track not only how many steps you have walked but can also distinguish how many
flights of stairs you have climbed or how much you have run.

Apple's Healthkit app tracks data from other apps to give you a full view of
your health and activity levels, which Samsung's S Health does not. In this
sense, iPhone 6 Plus is a better fit for health nuts.

Verdict

iPhone 6 Plus and Galaxy Note 4 are quite different yet very similar. Both have
big screens, fast processors, great battery life, excellent cameras, fingerprint
scanners and a bunch of health sensors. But the implementation of these features
is what sets them apart from each other, as well as other phablets in the
market.

In our view, the feature-rich Samsung Galaxy Note 4 is a device meant for those
who demand the ultimate productivity gadget. On the other hand, iPhone 6 Plus is
a device that is made for people who want a big-screen smartphone that works
beautifully but is devoid of bells and whistles. It would suit the Apple
aficionados more. Between the two, we would go with Samsung Galaxy Note 4.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              414 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                            October 9, 2014 Thursday
                                   WELL-BEING

Waterproof, shockproof iPhone 6 cases shake it up on Indiegogo

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 267 words


Just three days after launching a crowd-funding campaign, Lunatik has raised
more than $125,000, well above its original goal of $100,000, for two iPhone 6
cases well-suited to the outdoor adventurer: they feature an airtight
compression closure system that protect from water and dust.

They also offer impact protection that the company claims exceeds military
standards, referencing the MIL-STD-810G test used by the United States Military
to classify protective equipment.

When all ports are closed, the iPhone 6 will be submergible for up to an hour in
water that's two meters deep.

TAKTIK 360

This case is said to be indestructible and its screen features an extra
protective layer called the Corning Gorilla Glass, which does not compromise the
touch-screen system of the iPhone 6. It comes with a separate locking key and
audio extender for attaching headphones.

AQUATIK

Ultra form-fitting to the iPhone 6, this is Lunatik's slimmest iPhone protective
case yet, according to the company. That being said, they even found room to
attach a non-slip impact bumper and its photo lens allows for crisp, clear
pictures.

The company is also creating a version of each case for the iPhone 6 plus,
although they will not be part of the campaign in question. To be notified upon
release: www.lunatik.com/products/iphone-6-plus/taktik-360?variant=black

The TAKTIK 360 for iPhone 6 can be pre-ordered for $99, and the AQUATIK for
iPhone 6 for $79 with delivery expected in March 2015. Orders outside the US
cost $20 extra for shipping and handling.

www.indiegogo.com/projects/taktik-360-aquatik-for-iphone-6-by-lunatik

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2014 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              415 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                           September 15, 2014 Monday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Apple sees record demand for new iPhones

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 356 words


Apple on Monday said it had received record pre-orders for its new iPhone
models, and that some customers will have to wait for the larger-screen versions
of the smartphones.

The California tech giant said more than four million pre-orders were received
in the 24 hours after the new devices went on sale last Friday.

"Demand for the new iPhones exceeds the initial pre-order supply and while a
significant amount will be delivered to customers beginning on Friday and
throughout September, many iPhone pre-orders are scheduled to be delivered in
October," Apple said in a statement.

Apple last week unveiled the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, in a move aimed at
satisfying consumer preference for bigger smartphone displays.

The announcement means Apple may see shortages and long lines at its retail
stores when sales begin on Friday.

"Pre-orders for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus set a new record for Apple, and we
can't wait to get our best iPhones yet into the hands of customers starting this
Friday," Apple chief executive Tim Cook said in the statement.

Sales are set to open at 8 am local time in the US, Australia, Canada, France,
Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and Britain. Some 20 more
countries will get the iPhone September 26.

Some of the new iPhones will also be available from carriers and other
retailers.

Apple last Tuesday unveiled its first smartwatch and two large-screen versions
of the iPhone, in a move to recapture its role as a trend-setter.

Apple added in a new mobile wallet that will allow consumers to simply tap their
phones to pay retailers.

New iPhone 6 models boost screen sizes in what some see as the company catching
up to a "phablet" trend combining features of smartphones and tablets.

The frenzy at Apple's website on Friday indicated that in the eyes of myriad
iPhone lovers, bigger is indeed better.

Apple's main rival Samsung has long had a range of larger handsets and has tried
to market a smartwatch of its own.

The iPhone 6 will have a screen of 4.7 inches and the 6-Plus will be 5.5 inches,
allowing Apple to adapt to consumers' apparent preference for bigger displays.

bur-rl/jm

APPLE INC.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2014 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              416 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                             May 28, 2015 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Business user's guide to buying a smartphone

SECTION: BUSINESS;FEATURES; Pg. 6,7

LENGTH: 1740 words


So you want to buy a new smartphone for work? Beyond all the hype and marketing,
what really are the best phones to get? Which is best for battery life? Which
has the best screen? Which fits in best with your office life? And which one
might you actually enjoy using? Adrian Weckler looks at what matters and chooses
the best phones Best: Huawei Best Ascend Mate 7 battery Next best: life iPhone 6
Plus Also decent: Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Nothing ruins the experience of a
smartphone like poor battery life. You can have all the fancy features you want:
if your phone dies by mid-afternoon, you'll curse it.

In general, bigger phones have longer battery life. Because even though their
screens take more juice to power, the extra room they provide for bigger
batteries more than compensates. For example, the best battery life I've
experienced is with Huawei's six-inch Ascend Mate 7. (However, because of its
size, this is a niche device.) Apple's 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus also stands out,
beating its sibling iPhone 6 by some margin in my experience.

The big phone / big battery rule isn't universal: Google's six-inch Nexus 6 has
a battery that's 25pc smaller than Huawei's phablet. The result is battery life
that is merely decent.

Samsung's Galaxy Note 4 is the next best Android phone for battery life.
However, it arguably should do better than its 3,220mAH battery suggests. In my
experience, it drains quicker than rivals such as the iPhone 6 Plus, despite
having a bigger battery than Apple's device. This is probably down to the
gazillion things that the Note 4 has going on under the hood. It still lasts a
day, though.

If you want to measure battery life yourself, the metric to look for is the
battery's milliamp hours (mAh). In a five-inch phone, anything under 1,700mAh is
weak and will leave you stranded by teatime. Anything over 2,000mAh is decent
and should last you through the day.

best: iPhone Most 6 Plus officefriendly Next best: Microsoft Lumia 930 Also
decent: Samsung S6 It is a truth universally acknowledged that Irish companies'
IT support departments have now largely switched over to iPhones as their device
of choice.

That means that if you're using a phone supplied by work and set up to work with
the company's specialist software, it's probably going to have to be an iPhone.
If you can get one, go for the superb iPhone 6 Plus (but not the entrylevel 16GB
version as this doesn't have enough storage to keep everyday stuff on it).

The emerging iPhone hegemony suits middle-aged executives (and IT support
staff), who are still getting over the demise of BlackBerry, just fine. But it
means that there is little room for Android handsets, except for those companies
who have more liberal 'bring your own device' policies.

There is one exception to Apple's workplace domination: Windows Phones. Among
large corporates and several governmental and semistate companies, Microsoft
(formerly Nokia) Lumia devices have been mandated as the smartphone of choice.
Microsoft phones can be 'managed' centrally and volume deals are at play here,
so it's a way for companies to save money. Here, the five-inch Lumia 930 is
probably your best bet.

And BlackBerry? The former king of boardroom phones has literally disappeared
from our www.workplaces.No Irish operator continues to offer BlackBerry as a
mainstream option.

Best: Storage iPhone 6, leader iPhone 6 Plus Next best: Samsung S6 Storage
within a phone is still very important to a business phone. Even in an age of
cloud storage, of Google Docs and Microsoft Office Online, a phone's own storage
is quicker and more convenient for a whole host of functions.

And it's crucial to have for system upgrades, app extensions and other
day-to-day requirements.

16GB was once enough for the ordinary user but it's not anymore: 32GB or more is
what you should be aiming for. Many new high-end phones (Samsung S6 and Note 4,
HTC One M9) give this as standard. Some (Sony's Xperia Z3, which opts for 16GB
as standard) do not.

It's a mixed bag with the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. On one hand, the iPhone 6 and 6
Plus are the only devices that give you a 128GB option which, even at an extra
(cheeky) (EURO)100, is great flexibility for someone who truly uses the phone as
a laptop replacement (which is possible on a big screen phone). On the other
hand, its entry-level configuration is 16GB which is simply not enough and could
leave you in a bind when you go to upgrade the operating system.

Incidentally, while a memory card slot is useful for storing things like photos,
it is not effective for other forms of storage, such as apps or system storage.

best: Samsung Screen Galaxy quality Note 4 Next best: iPhone 6 Plus Also decent:
HTC One M9, Sony Xperia Z3 Remember when you scoffed at five-inch screens on
phones as being 'too big'? By now, most business folk have come to realise that
large-screen devices ('phablets') simply make more effective business tools.

It's not just that they make emails or office software easier to browse and
operate, or that they give you much better battery lives. It's the extra
flexibility. For example, bigger models (iPhone 6 Plus, Galaxy Note 4, Nexus 6)
can now sometimes be used as substitute laptops with a wireless Bluetooth
keyboard. Most new phones now have excellent, bright, vibrant screens that are
easy to view even in bright outdoors conditions. But overall, it's hard to beat
the screen of Samsung's Galaxy Note 4. It is the only large-screen 'phablet'
with very high resolution: 515 pixels-per-inch. It's super sharp and the
difference is apparent. The iPhone 6 Plus, while not as sharp, is also
excellent.

Best: Nicest iPHONE 6 design/ Next best: style SAMSUNG S6, below Also decent:
HTC One M9, Sony Xperia Z3 Leaving aside engines, features and ecosystems, the
look and feel of a phone has a big impact on whether we take to it. Samsung, for
example, has ditched the plastic on its latest flagship S6 and S6 Edge models
and it's already paying off: the S6 is now one of the nicestlooking phones on
the market. HTC also has fine pedigree in design, although its One M9 is almost
identical in look and feel to its last two versions. And Sony is also worth a
mention. Its 5.2-inch Xperia Z3 handset looks and feels great.

Here, the big phablets generally come second best. Although devices such as
Apple's iPhone 6 Plus are sleek, there's no getting around the slight
awkwardness of holding them. I'm phablets' biggest fan and I admit I struggle to
use them onehanded.

Finally, there are some great-looking devices that you might miss. Microsoft's
Lumia smartphones, which don't get much of a look in for most people because of
an app-shy Windows Phone ecosystem, are generally superbly crafted, a legacy of
their Nokia heritage.

Best: Camera Panasonic choice CM1 Next best: Sony Xperia Z3 Also decent: Samsung
Galaxy Note 4, Microsoft Lumia 930 Is a camera relevant when considering a phone
for strictly business reasons? For most people, perhaps not. Even entrylevel
phones now have reasonable 8-megapixel cameras on them.

For those who need to feed back images for official purposes, however, there is
still a noticeable difference between a chirpy (EURO)200 handset and a (EURO)700
powerhouse. There are lots and lots of good cameras on phones, now.

Both iPhone 6 models have excellent lenses that, although not quite at the top
of their categories, produce great snaps (the larger iPhone 6 also lets you film
in slow motion, which is an addictive gimmick).

It's very tight at the top, but I still rate Sony's 20-megapixel Xperia Z3 as
the best overall camera lens in the mass-market smartphone market.

It has basically taken the sensor from its standard compact cameras and stuffed
it into the body of the slim handset. The results are really great.

I say Sony is the best in the 'mass market', because Panasonic has recently
released a high-end Android phone with an astonishing one-inch sensor in it.
This easily beats all others, but you'll have to hunt hard to find one (none of
the operators here sell it with the usual models).

Samsung's high-end phones generally have excellent cameras, as do Microsoft's
(Nokia's).

Best: Price to Huawei value ASCEND G7 ratio Next best: iPhone 5C Also decent:
Microsoft Lumia 535 So what's the best value business phone? If you were to go
merely by features and specifications, you could easily shell out (EURO)800 or
more for the device. (Apple's iPhone 6 Plus 128GB model costs (EURO)1,000 if
bought as a standalone handset.) Taking everything into consideration, it's very
hard to beat Huawei's new Ascend G7. It's a really good 5.5-inch Android phone
with a great screen, plenty of power and a decent battery. And it costs
(EURO)280. That's a third of the price of a similarly-sized iPhone 6 Plus.

Even this, though, pales compared to the bargain that is Microsoft's Lumia 535.
At (EURO)100 for a completely usable 5-inch office-friendly smartphone, there's
not much to touch it if you're on a serious budget. As for the iPhone, there are
no thing as a cut-price Apple device.

But the iPhone 5C comes closest, at (EURO)400. For this you'll get a phone that
skimps on storage memory (it has just 8GB) but which works as a perfectly good
iPhone, albeit one with a smallish four-inch screen.

Overall verdict Best business phone: iPhone 6 Plus (from (EURO)799 sim-free,
from free on 24-month contract with operators) Taking all factors into account,
it's hard to look past the iPhone as the best current business smartphone.
Before Apple increased the screen size of its handsets, Samsung had the edge.
Its 5.7-inch Galaxy Note 4, in particular, was a more practical business device
than the small 4-inch iPhone 5 models. But all is changed now thanks to the new
4.7-inch and 5.5-inch displays of the latest iPhones.

It's not just the screens, either: iPhones have become the goto devices for most
enterprise software development, so that you have a better chance of staying
near the front with one. And Apple's iOS ecosystem still has a lead when it
comes to work-based apps. For these reasons, and Apple's perceived user-friendly
status (which isn't as pronounced as it once was over Android), your office and
your IT support department will probably support these devices better over
others.

And it is the larger iPhone 6 Plus that takes the ultimate crown. Its battery
life is around 15pc better than the standard iPhone 6 and it can be used more
effectively for email and other productivity purposes.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              417 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                             April 15, 2013, Monday

6 fresh Apple iPhone 6, iOS 7 concept designs;
Touch anywhere, curved format among ideas from would-be Apple smartphone
designers

BYLINE: Bob Brown

LENGTH: 386 words


Patent filings by Apple itself showing the concept of a wrap-around screen
consuming the entire iPhone have fueled somedesign concepts. One comes from
Nickolay Lamm and Matteo Gianni, who put forth this curved-exterior iPhone 6
concept that some have speculated would be less susceptible to cracks if real.

[IPHONEYS: The iOS 7 edition] Another design from Lamm, on behalf of
MyVoucherCodes, envisions a plastic, possibly translucent, budget iPhone. Rumors
have persisted that Apple will roll out cheaper iPhones, particularly to appeal
to people in poorer countries, though Apple executives such as Senior Vice
President of Marketing Phil Schiller have pooh-poohed such talk.  One theme
running through the new concept designs is ever more streamlined touchscreen
capabilities.

Federico Bianco envisions -- in a nearly 4-minute video -- what iOS 7 could mean
for the iPhone 5S, iPhone 6 and iPad 5, including the ability to tap into apps
and controls (such as quick replies and airplane mode) from the lock screen.
Bianco shows a way to double tap on widgets, such as the music player, to
provide quicker access to them. He also displays a way to reset widget controls,
such as volume, in a more streamlined manner.

[IPHONEYS: The iPhone 6 and iPhone 5S edition] Separately, this Arthur Reis
concept design includes a "touch anywhere" home button on the iPhone 6 that
works across the bottom of this thinner-than-current Apple smartphone. Reis also
works in a 12mp iSight camera.

While designers foresee more sensitive touch capabilities, Yanko Design
emphasizes sturdiness in its latest concept design, noting: "One of the reasons
why many people buy a fender for their iPhone is that the back surface tends to
scratch pretty easily, especially in the iPhone 5. Designer Matt Hughson
envisions the iPhone 6 to come designed with an integrated aluminum outer frame,
which creates a protective lip for the front & back of the phone. This provides
improved protection for your screen & camera."

Finally, this mysterious iPhone X, from Bob Freking, boasts a 1.8GHz quad-core
AX CPU, 4GB of RAM and 16mp iSight camera.

Freking goes with a 4.8-inch screen, wireless charging and NFC support. And
whoa! A $1,200 price tag!

Bob Brown tracks network research in his Alpha Doggs blog and Facebook page, as
well on Twitter and Google +.



LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              418 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday

Cell carriers in iPhone 6 frenzy;
Verizon, AT&T, Sprint offer trade-in discounts for renewals

BYLINE: RICHARD MULLINS; Tribune staff

SECTION: METRO; Business; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 305 words



HIGHLIGHT: Verizon sent the Apple fanbase into orgasmic spasms this week with
essentially a free iPhone6 offer. AT&T and Sprint followed suit rather promptly.
Here's how it works.


Verizon Wireless sent the Apple iPhone fanbase into a frenzy this week by
uttering a simple phrase: Free iPhone 6.

The phone isn't technically free, but with discounts and credits, the price can
essentially come down to zero. Archrival cellphone service providers AT&T and
Sprint quickly followed up with similar deals this week on Apple's newest
smartphone.

Caveats and details abound, but here's how the deals work:

[diams] Verizon: Customers can trade in a good working condition iPhone 4, 4s, 5
or 5c for a $200 gift card, or trade in an iPhone 5s for a $300 gift card, if
they sign a new two-year contract. Those gift cards can be used to buy anything
at Verizon, including the new iPhone 6. Depending on the model traded in, the
new phone could be free. A new iPhone 6 can run $199 to $499 depending on the
size and model. Customers must bring their iPhone to a Verizon Wireless store,
or they can complete an online request by Sept. 30 and mail in their old iPhones
to the company.

[diams] AT&T: Customers can trade in eligible iPhones in good and working
condition and purchase a new iPhone with a two-year agreement. AT&T is less
specific in advertisements about how much old phones are worth, but the company
says customers can get up to $300 in trade-in value.

[diams] Sprint: Customers can get a free 16GB iPhone 6 after they trade-in any
used iPhone model at Sprint stores in good working condition, and sign-up for a
two-year agreement. Trade-in credit can be used to buy the larger memory
versions of the iPhone 6 as well.

Cellular firms launch such deals occasionally, and particularly around the time
of highly anticipated new phone launches, because that's the time when customers
who are eligible for upgrades are considering switching carriers and are most
likely to do so.

rmullins@tampatrib.com

(813) 259-7919

Twitter: @DailyDeadline

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              419 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                            October 9, 2012, Tuesday

Envisioning the iPhone 6;
With iPhone 5 on the market, design concepts, wish lists emerge for Apple iPhone
6

BYLINE: Bob Brown

LENGTH: 306 words


Apple's got another bona fide hit on its hands with the iPhone 5, but that
hasn't stopped smartphone watchers from dreamingabout the iPhone 6.

LOOK BACK: The ugly, scary year in Apple iPhone and iPad thefts IPHONE 5: The
Complete Guide One French design firm, dubbed Nak, has conjured up an iPhone 6
design concept, with the most visibly different feature being a home button on
the side rather than on the screen (shown here). The idea, no doubt, would be to
free up even more space on the screen, which Apple expanded in the iPhone 5 to 4
inches from 3.5 inches in earlier models.

Smartphone blogs have begun surveying their subscribers about what they'd like
to see in the next iPhone. TechRadar.phones reports that readers would like to
see near-field communications support to enable more electronic payment
applications and a serious overhaul of iOS now that other smartphone OSs are
gaining steam. Some would like to see more cores in Apple's iPhone CPU,
currently the dual-core A6. As for the NFC support, reports have surfaced about
Apple working with an Australian company to add fingerprint recognition
technology to a future iPhone in order to bolster security and support NFC
transactions.

Others are hoping price pressure from other phone makers might result in less
expensive iPhones, or even upgradeable storage, going forward, but no one seems
to be holding their breath waiting for either of those developments. Still, the
fact that Apple appears to be readying an iPad Mini tablet does give hope to
those wishing Apple would address the budget-sensitive customer category.

At the iEverythingCafe forum on iPhone 6 wish lists, waterproof models, NFS
support and improved battery life are among the desires.

And if Apple gets really hard up for ideas for iPhone 6, it could always go up
against Starbucks, as this video suggests:



LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2012 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              420 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       August 4, 2015 Tuesday 8:25 AM GMT

Apple iPhone 6S could be THICKER than the iPhone 6 to avoid repeat of
'bendgate';
Leaked renders of the new smartphone appear to show a thicker frame than the
current iPhone model

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 229 words


The iPhone 6 was received enthusiastically when it launched in September last
year - until someone figured out it bent under pressure.

Now Apple is gearing up to reveal either the iPhone 6S or iPhone 7 later this
year and it doesn't want a repeat of the controversy.

According to the latest images of the upcoming smartphone, the world's most
valuable company is making the frame thicker to avoid the perils of a bending
gadget.

The images in question are 'CAD design renders' and are sent to third-party case
manufacturers ahead of a phone's release so they can prepare cases and
accessories for it.

They were published by uSwitch and, if accurate, would mean for the first time
Apple has built a phone that's thicker than its predecessor.

The prevailing wisdom in smartphone design is that each iteration should be
slimmer and lighter than the previous model. At 6.9mm thick, the iPhone 6 is
Apple's thinnest smartphone to date.

"While the iPhone 6 came in at 6.9mm thick, the iPhone 6S is 7.1mm, according to
our source," reports uSwitch.

"Intriguingly, it also appears that the protruding camera that featured on the
iPhone 6 could be missing from the iPhone 6S but will reappear on the iPhone 6S
Plus."

There's no current release date for the iPhone 6S but many experts believe it
will be revealed sometime next month.

Should Apple make the next iPhone thicker to avoid bending?

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              421 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 4, 2015 Tuesday 8:57 AM GMT

Apple iPhone 6S could be THICKER than the iPhone 6 to avoid repeat of
'bendgate';
Leaked renders of the new smartphone appear to show a thicker frame than the
current iPhone model

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 229 words


The iPhone 6 was received enthusiastically when it launched in September last
year - until someone figured out it bent under pressure.

Now Apple is gearing up to reveal either the iPhone 6S or iPhone 7 later this
year and it doesn't want a repeat of the controversy.

According to the latest images of the upcoming smartphone, the world's most
valuable company is making the frame thicker to avoid the perils of a bending
gadget.

The images in question are 'CAD design renders' and are sent to third-party case
manufacturers ahead of a phone's release so they can prepare cases and
accessories for it.

They were published by uSwitch and, if accurate, would mean for the first time
Apple has built a phone that's thicker than its predecessor.

The prevailing wisdom in smartphone design is that each iteration should be
slimmer and lighter than the previous model. At 6.9mm thick, the iPhone 6 is
Apple's thinnest smartphone to date.

"While the iPhone 6 came in at 6.9mm thick, the iPhone 6S is 7.1mm, according to
our source," reports uSwitch.

"Intriguingly, it also appears that the protruding camera that featured on the
iPhone 6 could be missing from the iPhone 6S but will reappear on the iPhone 6S
Plus."

There's no current release date for the iPhone 6S but many experts believe it
will be revealed sometime next month.

Should Apple make the next iPhone thicker to avoid bending?

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              422 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            October 31, 2014 Friday

New iPhones met with long lines '

LENGTH: 491 words


Won Kyung-hoon, a 41-year-old resident in Seoul, and other customers wait in
line at a sales outlet of LG Uplus in Seocho, Seoul, to receive the iPhone 6,
Friday. Won waited outside the store for more than two days to become the first
receiver of the iPhone 6. / Korea Times photo by Shim Hyun-chulBy Bahk Eun-ji

Hundreds of people waited in long lines to get their hands on the latest iPhone
models at some major outlets of mobile carriers and retail stores early Friday
when Apple started to release the phones in Korea.

Won Kyung-hoon, 41, waited for more than two days in front of a sales outlet of
LG Uplus in Seocho, southern Seoul, to become the first customer to receive an
iPhone 6 from the mobile carrier.

I have nothing to say except that I m happy, he told reporters after receiving
the phone.

The Apple s store, Frisbee in Myeongdong, central Seoul, had a long iPhone line,
with hundreds of customers braving light rain and cold weather to buy an
unlocked iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus.

The three mobile carriers, SK Telecom, KT and LG Uplus also competed to attract
customers, holding events and offering differentiated services and diverse phone
plans.

SK Telecom offers the 16G iPhone 6 for 789,800 won and the iPhone 6 Plus for
924,000 won.

KT offers a 250,000 won reduction as an incentive for users choosing a 129,000
won bill plan.

While LG Uplus provides a 246,050 won discount for those who choose a 120,000
won plan.

Lee Seung-lin, a civil servant in Seoul, said he joined the iPhone line at 6
a.m. and waited for more than five hours. He said he wanted to buy the unlocked
iPhone 6 Plus because he doesn t want to get a contract with the nation s major
mobile carriers.

I ll go with CJ Hellovision s bill plan because it s cheaper, and no requirement
of a two-year contract, Lee said.

CJ Hellovision is one of the mobile virtual network operators (MVNOs) in Korea,
offering cheaper bill plans for budget handsets.

Another customer who bought an iPhone 6 at Frisbee, surnamed Kim living in
Seoul, said he also decided to go with CJ Hellovision s bill plan.

I really hate to sign two-year contracts with major telecommunications
companies. Although I paid 980,000 won for this device today, I think this way
is a lot cheaper, Kim said.

Kim got to the store and joined the line at 7 a.m.

Jung Ji-hee, a 23-year-old college student living in Seoul, visited the LG Uplus
store in Myeong-dong to receive the iPhone 6 she preordered a week ago.

Jung said she does not trust the service provided by MVNOS yet, because they
have little experience compared to major mobile carriers.

I chose LG Uplus because the price is the cheapest at 789,800 won. I liked it,
Jung said.

Kim Hyun-woo, a 27-year-old office worker, said he will choose KT for his iPhone
6.

I don t want to get bothered about bill plans and basically I don t see a big
difference among the telecom company s bill plans and incentives, Kim said. Kim
has used the iPhone 5 with KT s bill plan.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              423 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday

Does India Need a New I Phone?

LENGTH: 880 words

DATELINE: BANGALORE


BANGALORE, Sept. 16 -- In a parody of the real iPhone 6 trailer, Bangalore-based
stand-up comedian, Kenneth Sebastian, posing as a representative from the design
wing of the company, gives us a funny picture of what the new iPhone will mean
to us. Hilarious as this video may be, it does leave one thinking. Does India
need a brand new iPhone?A week ago, when the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were
unveiled, Tim Cook mentioned that it was the biggest announcement in the history
of iPhone. Yes, Apple has indeed come a long way since the launch of the first
iPhone back in 2007, both in terms of the technology powering the phones and the
screen sizes. And in yet another giant leap for the brand, it also announced the
iWatch, the first smartwatch from the brand.

But the reactions that the products have evinced are not what the Cupertino
giant would be entirely pleased about. For one, many users on Twitter likened
the big-screen phone, iPhone 6 Plus, to phones from the company's bitter rival
Samsung, owing to its 5.5 inch design. The humongous screen size is what has
come under flak partly because of the striking aberration to what Steve Jobs
said, "No one is going to buy a big phone." The iWatch also faces some serious
competition from the likes of Pebble and Moto 360 and the tech crowd has not
minced words about their preferences, despite the fact that the iWatch allows
you to send a heartbeat to another person.

Then, most importantly, speculations are rife about the flagships' prices. The
company recently slashed the price of the 16 GB iPhone 5s to '44,500. So, it is
presumed the new phones will not be priced less than '50,000. A blogger, Tanmay
S, recently pointed out, "If Apple has slashed prices of the 5s to start from '
44,500 in India, you can very well expect the MRP of the 6 to be '53,500 and 6+
at '60,000."

Is it worth the price? Given the sardonic remarks and spoofs that the phones
have drawn, has Apple skimped on the features? Far from it, says the tech
community. The 4.7 inch iPhone 6 has significant improvements - it has a
DSLR-style camera that allows face detection; it is powered by the Apple A8 chip
which promises to be 25 per cent faster; and the battery life is touted to
support 14 hours of talk time and it has added support for calls over LTE and
WiFi. On the other hand, the much larger 6 Plus boasts of a 1,080p Retina HD
display and ultrathin backlight, and is sleeker than the iPhone 5S. It also has
the same 64-bit Apple A8 chip powering the iPhone 6 and offers 24 hours of talk
time.

Ahead of the launch of the phones in India on September 26, the response from
Apple consumers is polarised. Some who swear by the Apple brand name have second
thoughts about purchasing the phone. Anisha, who works at an MNC, was one of the
people to visit the Apple store in UB City when the iPhone 5s became available.
She recalls, "I have always had the iPhone and I was dying to get my hands on
the gold 5s. In fact, I waited for over a month till the gold phone was back in
stock. But this time I would prefer to wait for a few months before I buy the
new iPhone. The looks don't appeal to me." On the other hand, there is Ayush
Roy, a content writer, who has his eyes set on the iPhone 6 or 6 Plus. Why? He
responds, "I have owned an iPhone 4 for the past four years. Compared to all
other phones I see around me, I like this one. And I am very comfortable with
the brand."

Competition brands have been quick on the uptake. In a recently released ad
featuring the Note 4, Then and Now, Samsung takes a dig at Apple, indicating
that it was the Korean giant who has the first mover advantage in the phablet
category. The phone has also attracted its fair share of criticism from the
Android community, even as some arguments have been rubbished by the Apple fans
as baseless. One infographic that was posted on Twitter went on to show
comparisons between the features of new iPhone 6 and the Nexus 4, which was
launched two years ago, quipping, "If you need help with your iPhone's new
features, just ask an Android user. We've had this stuff for years."

But like always, Apple has managed to create tremendous buzz on social media and
elsewhere. And whether the new form factor will work in the company's favour,
whether we will see people make a beeline to Apple stores, whether the iWatch
will manage to set itself apart from the rest, only time will tell.

Funny Tweets from around the world

@TheGa3faar - "It's the official "let's all hate our cell phones and keep
regretting getting them, and start saving for the new iPhone" time of the year."

@TimBlotzFOX9 - "After years of avoidance, resistance was futile. Just ordered
#iphone6plus. Figure I can also use it as an emergency canoe paddle."

@MusicSoundArts - "Was gonna get an #iphone6plus but thought it's not big enough
or powerful enough to satisfy me. I need a phone that is also a hoverboard!"

@Chris_Kendall_ - "I better not wear the iWatch on my left hand or the NSA will
think I have a heart attack three times a day."

@DanishAzarul - Iphone 6? More like Iphone Sick of charging again..

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              424 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               MediAvataarME.com

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday

MasterCard Works with Apple to Integrate Apple Pay

BYLINE: shnehasish@yahoo.co.in (MediavataarMe News Desk)

LENGTH: 458  words


Cardholders to Enjoy an Easy, Secure and Private Mobile Payment Experience

Paying with mobile devices is about to become even more Priceless[TM]. Today,
Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) unveiled Apple Pay that will enable MasterCard cardholders
to use their iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple Watch for everyday purchases.
MasterCard built the foundation for secure mobile transactions, so consumers can
use their cards when, where and how they want.

MasterCard worked with Apple to deliver a seamless and secure payment
experience. For consumers and merchants alike, that means that every purchase
made with a MasterCard using iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple Watch will offer
the security, benefits and guarantees of any MasterCard transaction.

Apple Pay transforms mobile payments with an easy, secure, and private way to
make purchases. By integrating Apple hardware, software and services, Apple Pay
creates a unique and incredibly intuitive experience for iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
and Apple Watch users. Owners of the new iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple Watch
will be able to use their MasterCard credit or debit cards from participating
banks directly through Apple Pay.

At a store, consumers can simply pay by just holding their iPhone near a
contactless reader with their finger on Touch ID and their transaction will be
authenticated. For purchases within an app, consumers will simply touch to pay
and authenticate with their fingerprint or passcode for a seamless experience
without having to enter their card number or leave the app.

"Apple has a long tradition of introducing breakthrough products with features
that really matter to people. Apple Pay, combined with MasterCard's payments
technology, gives consumers an easy, secure and private way to shop," said Ed
McLaughlin, chief emerging payments officer, MasterCard. "We have been a pioneer
of mobile commerce innovation for years - including the world's first
contactless and mobile payment solutions. We're thrilled that MasterCard
cardholders will soon be able to make payments from their iPhone 6, iPhone 6
Plus and Apple Watch, knowing that every purchase is secure and offers all the
same guarantees and benefits they've come to expect from using their
MasterCard."

Apple Pay will be made available for U.S. consumers via a free update to iOS 8
this October. MasterCard cardholders will be able to make simple and secure
payments in the apps of top merchants, as well as contactless payments at some
of the most frequented U.S. locations including major stores, restaurants,
transit providers, fuel and convenience stores, and all Apple Store locations.
One of the first to accept Apple Pay via iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple Watch
will be MasterCard's long-time partner Major League Baseball.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1381


                       Copyright 2014 World of Media JLT
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              425 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Anadolu Agency (AA)

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

Apple unveils new phones and technology

LENGTH: 360 words


At the iPhone keynote, Apple unveiled two new iPhones, a new mobile payment
system and the company's foray into wearable technology.

By Barry Eitel

CUPERTINO, California

All eyes were on Apple Tuesday as the company gave its iPhone keynote - a
presentation that has become an annual event in Silicon Valley since the late
Steve Jobs introduced the original iPhone in 2007.

Current CEO Tim Cook took the stage in Cupertino, California, Apple's
headquarters, to introduce the new iPhones - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and the
5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus. The new smartphones' screens are massive compared to the
4-inch iPhone 5S released last fall (screen sizes are measured diagonally). The
6 Plus is clearly in the "phablet," portmanteau of "phone" and "tablet,"
category that Apple competitor Samsung has ruled for years.

As far as design is concerned, Apple is rounding out its iPhone. The glass front
curves seamlessly into the anodized aluminum enclosure, leaving no distinct
edges. Apple claims that the strong glass screen was created using a "precision
polishing process."

The iPhone 6 Plus contains an eye-popping 2 megapixel display, which is 185
percent more pixels than the 5S. The regular iPhone 6 has a 1 megapixel display,
still very impressive for a smartphone.

Inside, the phones have an A8 processor that runs 25 percent faster than the
previous model - which is 50 times faster than the original iPhone.

Apple also revealed Apple Pay - a mobile payment system that has been rumored
over the past few weeks. The company is partnering with Visa, MasterCard and
Discover for the project, which allows iPhone 6 users to pay for purchases by
simply swiping their smartphone over a reader. Apple says more than 200,000
retailers are adopting the system.

In his first "one more thing" moment, a tantalizing tactic often employed by
Jobs to introduce groundbreaking new tech, Cook showcased Apple Watch, the
company's exciting new foray into wearable tech. Apple's smartwatch collection
features a dedicated interface and a focus on fitness and health.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will be available Sept.19 while Apple Watch will go on
sale early next year.

www.aa.com .tr/en

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 400


                          Copyright 2014 Andolu Ajansi
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              426 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                        May 31, 2015 Sunday 6:30 AM EST

10 New Features In Next Generation iPhone

LENGTH: 400  words


Here are 10 rumoured features of next-gen iPhone!

Friday, May 29, 2015: Even though the next iPhone is more than 4 months away,
still there are lot of rumours about it. Many bloggers, social media enthusiast
are posting about next generation iPhone. Today we have listed top 10 things
that you can expect to see in Apple's next generation flagship device.

1. Rose Gold Edition

Apple might ship new iPhone in new colors. Currently iPhone comes in Gold,
Silver and Space Grey colors. It is expected that new iPhone will come in
variants similar to Apple Watch.

2. Camera

We can finally expect to see a megapixel upgrade to iPhone's camera. Apple is
still using 8MP sensor in camera. The new iPhone is likely to sport 12 MP
sensor.

3. Microphone

A Japanese company has predicted that Apple will add all new microphone to
iPhone for better voice clarity. The latest versions of iPhones come with three
microphones for enhanced noise cancellation.

4. New Processor

Latest iPhone 6/6 plus sport A8 chip. The new iPhone will sport A9 processor
along with a 2GB RAM. This RAM upgrade will certainly make the phone much more
powerful.

5. New Material and Design

Apple will supposedly make important mechanical changes to new iPhone in order
to give extra strength to the body. Apple has made this decision after receiving
lot of media criticism for faulty design of iPhone 6 and 6 plus.

6. Sapphire Display

The new iPhone is expected to sport 13.97-cm (5.5-inch) sapphire glass display.
This will give new level of strength to the display of iPhone.

7. Gesture Control

iOS 7 and 8 already feature gesture control to limited extent. The new iOS
version will include more gesture based functionality.

8. Force Touch

Force touch technology is an intelligent algorithm that detects the difference
between a light tap and harder press. The new iPhone will be integrated with
this technology. It is already present in Apple watch and all new Macbook. This
will open doors to new features and options in iOS.

9. Touch ID

Touch ID is already present in latest variants of iPhone. The new iPhone will be
equipped with improved Touch ID to promote Apple Pay. Apple has high goal of
promoting it's mobile payment solution.

10. No Small Screen

Apple has made decisions of not producing any compact variant of iPhone anymore.
Apple will continue to develop 11.93-cm (4.7-inch) and 13.97-cm (5.5-inch)
screen size phones with same screen resolution.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2015 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              427 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

iPhone apple of their eyes

BYLINE: Shafaat Shahbandari Staff Reporter

LENGTH: 427 words


Dubai: For die-hard iPhone fans price doesn't seem to be an issue. They are
willing to pay any amount just to lay their hands on the new gadgets from Apple
Inc.

Apple announced the launch of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus on September 9 and the
new phones were released in the US and other major markets on September 19.

In the UAE, the new iPhones will be officially launched on September 27, but
die-hard iPhone fans have already got their units through the grey market at
exorbitant prices.

"I bought the iPhone 6Plus 16GB on September 20 for Dh7,000 and then I sold it
to a friend. The next day I purchased iPhone 6 for Dh5,500. I wait for the
launch of new iPhones every year and I love to grab it first thing," said
Mohammad Ghulamhazad, an Afghan businessman.

Ghulamhazad is one of thousands in Dubai who have already got their most coveted
object within the first few days of its launch.

Among the earliest buyers is Mohammad Tayyeb, who purchased iPhone 6 on
September 20 and can't take his eyes off it.

"I can't explain the feeling of having it first among friends. It's a matter of
prestige and pride. I just love the feeling and the phone is really amazing,"
said Tayyeb, who paid Dh5,000.

The prices have come down from the first two days and are expected to go down
further by the weekend.

"I always wanted Apple to build a big screen iPhone and now that they have
launched it, I couldn't wait to have it. I love the feel and speed of iPhone
6Plus and I can't stop admiring it. I know the prices are going down but I
couldn't wait any more," said Sher Nai, a Chinese tourist, who bought iPhone 6
Plus 16GB for Dh6,000 on Monday.

All variants of the new iPhones are readily available in the electronics market
in Deira but the prices vary depending on the memory size of the phones as well
as the warranty.

"The demand for the new iPhones, mostly the iPhone6, has been unprecedented. We
sell around 80 to 100 units per day in retail and many more in wholesale as
well. Most of our customers are tourists from Russia, Africa, China and Eastern
Europe," Khaleel Khudadost, a sales executive at Royal Cell Phones near Baniyas
Square, said.

Interestingly, the response to 6 Plus with a screen size of 5 inches, which was
eagerly awaited, hasn't been great.

"There is not much demand for iPhone 6 Plus, I guess it is because the size is
new for iPhones and people are still not confident. Also, the price is a bit
high. Probably when the price goes down there could be a better response," said
a salesman at Ali Dahery Electronics who has sold more than 1,000 phones
already.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2014 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              428 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                            November 10, 2014 Monday

iPhone 6 frenzy

BYLINE: Edwin Kee

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 636 words


iPhone fans came in droves to Blue Cube at Sunway Pyramid to get their hands on
the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, writes Edwin Kee.

FANTASY is wishful thinking for those wanting to escape from the drudgery called
life. But not for six Celcom users who managed to get the latest iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus smartphones at just RM6.

Max Liew Zi Yi, Sofrizanlee Hardwick, Najmi Mohd Fauzi, Mohd Azlan Adnan, Faizal
Abdullah and Ng Wei Seng picked up the phones during the event launch held at
Celcom's Blue Cube at Sunway Iconic in Sunway Pyramid at the stroke of midnight
last Thursday.

In hindsight, I am sure that one particular scenario will be playing through
their minds over and over again: "If only I had known that my latest iPhone
acquisition would cost a mere RM6, I would have settled for the 128GB model."

I know I would. After all, qui audet adipiscitur (who dares, wins).

When asked, all of them wanted to keep the smartphone for themselves.

Najmi is a first time iPhone user, having made the jump from the Android camp
with his Sony handset because he was influenced by his friend, Mohd Azlan, to do
so. They camped out for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus together.

The first of the six, Liew, camped outside of Blue Cube since 6pm on Nov 4,
while the last, Ng made his way there only at 2pm on Nov 5. For those looking
forward to future iPhone launches, this might give ideas that the first seven in
the queue would be on the receiving end of such benevolence.

RAIN NOT A DAMPER

There were 580 slots available for the midnight launch of Apple's latest
smartphone. The heavy downpour earlier in the evening alongside the notorious
traffic gridlock did not put a damper on the spirits of those in the queue.

Zalman Aefendy Zainal Abidin, chief marketing officer of Celcom Axiata Berhad,
was present at the countdown to the midnight launch. "Customers are becoming
more discerning and are not only looking for the most advanced smartphone but
also an unbeatable network that gives them the fastest connection speed to enjoy
their new devices to the fullest, wherever and whenever they want," he said.

Apart from the six, Celcom also rewarded 30 customers with a RM600 voucher each.
They were randomly picked while lining up during the countdown to the launch.

Echoing the famous marketing line from a charge card company whose membership
has its privileges, Celcom First customers too managed to enjoy the perks of
"first advantages" during the countdown, in which one of them got a dedicated
Celcom promoter to stand in for him/ her in the queue for 15 minutes. It was a
relief when he/she had been standing for hours. As for everyone else, additional
hospitality measures like bench seats, light entertainment (movies and MTV
channels, magazines) and complimentary tea and coffee were made available while
queuing.

They were also treated to fun and interactive activities, including games and
live band and percussion performances as they waited for the countdown to kick
off in a lively and energetic atmosphere.

In the midst of the crowd was rock climber Khairul Hafiz Abu Hassan, who won a
silver medal at the SEA Games 2011 in Palembang, Indonesia, in the Speed
Climbing category. He was in line to pick up an iPhone 6 as well but having
arrived at 8pm, it proved to be an impossible task for him to climb over the
rest of the people in the queue to be the first in line.

Once again, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus launch by Celcom showed that the
universally uniting factor of this smartphone cannot be denied. It does not
matter if you are a student, a fresh graduate who is looking for a job, a
regular office executive or a person who runs your own business - being first
(or the first six in this case) in line to pick up the latest iPhone model
supersedes everything else in life - at least for a day or two.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              429 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                      October 17, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6 launched at Elante Mall, handset to be available at stores from
Friday

LENGTH: 219  words


Chandigarh: The wait for the launch of Apple's Iphone 6 and Iphone 6 Plus among
youngsters finally came to an end on Thursday.

Both handsets were launched at the eStore in city's Elante mall onThursday
midnight. Saurabh Mittal grabbed the first handset.

Thereafter, more than 60 Apple iPhones were delivered to different locations
including store 'Current' in Elante Mall and Sector 35. The handset was also
delivered to Paramatrics store located in Sector 34, Accord Computers located in
Sector 20 and Sector 22.

Two models of iPhone have been launched in India which are iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus. Apple's iPhone 6 is priced at Rs 53500 while iPhone 6 Plus costs Rs 63500.

It is notable that both the handsets were launched in US a month ago.
Thereafter, many localites even ordered the phone from abroad. However, the
phone will be made available in markets of Chandigarh from Friday onwards.

There have been complaints regarding the phone in the past. Many customers in US
experienced that the iPhone would bend while they kept it in their pockets. The
phone has been launched in India after Apple fixed this problem.

The phone will compete with  Samsung's Galaxy Note 4, Sony Xperia Z3 and
Blackberry's Passport model. Along with the mobile markets, the new iPhone will
be made available in electronics market as well.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              430 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                           December 30, 2014 Tuesday

Happy holidays: The iPhone makes its way to phablet territory

BYLINE: Gerard Ramos

LENGTH: 891  words


STEVE JOBS the late founder of Apple, once famously dismissed the competition's
race to shoehorn increasingly bigger screens into smartphones, likening the
endproducts to "Hummers", those luxury SUVs that look like miniaturized
tankssilly, unwieldy and even downright vulgar given the limited road space of
any neighborhood, except perhaps in, say, Dubai.

"No one is going to buy them," Jobs said in a July 2010 news conference.

Fastforward to September 2014 and with millions of "phablets"as these
smartphone/tablet hybrids have come to be callednow in the hands of consumers
worldwide, Apple decided to crash the bigscreen party, unveiling at its
Cupertino, California, headquarters not just the iPhone 6 with its 4.7inch
Retina HD Display but also the iPhone 6 Plusa surprising piece of kit that packs
a 5.5inch screen but with dimensions that push it straight into phablet
territory, rivaled in size only by Sony Xperia T2 Ultra and its 6inch screen
and, before it, the Sony Xperia Z Ultra with its 6.4inch display.

Not surprisingly, these latest releases from Apple have found their way into the
postpaid subscriber offerings portfolio of Globe Telecom, the leading wireless
communications provider around these parts which forged a hugely successful
partnership with Apple beginning with the release of the firstgeneration iPhone
in 2007.

In a statement released to the media, Globe Telecom Senior Vice President for
Consumer Mobile Marketing Issa Cabreira said, "Finally, the iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus have arrived in the Philippines and Globe is beaming with excitement to
bring the latest iPhones to Filipinos. With our longstanding partnership with
Apple, we are poised to provide a complete digital experience to consumers:
bestinclass postpaid plans, exclusive privileges and the biggest rewards, and a
complete suite of valueadded services and apps."

In its revised pricing offer particularly for the iPhone 6 Plus, which was made
effective on December 22, Globe now offers the bigscreened sibling of the iPhone
6 at Plan999 with a monthly cashout of P1,250 for 24 months. With the plan comes
the following: unlimited calls and texts to Globe/TM and GoSURF499 with 1.5GB of
data monthly. With a GoSURF499 subscription, customers get a Navigation Bundle
for unlimited access to Accuweather, Google Maps, GrabTaxi, MMDA app, and Waze;
1GB of Globe Cloud; onemonth access to Wattpad; a month's access to NBA League
Pass; and threemonth access to Spotify Premium.

The carrier's socalled Reset program, which allows existing postpaid customers
to renew or extend their existing account to get the latest babies from
Cupertino, is available until today, December 31.

Globe loaned us an iPhone 6 Plus to play with during the holidays, and what can
we say?

It is BIGmeasuring 6.22 inches in height and 3.06 inches in width, there's no
other way to describe it. While the iPhone 6 Plus has the same screen size as
that of the bestselling LG G3, the Plus is notably taller and a smidgen wider.

The seemingly unnecessary height can be easily attributed to the fact that Apple
can't simply do away with that round home button that sits just below the screen
of every iPhone and iPad in existence. That said, it is much slimmerjust at 7.67
mm, while LG's flagship comes in at 8.9 mm. No doubt, some would prefer the
modelthin proportions of the iPhone 6 Plus, while others would say the bit of
girth the G3 provides makes it easier to use. Needless to say, mileage among
users with different predilections will vary.

As in earlier iPhone generations, the build quality of the iPhone 6 Plus is
exemplary. The smooth aluminum that wraps the back of our loaner unitin space
gray; gold and silver variants are availableis delicious to the touch, the sides
gently rounded out to seemingly fuse with the shatterproof glass that protects
the LEDbacklit IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen. It's a sublime touch that
heightens the sense of premium iPhone users are predisposed to crow about.

And, yes, we have read reports and seen videos of the socalled #Bendgate, with
users despairing about their iPhone 6 Plus emerging bent from their pockets, but
in the couple of weeks we have been toting around the loaner unit in our pocket,
we have yet to discern even the slightest warping. Knock wood.

The display has a 1,080AA¢â(EURO)sÂ¬"1,920 resolution and401 ppi pixel
densityand it is one of the best displays out there in the smartphone/phablet
space, with color and clarity as such that still and moving images appear even
more lifelike. The display also boasts of a new polarizer that makes the screen
quite viewable even under the sun, and Apple also appears to have upped up the
contrast levels from previous iPhones, all these making the overall viewing
experience an absolute delight.

Of course, a bigger screen inevitably impacts battery life, and we don't need to
tell you that the battery woes of iPhone users have been gleefully mocked by
Samsung on several occasions.

Thankfully, Apple saw the wisdom in shoehorning a powerful LiPo 2915 mAh battery
into its first offering in the phablet space, and that has given us a day and a
half of typical usage that includes intermittent browsing and working email and
various social media accounts on LTE and WiFi, and either listening to music or
watching episodes of Downton Abbey, while caught up in mad holiday traffic.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              431 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                      September 8, 2014 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Leaked screenshots show 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Pro to run landscape apps to offer
iPad-like interface

LENGTH: 241  words


An alleged set of leaked screenshots of Apple Iphone 6 5.5-inch variant shows
that the device would be able to run software in landscape mode to offer an
iPad-like user-interface. This set of photos has been leaked by proficient
leakser 9to5 Mac a day ahead of Apple's unveiling of its much awaited bigger
iPhone 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch variants, which are rumored to be called as the
Iphone 6 Air and iPhone 6 Pro respectively.

These screenshots have been tipped by developer Steven Troughton-Smith, who
changed the setting the iOS simulator to 736x414 pixels (1,472x828 at 2x, or
2,208x1242 at 3x), which is rumored to be the resolution for one of the two
iPhone 6 models. And while the iPhone 6 Air with 4.7-inch is expected to work
like the iPhone 5S however with a bigger display, it is the 5.5-inch variant of
the next gen iPhone that is more likely to accommodate this resolution and offer
a dual-pane interface with an iPad-like landscape orientation.

With the landscape interface, the bigger iPhone would offer a more productive
interface, as it might let a user see everything on the Calendar app to be
displayed in a single page, or allow individual contact cards to be seen
alongside full contacts list.

While this landscape mode will make more sense on the 5.5-inch model, we wait
for Apple to take the wraps off its new iPhones and confirm this feature.
Meanwhile, we will keep you updated of any major rumor around the iPhone 6 and
iWatch.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              432 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                          September 3, 2014 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Apple iPhone 6's large screen may benefit Telstra by $500m

BYLINE: David Ramli

SECTION: INFORMATION; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 627 words


Surging demand for Apple's iPhone 6 in September will grow Telstra's domination
of the mobile market and win it an extra $500 million in revenue, according to
Morgan Stanley Research analysts.

But Vodafone Australia and SingTel-Optus are also gearing up in an effort to
ride expectations that Apple's latest smartphone will be a hit thanks to its
larger screen. Morgan Stanley Research predicted Apple's iPhone 6 would help
Telstra get an extra 465,000 mobile customers during financial year 2015. This
would bring its total subscriber base to 16.5 million users by June 30, 2015
compared to the 9.4 million at Optus and 4.96 million at Vodafone Australia
today.

The company used an online survey of 2000 Australian mobile users in August from
alphawise to test how customers felt about their mobile networks and the Apple
iPhone 6.

"Respondents tend to think that Testra's service is too expensive [but] despite
a higher price, user satisfaction is highest for Telstra followed by Optus and
Vodafone," the report said. "Only 25 per cent of Telstra users believe switching
to another operator could enhance their user experience compared with 36 per
cent of Optus users and 50 per cent of Vodafone users."

The report said 45 per cent of iPhones in Australia used Telstra's network,
followed by 27 per cent on Optus and 26 per cent on Vodafone.

It predicted Telstra would get up to 5 per cent more of the iPhone market, which
in turn "could add $300 million to $500 million [in] additional mobile revenue."

However, Telstra's win in the iPhone market would come at the expense of its
rivals. Optus would remain flat while Vodafone Australia would lose 6 per cent
if the iPhone 6 comes with a 5.5-inch screen as expected, Morgan Stanley
Research claimed.

But the investment bank said its forecasts could be wrong if Optus or Vodafone
launched an aggressive pricing war, as both companies are closing the 4G
coverage gap with Telstra.

Bank of America Merrill Lynch's Sameer Chopra said Telstra's success would
partly depend on its rivals offering entry level prices of around $80 a month or
more.

Telstra has traditionally been the biggest winner out of every Apple iPhone
launch, which usually hits the market in the first half of the financial year.
"In three of the last four years, Telstra has added significantly more
subscribers in the first-half versus the second-half and we believe much of this
change is due to the launch of the latest iPhones," BAML said.

Apple's iPhone 5s and 5c devices underwhelmed shoppers because it was seen to
offer little extra on top of older models. This let Korean handset maker Samsung
fill the gap and win customers over with its popular devices.

"However the data from our survey suggested that Apple's new iPhone 6 could see
this trend turn around," Morgan Stanley Research said.

Predictions that Apple's iPhone 6 will feature a new 5.5-inch screen compared
with the 4.7-inch screens that are currently on sale are key to the product and
market's success, it added.

Optus and Vodafone Australia see the iPhone 6 as a chance to improve their
falling subscriber bases and sign customers onto newly created mobile services.
Optus has its My Plan range while Vodafone Australia has its Red Plans.

Optus has a "Smartphone Alerts" website where customers sign up to get the
latest information on new devices such as Apple's iPhone 6, while Vodafone
Australia does the same with its "Start the Buzz" service.

But Telstra, Optus and Vodafone Australia are all locked into strict contracts
with Apple that forbid them from talking about, marketing or even acknowledging
the existence of the iPhone 6 before its official launch.

All three declined to comment on the record about anything relating to Apple's
iPhone 6 when contacted by Fairfax Media.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              433 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           October 1, 2014 Wednesday

iPhone approved for sale on mainland

BYLINE: Bloomberg

LENGTH: 358  words


Apple will sell its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in China this month after
agreeing to improve user security and privacy.

Apple will sell its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in China this month after
agreeing to improve user security and privacy.

The devices will go on sale on Oct 17, the company said after China's Ministry
of Industry and Information Technology granted the smartphones a network access
permit, the final step in the approval process. Pre-orders will start on Oct 10,
and the phones will be available at all three major carriers.

The approval process included discussions on potential leaks of personal data
through weaknesses in Apple's operating system, with the company taking measures
in iOS 8 to eliminate risks stemming from three background diagnostic tools, the
ministry said.

"Apple is coming under greater scrutiny on personal data security from the
government," said Shaun Rein, managing director for China Market Research Group
in Shanghai. "This is definitely starting to affect consumers and some are
thinking twice about buying Apple now because the government has made them
nervous."

Apple pledged it has never built, and will never build, a "back door" with any
government agencies for products or services, the ministry said.

The 16-gigabyte iPhone 6 will retail for 5,288 yuan ($860) and the 16-gigabyte
iPhone 6 Plus for 6,088 yuan, Apple said.

"We are thrilled to bring iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus to our customers in China
on all three carriers at launch," Apple CEO Tim Cook said.

The new iPhones will trail the release of Samsung's Note 4 device in China.

Apple released the new iPhones in 10 markets, including the US, Hong Kong, Japan
and Australia, on Sept 19 before adding another 20 countries a week later.

China's consumers typically have waited at least three months for Apple to start
selling new iPhones in the world's biggest smartphone market, triggering a flood
of devices into the country's black market.

Vendors near the Apple store in the Sanlitun district in Beijing are selling the
128-gigabyte iPhone 6 Plus for 12,000 yuan, compared with HK$8,088 ($1,040) in
Hong Kong.

(China Daily 10/01/2014 page1)

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              434 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Sunday Tribune (South Africa)

                               September 28, 2014
                                   E1 Edition

iCame, iPhone, iDrop it in beer

SECTION: Pg. 36

LENGTH: 566 words


THE release of the iPhone 6 was eagerly anticipated all around the world.

But one Apple fan went to great lengths to ensure he was the first to get his
hands on one, by changing time zones and flying to Australia for the launch -
just so he could drop the first iPhone 6 in a pitcher of beer.

Canadian-based musician Michael Mooney spent 22 hours on a plane so he could be
the first to buy an iPhone in Brisbane, even paying the first people in the
queue of 2000 to hand over their handset.

But it was no accident that the first iPhone 6 met such a sticky ending - Mooney
dropped it into his beer on purpose.

As part of a clever marketing ploy, the musician was working to promote a
product that claims to revive phones even when they have been completely
saturated.

Reviveaphone tasked Mooney with acquiring the first iPhone 6 on the market, so
he could test out the product with a fun video.

So he headed to Australia, which was the first country to welcome the release
date of September 19, due to time zone differences.

Mooney is the lead singer of a Montreal Band called Le Trouble.

The video was shot from September 16 to September 19 and it involved flying
Mooney and a two-man crew to Brisbane.

Mooney said, "When the guys approached me with this crazy and beautiful idea, I
had to go with it. What's funny is that nothing was guaranteed.

"Would we get to the store on time? Would we get the first phone? Of course, we
were confident Reviveaphone would bring the iPhone back to life, but it was all
a big gamble.

"Those four days were hectic, and boy did we have fun."

On the day of the iPhone 6 release Mooney is taken aback by the length of the
queue.

During the entertaining video, Mooney comes to an agreement with the first two
people in line for the iPhone 6 and he agrees to give his new friends thousands
of dollars in return for acquiring the world's first iPhone 6.

The video then cuts to the morning of the iPhone 6 release and an excited
Mooney.

He says, "Our friends are being interviewed because they were the first in line
but what they don't know is the first phone is mine."

When Mooney finally gets his hands on the iPhone 6, he kisses it and says,
"'Thank you very much everybody, that one's mine. We came a long way for that
b*****d."

Minutes later the musician can be seen in a hotel with a large jug of beer.

Mooney says, "Ladies and gentlemen, I'm now going to drop the world's first
iPhone 6 into a full pitcher of beer."

Although the phone looks doomed as the display lights are extinguished as the
beer infiltrates the device, Mooney then introduces Riviveaphone.

Minerals

He says, "When you drop your phone in water or beer or whatever it's not the
liquid that makes the thing die, it's the minerals in the liquid and somehow
this stuff treats the minerals and works on the minerals. I don't know, I'm not
a scientist."

Mooney continues: "You pour the liquid into the pouch and then stick the phone
in and seal it. You leave this thing in for seven minutes and then you take it
out and leave it to dry for 24 hours and you're good to go."

The video then cuts to Mooney 24 hours later as he checks if the phone has been
revived.

"This thing has been sitting outside for 24 hours drying and it is dry so I
guess I'll turn it on."

The lead singer is delighted to see the phone lights up.

He adds, "Please look at |that, please, look at the apple and please see that
that works." - Daily Mail

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NT


                Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              435 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus to hit Indian shores on Oct 17

LENGTH: 171 words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 11 -- Apple will make its new smartphones iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus available to customers in India from October 17. The devices will hit the
US stores on September 19 and Apple enthusiasts in India need to wait less than
a month only, unlike the long wait in the case of previous editions of the
iPhone.

Incidentally, the company makes the new smartphones available in the country in
the midst of festive season. Prices of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, however, have
not yet been disclosed.

In the past, Apple smartphones were made available in India around November.
IPhone 5S for the 16GB version is retailing in India at about Rs 41,500. Apple
unveiled two thinner and larger screened smartphones, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6-Plus
yesterday as the tech giant looks to fend off competition from Korean handset
maker Samsung.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              436 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             March 30, 2014 Sunday

Rumor: iPhone 6 releasing in two sizes

LENGTH: 134  words


A new report claims the iPhone 6 may release in 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch models.
The post Rumor: iPhone 6 releasing in two sizes appeared first on tbreak.

Apple may go big and bigger with the iPhone 6 this year.

Nikkei reports that the iPhone 6 will release in 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch variants,
which are both larger than the tiny 4-inch screen of the iPhone 5S, and a unique
move to cater to multiple markets at once. There is no mention if the smaller
iPhone 6 will be a 'mini version' of sorts.

The report also claims the smartphones will release in September.

Last month, we got a rough leak on the supposed final look of the iPhone 6,
showcasing a larger screen, ultra thin bezel, and of course, the TouchID-enabled
Home Screen button.

The post Rumor: iPhone 6 releasing in two sizes appeared first on tbreak.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2014 TBREAK MEDIA
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              437 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                           September 3, 2016 Saturday

How much can you get for your iPhone?

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 734 words


Blayne Slabbert takes a look at the market for secondhand iPhones.

--------------------

Next week, Tim Cook will stand on a stage in San Francisco and unveil a new
iPhone model.

Shortly after the Apple chief executive delivers his speech, some of you will
start wondering about upgrading your current iPhone.

But what is it worth, and what can you expect to pay secondhand for older
iPhones?

Figures from Trade Me show there is a spike in searches for iPhones after each
new model is released.

However, data from January to June this year shows that while about 100,000
iPhones were listed on the site it's not always the latest models that get the
most attention.

The results show the iPhone 5 was the most popular handset in terms of the
number of listings created during that period.

This was followed by the iPhone 5s (2013), the iPhone 4s (2011), then the iPhone
6 (2014) in fourth place.

The most purchased iPhone over the six-month period was the iPhone 5 followed
closely by the iPhone 5s, and the iPhone 4s. In fourth place again was the
iPhone 6.

The demand for smaller, more affordable iPhones possibly shows Apple made a
smart move by releasing the 4-inch iPhone 5se earlier this year.

However, people still covet the latest phones, with data showing the 6 model is
the most popular when it comes to searches.

Here's what to expect to get if you do plan on selling your iPhone secondhand.
The prices reflect devices in good to excellent condition with no dents or
cracks.

iPhone 4s

This model is really getting dated now. In October it'll be five years old,
which in smartphone years means it's due for the retirement home.

However, Apple has made an effort to keep the 4s current and it is compatible
with the latest operating system that is due to be released next week.

The screen is tiny - 3.5-inches - but you still get a good phone that was worth
$1049 when it first went on sale. However, expect its resale value to decline.

Secondhand: $150 (8GB) - $300 (16GB).

New: Not available to buy new anymore.

iPhone 5

Since this is the most listed phone on Trade Me, it appears many people are
selling it to upgrade.

There will probably be more listings after the next model is announced so if you
are after a 5, it may be a good time to get a deal.

It's still a great phone and is quite a bit better than the 4S. It's got a
bigger screen, 4G and its twice as fast, which is why many are still buying them
on Trade Me.

Secondhand: $250 (16GB) - $450 (32GB).

New: Not available to buy new anymore.

iPhone 5c

This plastic-backed model is still popular and is a great entry-level device.

However, there is a lot of 5c iPhones on Trade Me so it could take a while to
sell. Any first-time smartphone owner would be happy with this device.

Secondhand: $250 (8GB) - $380 (16GB).

New: Not available to buy new anymore.

iPhone 5s

There is little difference between this model and the 5, but it still sells for
more. There are hundreds of these listed on Trade Me which is good if you are
looking for one to buy.

Secondhand: $300 (16GB) - $600 (64GB).

New: Not available to buy new anymore.

iPhone 6 (2015)

This was the first model to feature a larger 4.7-inch screen and it proved a
sales winner for Apple.

Trade Me data shows this model is the most popular in terms of search.

This may be good news for all those after a 6 as a new iPhone coming on the
market will mean more older devices going on sale.

The 6 Plus models sell for about $200 more.

Secondhand: $500 (16GB) - $900 (64GB).

New: $999 (16GB) - $1199 (64GB).

iPhone 6s

If you are selling a 6s to upgrade to what will probably be the iPhone 7 then
you are probably an early adopter and are not worried about spending money on a
new phone.

If the new model proves a winner, then you may see a flurry of the 6s devices
coming on the market as fans rush to upgrade.

The Plus models sell for about $200 more.

Secondhand: $800 (16GB) - $1100 (64GB).

New: $1199 (16GB), $1399 (64GB), $1599 (128GB).

iPhone 5se

The most recent addition to the lineup. It only went on sale in March so unless
you're having major screen-size regrets it's hard to see why you'd really want
to upgrade.

However, if you're looking to buy one secondhand you don't have much choice.
There's only a few for sale on Trade Me at any one time.

Secondhand: $650 (16GB) - $850 (64GB).

New: $749 (16GB) - $949 (64GB).

--------------------

CAPTION:

The iPhone 5c model is still popular and is a great entry-level device. GETTY
IMAGES

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              438 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

BUYERS PICK A SOUR APPLE

BYLINE: DANIEL RUTH

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 733 words


Is it too late to bring back the hand-crank phone?

Apple spends an estimated $2.1 billion a year on the research and development of
its products. No doubt a sizable portion of that budget was dedicated to the
company's recent rollout of the much-frothed-over iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
gizmos, giving its customers even greater critical access to nude selfies, texts
reminding people where one is currently consuming moo goo gai pan and
interminable, inconsequential telephonic babble.

In the first week of sales, 10 million gullible people lined up to plop down at
least $200 to purchase a device that will ...well, essentially do exactly what
their iPhone model whatever already did. Isn't this a bit like replacing a
perfectly serviceable car for a new one with a louder horn?

But what should have been Apple's moment of triumph for the till, by once again
snookering people into buying something they don't need, turned into a
challenge. For want of a double-knit fabric, Apple faced a portent of doom.

Despite Apple's expenditure of vast sums to create the iPhone 6 Plus, along with
the work performed by the nation's finest techno geeks, potentially fatal
consumer flaws in the device apparently went unnoticed.

It seems the iPhone 6 Plus cannot be jammed into today's fashionable pockets.
And if one somehow successfully manages to dig, shove, push, wedge, cram or
otherwise nudge an iPhone 6 Plus into his or her clothing, some customers claim
the whatchamacallit tends to bend. In short, we stand on the cusp of a worldwide
butt-calling crisis.

Though there is some doubt over the claim, reports the iPhone 6 Plus bends like
a Slim Jim sausage snack sent Apple shares tumbling by billions of dollars,
which set off a domino effect of unrelated company stocks also taking a hit.

Let's review. The nation's foremost producer of highly engineered communications
devices spends hundreds of millions of dollars on a new thingy, which is
supposed to be marginally better than its old thingy, and the entire project is
put at risk and Apple's stock craters because gelatinous consumers wearing tight
clothing can't pry the cockamamie widget into a pocket.

Is it too late to bring back the Princess phone?

Suggestion for Apple's CEO Tim Cook: Have you considered a free Jane Fonda
workout app for the iPhone 6 Plus?

Suggestion No. 2 for Apple: Have you considered a free new product to go along
with the iPhone 6 Plus, such as deep-pocket Apple cargo iPants?

Other consumers have kvetched the iPhone 6 Plus is too big to fit into a woman's
purse, or a man's inside jacket pocket, as if they are expected to lug around a
typewriter in their clothing. Oh, the fashion heartbreak of it all.

Around the world, wars are waging, diseases are claiming thousands of lives,
volcanos are erupting, humorless terrorists are running amok and demonstrators
are taking to the streets seeking freedom. But what seems to be consuming
countless Americans? Their iPhones are leaving unsightly shapes in their
pockets, that is, when they are able to squeeze - against all laws of physics -
the doohickey into their pants.

And for that Apple experienced a multibillion-dollar stock slap?

There is a silver lining solution to Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus woes.

Since the new whatsits are so unwieldy and a crime against couture, might this
lead to consumers leaving their iPhones in the car, or at home, or in a giant
knapsack?

Imagine what this might do to the mind-numbing video game industry, not to
mention the "Billy Bob is eating a burrito at Taco Bell" texting community, not
to mention the do-it-yourself porn aficionados. They would be forced to expose
their shortcomings in person, the old-fashioned way.

People might actually have to sit across from one another in restaurants and
converse eye-to-eye. How socially revolutionary. Social human discourse
uninhibited by a handheld techno-cave. Now there's a concept.

Since it is probably too late to bring back the candlestick phone, we can rest
assured the American industrial/fashion complex will rise to the occasion and
meet the demands of consumers who yearn to be trendy but insist on memorializing
themselves with slobbering selfies taken while twerking as they alert the
universe to their presence at an Ybor City tattoo parlor.

Get ready for the next stylish trend - nicely baggy leisure suits with kangaroo
pouches front and back. So iDe rigueur.

- druth@tampabay.com

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - Associated Press: Owners of the iPhone 6 Plus have reported
that it tends to bend when back-pocketed.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2014 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              439 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Gulf Daily News

                                October 30, 2014

iPhones are launched by VIVA Bahrain

LENGTH: 269 words


MANAMA: VIVA Bahrain has launched iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, the biggest
advancements in iPhone history.

Following a successful registration campaign and a special mid-night launch,
customers will now get their hands on Apple's powerful devices connected to the
kingdom's widest and fastest 4G LTE network.

Bringing to Bahrain iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, VIVA will be offering the
devices with a range of attractive plans including Unlimited Smart 20, Smart 25
and Smart 30.

These unique price packages from VIVA will provide customers with more value for
money allowing them to get the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus on a monthly subscription
whilst enjoying unlimited VIVA to VIVA calls and data on the 4G LTE network, as
well as enjoy a special free number, among many other benefits.

Available on 16GB, 64 GB and 128 GB capacities, VIVA customers can be the first
to get their hands on the iPhone 6 (16 GB) for free on 18-months contract with
the Unlimited Smart 30 plan, or BD 29 for the iPhone 6 Plus (16 GB) with the
same plan.

Apple's latest devices are available on 12-months and 18-months contracts at
VIVA's retail outlets in Gold, Silver and Space Gray colours.

"Apple's latest creations are not only simply bigger, but also better in every
single way," VIVA chief commercial officer Andrew Hanna said.

"We are pleased to bring to our customers the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus bundled with a
range of Unlimited Smart plans to suit preferences of both individuals and
businesses.

"Our customers will enjoy these devices with an enhanced mobile data experience
offered on the nation's widest and fastest 4G LTE network," he added.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5


     Copyright 2014 Gulf Daily News - Hilal Publishing and Marketing Group.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              440 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

iPhone 6 Plus owners use the most mobile data

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 199 words


It turns out that a phablet has more things in common with tablets than just
screen size. If you have a big phone, your data bills are going to be
tablet-sized too.

According to research undertaken by Citrix, iPhone 6 Plus owners get through
twice as much mobile data a month as their iPhone 6-owning counterparts and it's
because of that bigger 5.4-inch display, which is perfect for watching video on
the go.

However, as well as giving a potential explanation as to why bigger smartphones
are leading to lower tablet sales, Citrix figures show that there is a direct
correlation between a handset's screen size and its monthly data use.

The iPhone 6 Plus is not only using twice as much data per month as the iPhone
6, it's getting through 10 times as much data as the iPhone 3GS (Citrix still
has customers using all of the older-generation iPhones).

But even the smaller iPhone 6 with its 4.6-inch display is responsible for using
significantly more monthly data than any other iPhone model that preceded it
(all of which had smaller displays).

The big takeaway for consumers is that if they're eyeing up an iPhone 6 Plus as
their next smartphone their pockets will have to be deep as well as wide.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2015 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              441 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday
                         The New York Times on the Web

Video: Testing the Camera on the iPhone 6

BYLINE: By MOLLY WOOD

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg.

LENGTH: 276 words


The new iPhones have gotten almost as much attention for their cameras as for
their larger screens and software updates-

Both the devices, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, have a new sensor on the
camera with something called Focus Pixels, an addition that enables
significantly faster auto-focusing and more accurate colors. Other features
include manual exposure controls, slower and crisper slow motion shooting, video
stabilization and higher-resolution panoramas. The iPhone 6 Plus, the bigger of
the two phones, also has optical image stabilization for reducing blur and
allowing longer exposures in lowlight situations.

As many an amateur photographer has discovered, however, simply owning a better
camera doesn't always produce better shots. So to determine whether the iPhone 6
cameras are a true improvement over their already good predecessors, I shipped
my review units to Todd Heisler, a staff photographer at The New York Times.

Mr. Heisler said the size of the iPhone 6 Plus made it too unwieldy to use on a
daily basis, so he stuck to testing the iPhone 6. He said he didn't miss the
added features.

Mr. Heisler said the camera on the iPhone 6 was closer to his professional gear
than ever before, because of the slider that lets you fine-tune exposure even
when you're rolling video and built-in tools for fine-tuning light, exposure,
contrast and color. And he said that because of those controls, there's no need
to turn to third-party camera apps that can be more complicated to use.

Professional photographers like Mr. Heisler probably won't be shelving their pro
cameras for iPhones yet. But don't be surprised if they pull one out on the job.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/09/26/technology/personaltech/video-testing-the-came
ra-on-the-iphone-6.html

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              442 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

People go on holiday just to stand in an iPhone line

BYLINE: By Tim Higgins, Doni Bloomfield and Cornelius Rahn Bloomberg

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 973 words


Going on an iVacation?

The long lines of people eager to get their hands on Apple Inc.'s latest iPhones
took on a new flavor this year, as queues swelled with tourists joining in the
revelry to buy handsets that aren't yet available back home.

Russians standing in line in Berlin's Kurfürstendamm sang "Katyusha" and drank
vodka, while Brazilians traveled halfway across the world to Sydney to pick up
the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models. Mandarin, Vietnamese and Spanish were being
spoken outside San Francisco's Apple Store.

"We decided to line up because it's cheaper here," said Eva Trancoso, 27, who
was in Tokyo waiting with two other Dutch tourists at a shop in Shibuya. "And it
won't be available in Holland" for a while, she said.

The globe-trotting shoppers lining up on the first day of iPhone sales in
Australia, Japan, Singapore, Hong Kong, Germany, France, U.K., Canada, Puerto
Rico and the U.S. were there because they won't be able to buy the new
bigger-screen smartphones until Sept. 26 at the earliest in the next batch of
countries. While the new iPhones make ideal travel gifts, they're also an
attractive investment opportunity for resellers planning to market them at a
premium in their home countries.

Apple's iPhone rollout is the most important event this year for the Cupertino,
California-based company. Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook is counting on the
handsets to maintain Apple's sales growth. The devices generate more than half
of the company's annual $171 billion in revenue and precede a swath of other
products, including new iPads and Apple Watch. The iPhones have screens of 4.7
inches and 5.5 inches, compared with 4 inches for previous models, which is
helping to boost their appeal to new consumers.

"I came here for tourism, and my wife and friends asked me to bring them the new
iPhone," Yury Shchepetkov, a 24-year-old power engineer from Moscow, said while
waiting in Berlin. "I had no idea I would be stuck in line for two nights
without a sleeping bag."

Tiago Amorim was waiting outside of Apple's Fifth Avenue store in New York after
flying up from Brazil to get his hands on one.

"We love iPhones," the 14-year-old said.

Amorim was in a line that, as of 8 a.m., was 33 percent longer than last year's
debut of the iPhone 5s and 5c, according to Piper Jaffray Cos.

"There was an even more significant influence of international buyers, even more
than last year," Gene Munster, an analyst at Piper Jaffray, wrote in a note to
investors.

Apple hasn't said when China and Brazil will get the new iPhones. They aren't on
the list of countries that will get the phones in the next wave, which includes
Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Liechtenstein,
Luxembourg, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Qatar, Russia, Saudi
Arabia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Turkey and the United Arab Emirates.

"We traveled about 35 hours to get our hands on the new iPhone before everyone
else in Brazil," said William Marchiori, 25, who flew to Australia from Sao
Paulo. "We took three flights and got here two days ago, and we lined up."

The new iPhones are targeted directly at bigger-screen smartphones popular with
consumers in Asia. Those phones typically run on Android and are made by Samsung
Electronics Co., Xiaomi Corp. and Lenovo Group Ltd., among others.

"It's a big status symbol everywhere," Tim Bajarin, an analyst at Creative
Strategies Inc., said of the new iPhones and the global interest.

Carolyn Wu, a Beijing-based spokeswoman for Apple, didn't respond to a request
for comment about when phones would reach Brazil and China. She previously
declined to comment on when the new models will be available in China other than
to say the iPhone 6 "will get here as soon as possible."

Among the hundreds of people lined up to buy a phone at an Apple store in Paris
was Elias Kartout, a 22-year-old student from Belgium, who came with four
friends. They'd been vacationing in Italy when they changed course.

"The new iPhone's not on sale back home in Belgium, so we're making a detour to
buy it in France," he said.

More than 1,000 people lined up in the rain at the Apple Store on London's
Regent Street, where people sat on pieces of cardboard to stay dry and two
Russian tourists dressed up as a banana and a bear.

Not everyone in that line was in a good mood. Llewellen Fourie, 39, a surveyor
from London who had been in line since Sept. 18, said he was frustrated because
he expected most of the people in line were planning to resell them overseas.

"They should make people open it and activate it in the store," Fourie said.
"People will have it in China tomorrow."

Last year, was the first -- and so far only -- time that Apple's phones were
available in China on the same day as the global debut.

Previously, the typical three-month lag before the iPhone's debut in China
helped fuel smuggling of about 20 million iPhones into China annually, according
to Jun Zhang, head of China equities research at Rosenblatt Securities Inc. in
San Francisco. As many as 5 million iPhones may be smuggled into China before
the new models are officially available, according to Neil Shah, Mumbai-based
research director for devices at Counterpoint Research.

Several people in line in San Francisco said they planned to buy phones to
resell. Others were there to soak up the atmosphere, including Ramzan
Keshwanies, 27, a flight attendant based in Hong Kong who arrived in San
Francisco and was spending his day off waiting in line at the Apple Store.

"I was supposed to be here on the launch day of the iPhone 6 and I thought maybe
I should go and do camping and get my hands on iPhone 6," he said. "It's good
fun."

In nearby Palo Alto, California, CEO Cook posed for photos at an Apple Store and
later tweeted, "Thanks to all the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus owners around
the world!"

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Associated Press Ken Miyauchi, left, vice president of Japanese mobile
phone company Softbank, hugs the first customer of iPhone 6 during a ceremony to
mark the first day of sales of the new Apple iPhone 6 and 6 Plus at a store in
Tokyo Friday.Associated Press Courtney Morelle, left, and Jack Golf, along with
other customers camp in the rain waiting for Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
at the Apple Store in Highland Village Friday in Houston.Associated Press Joy
Ding sleeps as she waits in line with friends for the opening of the Apple Store
for the launch and sale of the new iPhone 6 on Friday in Palo Alto, Calif.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              443 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

iPhone 6 - the specs showdown

LENGTH: 492 words


Apple has finally launched the much awaited iPhone 6 Plus and iPhone 6 at WWDC
2014 on its Silver Jubilee, yesterday. Finally, my social and tech news feed can
take a back seat with all the rumored specs and product leaks. However, most of
them were fairly accurate. Being an Android convert myself since iPhone [...]
The post iPhone 6 - the specs showdown appeared first on tbreak.ae.

Apple has finally launched the much awaited iPhone 6 Plus and iPhone 6 at WWDC
2014 on its Silver Jubilee, yesterday. Finally, my social and tech news feed can
take a back seat with all the rumored specs and product leaks. However, most of
them were fairly accurate. Being an Android convert myself since iPhone 3GS; I
can safely say, I'm not going to be reverting back anytime soon, yet.

On paper the specs are pretty straight forward;


iPhone 6    iPhone 6       Galaxy Note 4  LG G3
Plus

Announced   2014/09/09     2014/09/09     2014/09/03        2014/05/27
On
Processor   Apple          Apple          Qualcomm          Qualcomm
Brand
Architectur 64bit          64bit          32bit             32bit
e
Processor   A82-core2 GHz  A82-core2 GHz  Snapdragon        Snapdragon
Name                                      8054-core2.7 GHz  8014-core2.5
                                                            GHz
RAM         2 GB           2 GB           3 GB              2 GB (16) 3GB
                                                            (32)
Built-In    16,64,128 GB   16,64,128 GB   32 GB             32 GB
Storage
Edxternal   No             No             MicroSD (upto     MicroSD (upto
Card Slot                                 64GB)             128GB)
Display     IPS LCD,       IPS LCD,       Super AMOLED,     IPS LCD,
Type        Touchscreen    Touchscreen    Touchscreen       Touchscreen
            Screen         Screen         Screen            Screen
Glass Type  Sapphire       Sapphire       2.5D Glass        Gorilla Glass
                                                            3
Resolution  1920×1080      1334×750       2560×1440         2560×1440
Pixel       416ppi         416ppi         515ppi            534ppi
Density
Screen Size 5.5"           4.7"           5.7"              5.5"
SIM Type    Nano SIM       Nano SIM       Micro SIM         Micro SIM
LTE         CAT4           CAT4           CAT6              CAT4
Category
Rear Camera 8 Megapixel    8 Megapixel    16 Megapixel      13 Megapixel
Front       1.2 Megapixel  1.2 Megapixel  3.7 Megapixel     2.1 Megapixel
Camera
Video       720p/30fps     720p/30fps     1080p/30fps       1080p/30fps,
Resolutions                                                 720p/30fps
Wireless    No             No             Yes               Yes
Charging
NFC Sensor  Yes            Yes            Yes               Yes
Battery     2910 mAh       1850 mAh       3220 mAh          3000 mAh
Capacity
(mAh)

Don't be fooled by A8 2-Core 2.7 GHz, which on paper is 2 less cores than Note 4
or G3, but keep in mind it's a 64-bit processor rather than the 32-bit and hence
they were able to pull off similar user experience with a mere 1GB on its
predecessor, iPhone 5S and that now has been bumped up to 2GB for iPhone 6.
Being a current Samsung Galaxy Note 3 owner, I was secretly hoping that Samsung
Galaxy Note 4 would come out with the new 64-bit Qualcomm Snapdragon 808/810 to
be on par with Apple processors in that domain. Although, there are elements of
iPhone 6 hardware that are really sub-standard when compared to the latest
Android devices out there in the market from Samsung, LG, HTC or even Huawei,
but iOS 8 and OS X Yosemite features are going to play a key role in setting
iPhone 6 apart from the rest, especially, if your other devices are already in a
MAC environment. Nonetheless, we will have to wait and see how iPhone 6 performs
side by side with other devices along with some in depth stress testing.

The post iPhone 6 - the specs showdown appeared first on tbreak.ae.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2014 TBREAK MEDIA
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              444 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Apple unveils Watch, iPhone 6;
$350 wrist wear needs iPhone 5 or newer to work

BYLINE: Julia Love, Jeremy C. Owens and Troy Wolverton; San Jose Mercury News

SECTION: METRO; Business; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 923 words

DATELINE: CUPERTINO, Calif.



HIGHLIGHT: Apple


- Apple CEO Tim Cook debuted Apple's first new product category Tuesday since
the introduction of the iPad tablet computer, showing off a new smartwatch along
with two new        iPhones and a mobile- payments offering built into the new
devices.

The wearable computer, called simply the Apple Watch, has a new user interface,
with Cook declaring, What we didn't do was take the iPhone and shrink the user
interface and strap it on your wrist.

It will come in three different basic forms: Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport and
Apple Edition, with the last one available in 18-karat gold. Apple Watch will be
a standard offering, while the Sport edition will be sturdier. The wrist
computer will be highly customizable, with different sizes for the watch face
and bands of different colors as well as leather and metal, with a starting base
price of $350. The device will go

on sale in early 2015.

Users will interact with the Apple Watch through a dial on the side, using it to
scroll up and down and zoom in, or through its touchscreen, which is made of
synthetic sapphire. The device will have Apple's voice-detection technology
Siri, allowing users to guide through interactions with voice commands, and a
series of gestures can help control basic functions as well.

The watch, which must be used in tandem with an iPhone 5 or later, can record
users' vitals, with sensors detecting bodily actions such as pulse rate, and
record them with HealthKit, Apple software introduced earlier this year at the
Worldwide Developers Conference.

With its customizable form and different possible tasks, the Apple Watch can be
a different device for different users' needs, Cook said.

I use mine to control the Apple TV, another team member uses his as a remote for
his iPhone camera, the CEO said.

Apple introduced two new iPhones that will function with its watch: a larger
iPhone than before, the iPhone 6 Plus, along with the iPhone 6, which Cook
described as the best phones you have ever seen.

The iPhone 6 Plus will be 5.5 inches diagonal, a size in between a smartphone
and tablet that has proved especially popular in Asia.

One of the iPhone 6's advances is Apple Pay, a mobile-payments offering that
utilizes near-field communications to get rid of credit cards' outdated and
vulnerable magnetic stripe, as Cook described them. Instead of using physical
cards, the iPhone will connect to users' payment options, while not storing
credit card numbers or security codes.

The service will work with 220,000 contactless machines in place at retailers,
along with Apple partners such as McDonald's, Walgreens and Disney.

Apple will begin selling the phones on Sept. 19 in the United States.

The two new iPhones will arrive with Apple's newest mobile operating system, iOS
8.

APPLE, Page 6

- Apple CEO Tim Cook debuted Apple's first new product category Tuesday since
the introduction of the iPad tablet computer, showing off a new smartwatch along
with two new        iPhones and a mobile- payments offering built into the new
devices.

The wearable computer, called simply the Apple Watch, has a new user interface,
with Cook declaring, What we didn't do was take the iPhone and shrink the user
interface and strap it on your wrist.

It will come in three different basic forms: Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport and
Apple Edition, with the last one available in 18-karat gold. Apple Watch will be
a standard offering, while the Sport edition will be sturdier. The wrist
computer will be highly customizable, with different sizes for the watch face
and bands of different colors as well as leather and metal, with a starting base
price of $350. The device will go

on sale in early 2015.

Users will interact with the Apple Watch through a dial on the side, using it to
scroll up and down and zoom in, or through its touchscreen, which is made of
synthetic sapphire. The device will have Apple's voice-detection technology
Siri, allowing users to guide through interactions with voice commands, and a
series of gestures can help control basic functions as well.

The watch, which must be used in tandem with an iPhone 5 or later, can record
users' vitals, with sensors detecting bodily actions such as pulse rate, and
record them with HealthKit, Apple software introduced earlier this year at the
Worldwide Developers Conference.

With its customizable form and different possible tasks, the Apple Watch can be
a different device for different users' needs, Cook said.

I use mine to control the Apple TV, another team member uses his as a remote for
his iPhone camera, the CEO said.

Apple introduced two new iPhones that will function with its watch: a larger
iPhone than before, the iPhone 6 Plus, along with the iPhone 6, which Cook
described as the best phones you have ever seen.

The iPhone 6 Plus will be 5.5 inches diagonal, a size in between a smartphone
and tablet that has proved especially popular in Asia.

One of the iPhone 6's advances is Apple Pay, a mobile-payments offering that
utilizes near-field communications to get rid of credit cards' outdated and
vulnerable magnetic stripe, as Cook described them. Instead of using physical
cards, the iPhone will connect to users' payment options, while not storing
credit card numbers or security codes.

The service will work with 220,000 contactless machines in place at retailers,
along with Apple partners such as McDonald's, Walgreens and Disney.

Apple will begin selling the phones on Sept. 19 in the United States.

The two new iPhones will arrive with Apple's newest mobile operating system, iOS
8.

Apple

From Page 3

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              445 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 31, 2014 Sunday 2:02 PM GMT

Apple iPhone 6 'leaked video' claims to show device on iTunes ahead of release
date;
Short clip of stylish 'prototype' of this year's must-have mobile has been
dividing opinion since it first surfaced on Friday

BYLINE: By Steve Kelly

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 817 words


iPhone 6 hands-on

A video claiming to be leaked footage the new iPhone 6 has surfaced online.

The short clip of the apparent prototype, entitled 'iPhone 6 Hands-on', hit
YouTube on Friday after being released by luxury phone designer Feld and Volk,
causing a storm among millions of Apple lovers.

The video shows the stylish silver device charging and even booting up.

However, eagle-eyed critics have branded the phone a fake, correctly arguing the
iTunes logo in the 6's new operating system, iOS 8, is a different colour.

The logo on the new phones has been changed from the standard blue, as shown in
the clip, to a new orange.

Whether this is an oversight or it is simply running on the current iOS 7 format
is unclear, but it appears to have wet the appetite of fans keen to catch of
glimpse of the gadget in action.

The two-minute video has spread across the internet like wildfire, having
attracted almost 1.5 million views in just two days.

The clip is one of hundreds flying around the web in anticipation for the
official iPhone 6 launch in just over a week.

What do you think of the iPhone 6 video?

And Apple is already using the building suspense to its advantage.

A mysterious three-storey structure has been built next to the conference centre
where the device will be unveiled.

The structure, clad in a giant white box and protected by round-the-clock
security, has been built near the Flint Centre for the Performing Arts in
Cupertino, the Californian city that Apple have their headquarters.

It's the first time in years that Apple have held a event at the Flint Centre -
they usually unveil hardware and software at San Francisco's Yerba Buena Center
or at their own 'Town Hall' venue in Cupertino.

Blogger Jim Dalrymple, whose site The Loop has reliably broken countless Apple
stories over the years, suggests the structure could be a hands-on area for
journalists to try out the new devices after the launch keynote.

Others have questioned why the tech giant would be keeping the venue so tightly
under wraps, considering the number of leaked photos of the forthcoming iPhone
devices.

It's thought the guarded secrecy could mean there are still some surprises in
store at the event - perhaps involving an iWatch.

Apple sent out cryptic invitations three days ago, believed to be connected with
the launch.

The image carries a date and the cryptic message "Wish we could say more."

There's no mention of iPhone specifically, and the background - a section of
Apple's iconic logo - gives no clues as to what hardware is due to be revealed
at the event.

Everyone's pretty sure we'll see some iPhones unveiled at the keynote speech,
but will there be anything else? Perhaps an iWatch ?

iPhone 'dummy' vid

Meanwhile, excitement is building for devotees as the official launch of the
iPhone edges closer.

In typical Apple fashion, hard facts are scarce, but rumours about exactly what
the new phone will offer continue to spread across the web thick and fast.

Here are a few things expected to be included in the new offering:Bigger screen

It's almost a given that Apple will increase the iPhone's screen size.

Critics were quick to mock the relatively tiny 4-inch screen in the current
model, which is more than an inch smaller than Samsung's flagship Galaxy S5.

Apple has clearly taken complaints to heart and is believed to have expanded the
iPhone 6's screen by 1.5 inches. That's a serious jump in size!

However, it has been reported that a smaller 4.7-inch version could be available
to those who prefer things a little more portable.

iPhone 'leak' vid iOS 8

Not really so much of a rumour, but something that will be music to the ears of
iPhone lovers.

Apple has already announced the new operating system will allow us to share
music, books and apps.

Photos, video and documents will also be able to saved to iCloud and users will
also be able to keep track of their health with the new HealthKit app.

A much-needed improvement will also see a timer added to the camera and group
messaging will get a facelift.Sapphire screen

A main gripe of many iPhone users its fragility.

To combat the growing number of cracked screens, the company is believed to have
developed a synthetic sapphire, which is much more resilient than the current
glass used.

Sapphire was used for the camera lens and home button of the iPhone 5 and 5s
respectively so it would appear to be a logical step go whole hog with the new
screen.

Mobile shopping

iPhone 6 rumour round-up

This might not seem like anything particularly new, but it could actually
revolutionise the way we shop.

The 6's purported near field communication (NFC) capabilities, which allows
devices to connect wirelessly, could replace our wallets by allowing users to
pay goods with a quick phone swipe.

Apple is believed to be in talks with banks and credit card companies to push
the move forward.

What addition would you like to see on the iPhone 6?

iphone 6 rumors

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              446 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      August 6, 2014 Wednesday 2:09 PM GMT

Apple iPhone 6 release date 'confirmed' 10 days after September 9 unveiling;
Tech fans can finally breath a sigh of relief as the mobile phone giant pencils
in the date for 'media event' said to be a worldwide unveiling

BYLINE: By David Raven

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1011 words


iphone 6 rumors

Apple's iPhone 6 will be unveiled to the world on September 9 before going on
sale 10 days later, it is claimed.

The tech giant's bosses are notorious for keeping quiet about new gadgets but
have marked September 9 for a 'worldwide media event', according to recode.

Many Apple bloggers and insiders claim this will be the date the iPhone 6 will
be unveiled and if the company were to follow previous years, then the model
would go on sale 10 days later.

The new much-anticipated iPhone is expected to feature bigger screens of 4.7 and
5.5 inches.

New features on the next generation phone are said to include Near Field
Communications technology to allow contactless payments, a super-sturdy screen -
possibly made at least partially from Sapphire crystal, and a massively upgraded
camera.

Apple is planning an unprecedented production run, with manufacturers being
asked to assemble between 50 and 70m units before the phone's launch.

The tech firm is expected to make a second announcement later in the year
covering the iWatch, OSX Yosemite and new iPad and Mac hardware.

Apple has not commented on the rumoured launch date.Only 5.5inch model will pack
'128GB internal storage'

Reports from China claim only the larger iPhone 6 will have the more substantial
amount of internal space.

Apple Insider claims Chinese sources say only the supposed 5.5 inch device will
have 128GB storage - while its 4.7 inch counterpart will have just 64GB.

It has been reported online that both models will be released on the same day,
thought to be in September.New picture shows curved edges on 4.7in model

The iPhone 6 will include a curved glass screen if the latest leaked images are
anything to go by.

Tech website 9to5Mac posted the new pictures which were sent to them by blogger
Sonny Dickson.

On the picture, two glass covers of the latest Apple handset can be seen
side-by-side in both black and white.

The most notable difference from these designs and the mock-ups we've seen in
the past are the curved edges.

Now standing at 4.7inch display, it looks like the new model is set to be not
only bigger but rounder than ever before.Could leaked mockups differ from final
design?

The iPhone 6 will not look exactly like the mock-ups that have been leaked,
according to new reports.

Japanese website Nikkei is claiming that while there will be some similarities,
the final design will be different than what we've seen.

This is largely because low-quality materials are used to make the dummy models
to keep cost to a minimum during the early stages.

One alleged difference is that the handset that makes it to the shelves will
include a curved glass display.

This feature is ultimately better quality than flat displays which have been
seen in the leaked images.Highest resolution images revealed

The clearest images yet of  the iPhone 6  have been posted by an eBay user.

Through the high resolution shots of a black and silver handset more detail can
be seen than ever before.

There looks to have been some significant design changes, including the fact
that the power button has been moved to the side of the device.

It is rumoured from the images that Apple's new release will be thinner and
longer than any iPhone before it.New images of 'leaked iPhone 6 screen'

New 'leaked' images point towards Apple releasing their latest handset in two
different sizes.

Australian blogger Sonny Dickson has publicised pictures which show a ruler
measuring the screen of  an iPhone 6 .

It reaches a diagonal measurement of approximately 14cm which is 5.5inches when
converted.

While the full phone is not shown in the pictures, the LCD display component is
instead used.Could iOS 8 come with a barometer weather device?

The iPhone 6  may be able to track weather according to codes found within its
operating system.

Yet-to-be-released iOS 8 includes frameworks for a barometer, meaning it would
be able to predict the atmosphere around the device.

This would allow users to track the weather, altitude and air pressure wherever
they go.

The discovery was made by Apple-tracking website 9to5Mac which spotted multiple
references to the feature when analysing the operating system.

It was then tested by FutureTap developer Ortwin Gentz who tried to add the
information onto Apple's most recent handset, the iPhone 5s.The 5.5 inch model
and 'Sapphire Glass'

The  new iPhone 6  will allegedly feature Sapphire Glass - but only on the
larger model.

Apple  are rumoured  to be producing two different sized versions of the phone
at their launch this autumn however, only one of the devices will be using the
advanced screen.

The tech-giant's 5.5inch model will be kitted out with Sapphire Glass according
to suppliers.

Taiwanese supply chain insiders have said that the larger version is being
manufactured with the super strong material.

If used, the feature will ultimately make the phone resistant to scratches. This
will come in handy for those who buy the expanded version of the device and want
to store is safely.What does it look like next to HTC One M8?

This picture shows how the upcoming iPhone 6 measures up to the HTC One M8.

It appears to be another 'leaked' image of the new model, but this time the
handset is positioned next to their rival's and the iPhone 5.

The snaps seemingly confirm  that Apple's  latest release will have gained some
extra length as the phone evolves.

It is noticeably taller than its predecessor which was 4 inches when launched in
2012.How does it measure up to Samsung Galaxy S5?

This picture appears to show Apple's upcoming  iPhone 6  held next to the
Samsung Galaxy S5.

The image was posted by phone tech website GSM Arena and shows the S5's screen
looking slightly longer and considerably wider.

This is in line with other 'leaked' pictures which have claimed that the smaller
version of Apple's new phone will have a screen size of 4.7 inches - up from 4
inches on the iPhone 5.

The S5 has a screen size of 5.1 inches, but will be dwarfed by the bigger iPhone
6 - planned to be 5.5 inches - if rumours are to be believed.

Will Apple's iPhone 6 be the best phone out there?

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              447 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           November 27, 2014 Thursday

ET Review: Apple iPhone 6 & 6 Plus

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 1063 words


By Hitesh Bhagat

It's easy to see the iPhone's appeal. Apple was singlehandedly responsible in
shifting the market towards responsive touchscreen phones. They also made app
stores and after market accessories popular, creating multiple new markets along
the way. Each iPhone iteration along the line has seen tremendous success,
despite the odd hiccup or two (remember antenna-gate and the more recent
bendgate)?

First impressions

The iPhone has always stood for three key things: a beautiful design, seamlessly
integrated hardware and software and nearly limitless, highquality apps. Much of
the same tradition is carried forward here.

The phones are completely new from the inside out and both have been designed to
cater to the shift in preference for larger screens. As the quantity of content
we consume has increased, so have screen sizes. The iPhone 4 and 5 series now
look positively tiny in comparison.

At first glance, you'll notice the more rounded edges of the iPhone 6 and 6
Plus. They both have the exact same design but different screen sizes: 4.7-inch
for the 6 and 5.5-inch for the 6 plus. On the face of it, the iPhone 6 seems to
be logical choice for anyone upgrading from an existing iPhone while the 6 Plus
is designed to attract anyone who's already using a phablet sized device.

The screen curves lightly at all four edges - to meet the curve of the sides. On
the iPhone 6, it makes the device feel premium. On the 6 Plus, it just feels
slippery because of the larger dimensions. The 6 Plus also seems to have
unnecessarily large bezels and this makes it larger than other phones with
similar screen sizes.

We feel that the only glaring design flaw is the protruding camera lens at the
back. When placed flat on a surface without a case, the phone will rest on the
lens. It's probably bad for the lens in the long run (despite it being sapphire
glass - you don't a camera lens to be the first thing that makes contact with a
hard surface) and also makes the phone wobble when placed flat. It's almost as
if Apple designed it to be used only with a case.

Hardware

Odd as it may seem - the devices do not have identical specifications. The 6
Plus has a larger battery which is understandable given the larger size. But it
also has a higher resolution display (having the same resolution on both would
have made it easier on developers) and a better camera equipped with optical
image stabilisation.

The rest of the device is all aluminium and the unibody shape now does without
the chamfered edges. Apple never gives out detailed hardware specifications,
insisting that it's the experience that matters more than specs on paper. While
this is true for the most part, this feels like another Apple bastion (after
screen size) that is destined to fall with time. A lot of people buy a device
based solely on specs now.

Both new iPhones have a 1.4Ghz dual core A8 processor and 1GB RAM. This seems
like a far cry from the 2.5Ghz quad/octa core processors and 3GB RAM that many
of the other flagship phones have. To make up for this, the devices have much
more powerful PowerVR quad core graphics. Needless to say, you'll not be wanting
for performance because the combination of iOS 8 and optimised hardware results
in a very zippy device. The phone blazes through all the software benchmarks.
Specifically browser rendering benchmarks and 3D gaming.

\xA0

Software

Both devices are preloaded with iOS 8, which behaves slightly differently on
both. The first thing you'll notice is that the interface rotates into landscape
view on the 6 Plus. Recognising the larger size of the device/screen, Apple has
also included some tweaks that can help in onehanded use.

For example, Reachability can bring the top part of the screen down if you can't
reach something. Some of the other native apps (Mail, Calendar) have dual pane
views which can make better use of a larger screen. Apart of these things, iOS 8
will look and feel pretty similar if you're already using it on an older device.

Display

The iPhone 6 has a 4.7-inch screen (1334 x 750 pixels) while iPhone 6 Plus has a
5.5-inch screen (1920 x 1080 pixels). Apple also says that both phones have
retina-class displays: roughly 326 pixels per inch (ppi) on the iPhone 6 and 401
ppi on the iPhone 6 Plus. Look carefully and you'll still see individual pixels
on the 6. In comparison, Samsung's Galaxy Note 4 has a 5.7-inch display ( 2560 x
1440 pixels; 515 ppi).

Having said all that, both iPhones have a very pleasing display - brilliant,
accurate colours, excellent viewing angles and high levels of contrast. The 6
Plus still has the edge because of the higher resolution.

Camera

Strong camera performance is expected and the new iPhones will not disappoint.
The 6 Plus in particular has optical image stabilisation which compensates
effectively for camera shake. Apart from this, specs are similar: same sensor
size, same resolution (8MP), phase detection autofocus (being used in
smartphones for the second time - first was on Galaxy S5) and dual tone LED
flash. For video, the primary camera is capable of 1080p video at 60fps while
the front camera can do 720p video at 30fps.

The slow motion video is quite enticing - rear cameras on both phones can
capture 720p video at 240 frames per second. Try capturing a fire, falling water
or action sports in this mode.

As expected, daytime photos are stunning from both phones. The 6 Plus has the
obvious edge in low light thanks to OIS. There are very few cameras that can
stand up to the quality that the iPhone 6 Plus offers. Only thing is, we would
have liked to see 4K video recording and more options for exposure adjustment.

Also see

The reduced prices of the iPhone 5S have made it a very enticing buy for anyone
who thought it was too expensive earlier. For the iPhone 6, the obvious
competition would be Samsung's Galaxy Alpha. It's available for Rs 38,900 (only
one version, 32GB without memory expansion) and has the same size screen.

Other flagship 5-inch phones like the HTC One M8, Sony Xperia Z3 and Galaxy S5
also qualify as competition. For the iPhone 6 Plus, we think a worthy competitor
is the Galaxy Note 4. The Note 4 has a better camera overall, a higher
resolution screen, expandable memory, removable battery, a precise
pressure-sensitive stylus and many more features (heart rate monitor, IR
emitter, 4K video recording etc).

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              448 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            October 24, 2014 Friday

iPhone loses subsidies in China

BYLINE: Dai Tian

LENGTH: 542  words


Chinese telecom operators are reportedly cutting subsidies to Apple's iPhone
smartphones, reducing the US company's dependence on the carriers.

Tony Zhan, 32, holds up his new iPhone 6 Plus after it went on sale at the Apple
store in Pasadena, California September 19, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Chinese telecom operators are reportedly cutting subsidies to Apple's popular
iPhone smartphones, reducing the California company's dependence on the
carriers, says a senior telecom market analyst.

The major carriers in China, China Unicom, China Mobile and China Telecom will
reduce subsidies on the iPhone in part to improve financial performance as the
subsidies is not tax exempt, said James Yan, a senior analyst at IDC.

As Apple launched iPhone 6 on Chinese mainland on Oct 17, China Mobile, China
Unicom and China Telecom released their the pricing for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.
The telecom offered the phones on contract at about the same or even more than
Apple own retail stores.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus retail starting at 5,288 yuan ($860) and 6088 yuan
($994).

Telecom companies typically offer subsidized pricing for mobile phones to entice
customers to sign contracts. The company's recuperate the initial loss on the
sales price of the phone through the contract period, typically one to two
years. This time around, Chinese companies are opting to charge full price for
the phone and offer service bonuses to entice consumers.

China Mobile is offering customers the base iPhone 6 model for 5,288 yuan.
Customers will receive a balance bonus of as much as 3,264 yuan on a two-year
contract. That balance can be used towards cellular data plans, voice plans, and
other charges the user may incur. In comparison, China Unicom offers a different
plan with a package starting at 5,499 yuan. This plan allows the option of a one
to three year contract and includes a maximum balance bonus of 5,472 yuan. China
Telecom offers a two or three year contract with a useable balance that totals
the cost of the phone.

"China Mobile stopped offering a contracted iPhone for free in order to attract
customers," said Yan.

He added that China Unicom and China Telecom also have reduced the subsidies on
the iPhone 6 compared with earlier models.

The strategy evolves as Apple taps into a more high-end customer base in China.

"Its (Apple's) cooperation with major Chinese carriers will continue but the
tech giant will depend less on them," said Yan.

Apple was the sixth-largest smartphone vendor in China by volume during the
second quarter with a market share of nearly 7 percent, according to consultancy
Analysys International.

According to Yan, e-commerce has also played a big role in Apple's sales in
China. Yan estimates that 20 percent of the iPhone 6's sales came from online
shopping sites such as JD.com.

JD.com delivered the first batch of iPhone 6 within three hours of the official
launch in the Chinese mainland on Oct 17, New Express Daily reported.

"I'm thinking of buying a contracted iPhone 6 by the end of the year in the US,
because it will be much cheaper there," said Laura Fernandez, a student in
Uinersity of International Business and Economics in Beijing.

Apple unveils iPad Air 2 with Touch ID to secure Apple pay
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus launched in China

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              449 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                            October 26, 2012, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for week ending Oct. 26;
Already with The Date, magic morphing, dire warnings

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 2198 words


With iPhone 5 finally unveiled, it's already become old hat for the iOSphere.
After all, what's really new? Yes, it has a bigger screen, the CPU is more
powerful, it has LTE, and that cool diamond-cut chamfer.

But honestly, it looks so much like the iPhone 4S, which looks so much like the
iPhone 4. For some, it's evidence if not proof of the "death of innovation" at
Apple, the already-baneful legacy of bean-counter Tim Cook vs. visionary Steve
Jobs.

So to get a really delicious technical frisson, you need to look to the future,
and the iOSphere has already begun doing just that. Some of the rumor and
speculation from earlier this month.

__________ "Start planning to dazzle us, please. Nothing corporate. Something
freaking amazing."


~Chris Maxcer, at MacNewsWorld, advising Apple on the how to succeed in the
smartphone market.

__________ iPhone 6: The date It's "absurd" to think Apple will release iPhone 6
in early or mid-2013, a mere six to nine months after releasing iPhone 5. But
they might do it anyway.

The "both-and" formulation is typical of the iOSsphere, and evident in a post at
The iPhone6NewsBlog, which points out that past rumors predicting earlier
releases for Apple mobile products have proven groundless, not to mention
absurd. But when Apple unveiled a fourth-generation full-size iPad this month,
replacing the third-generation iPad announced in March, everyone felt cheated or
confused or dizzy with the potentialities.

"But for as much as rumors of Apple releasing new devices less than a year from
the most recent iteration's release might seem like pipe dreams, Apple's move to
release a fourth generation iPad along with its iPad mini this week should at
least give us some pause: Cupertino has now proven it is capable of doing it."

Cupertino is capable of doing anything.

"Why then would it be impossible to imagine that the next iPhone -- maybe not
the 6, but a refreshed iPhone 5S -- couldn't be released at the WWDC in June of
2013?"

The iOSphere has proven it's capable of imagining anything.

iPhone 6 will have a "magic morphing chassis" to hide "hideous blemishes"
TechRadar doubtless speaks for many in its outrage over how the iPhone 5's
"luxurious aluminum and glass chassis" is "interrupted" on the back by the
camera and flash and on the front with that "unsightly light sensor and
front-facing camera."

What idiot suggested giving the Apple design team a prestigious award?  But, as
TechRadar says, "[l]uckily it looks like the Cupertino-based firm may be about
to hide those hideous blemishes, if a new set of patents are to be understood
correctly."

Most of the accounts of Apple patents don't delve too deeply into either the
scientific details of Apple patents or the practical difficulties involved in
implementing them in mass market manufacturing processes. And many of the
accounts continue to assume, despite years of evidence to the contrary, that
Apple smartphone and tablet patents will show up in the next product release,
just months away. This is the Fantasy & Science Fiction section of Internet
rumoring.

The main patent in question involves technologies that create a "smart glass"
panel (or "magic morphing chassis" as TechRadar translates it) - an electric
current can make it change from opaque to transparent. Smartphone components,
such as a camera and flash, can be hidden by an opaque window and then made
visible by making the window transparent.

Although TechRadar implies that Apple will do this using a "polymer-dispersed
liquid crystal (PDLC) window," the text of the patent's abstract actually
mentions PDLC as one possible technology. The website doesn't explain what
polymer-dispersal liquid crystal actually is.

Wikipedia's explanation is that "liquid crystals are dissolved or dispersed into
a liquid polymer followed by solidification or curing of the polymer," causing
the crystals to form droplets randomly suspended in the solid polymer, which is
one of several layers in a smart window. The material is naturally translucent
until an electric current is applied, causing the liquid crystals to align, and
allowing light to pass through the glass.

Most applications so far have been for large glass panels in windows or
skylights. Display vendors, like Samsung in this demo at Consumer Electronics
Show 2011, are using it in windows that also double as large display screens. In
2005, Nissan unveiled its Micra CC car in London, encasing it in a glass box
made of 150 smartglass panels, which were programmed to change their
transparency. A YouTube video shows the display in action.

With the magic morphing stuff your iPhone 6 "will look like one continuous slab
of uninterrupted beauty," TechRadar assures us. You can see a preview of such a
slab, and the reaction by iPhone lovers, in this video clip.  TechRadar is
dazzled, but resignedly realistic. "This is some pretty serious, and awesome
sounding, technology right here, and while we'd love to see in on the iPhone 6
in 2013, the reality is that it's probably a few years off being commercially
viable."

iPhone 6: whatever it is, it better be "freaking amazing" And, oh yes:
"revolutionary."

"Hey Apple, Better Get Cracking on an Amazing iPhone 6," warns Chris Maxcer, at
MacNewsWorld.

Don't get him wrong. He loves the iPhone 5. Well, sort of. That's because the
iPhone 5 failed in one critical area: It didn't engender lust. "I want the
iPhone 5 and I'll appreciate the iPhone 5, but lust? No way. That's the critical
piece. Can Apple still create products that incite gadget lust?"

Maxcer doesn't have a list of features he wants in the Next iPhone so we don't
have to listen, yet again, to yet another ecstatic account of the 8th Wonder of
the Smartphone World, near field communications.

But he does have "long-term nagging doubts," he admits. And the doubts give
voice to questions, Big Questions. And lots of them: + "Can Apple re-imagine a
new smartphone?"

+ "Are we looking at a bleak future of incremental upgrades? Will the next
iPhone 6 come in 6 snazzy new colors? Will Apple try to offer new paint and
tires with the next version of the iPhone?"

+ "Apple created a world where people care about design, but can Apple continue
to be insanely great with the overall design of the iPhone?"

We feel for the guy, laboring under this immense burden of technoangst. He cries
out to Apple in his anguish.

"Just please don't confuse massive sales and happy customers for success because
you're treading close to the edge," he warns the world's most profitable, and
apparently, most unsuccessful company. "I get the impression that Steve Jobs
never confused massive commercial sales with success. Sales is not the end goal.
Sales is not success."

What is success? "Being the leader means creating products that delight, amaze,
and compel the world to pay attention," Maxcer counsels Apple. "Commercial sales
success is a byproduct of a great product. It's just one proof point, but that's
it, a proof point. Being the leader, no matter what the market numbers say,
means inciting desire, pure and simple."

The most wanted features for iPhone 6 Whatever it is, iPhone 6 can't come soon
enough to spare us six or nine or 12 months more of lists.

Far-rumoring bloggers like CNET's David Carnoy are already posting their lists
of the must-have, most wanted, most desirable, most cool features for iPhone 6.

And the lists look a lot like the lists before the iPhone 5 was released. And
before the iPhone 4S was released.

Like "biometric security," even though Carnoy undermines his own claim that this
is a "most wanted" feature by saying this is "hardly a must-have upgrade." But.
"[B]ut it would be cool to swipe with your finger -- instead of entering a
password -- to unlock your phone," he writes.

No list would be complete without near field communications, NFC, and it's on
Carnoy's list. "Apple Senior Vice President Phil Schiller said that it isn't
clear that NFC is a solution to any current problem," Carnoy notes. "That
doesn't mean that Apple won't go ahead later on and use it as a selling point
for a future iPhone." And that's true. Because in the future, there might be a
current problem to which NFC actually is a solution.

Storage. Can you ever have enough, really? "Most people think 64GB is enough,"
Carnoy admits grudgingly. "Still, some folks are itching for a 128GB version,
even if it would carry a price tag of over $500 (and maybe $600) with a
contract."

The other stuff on the must-have list include built-in inductive charging,
customizable widgets, "better performance" (which is something Apple has offered
on just about every iPhone, a wider screen ("a lot of people wanted Apple to go
wider and taller -- not just taller," Carnoy points out), and better battery
life ("Plenty of people would trade a slightly thicker phone for better battery
life," he declares).

Yet even with all these must-haves, we doubt Carnoy's iPhone 6 would meet
Maxcer's Freaking Amazing Standard (see previous).

iPhone 6 needs bigger screen sizes "Apple may need an iPhone 6 sooner rather
than later," CNET's Dan Farber argued earlier this month, just before the
announcement of the iPad mini.

That's because, he argues, competing device makers using Android or Windows 8 or
Windows Phone 8 will offer more choices, including smartphones with screen sizes
larger than the nearly-four-inch display of the iPhone 5.

For example, he notes, Samsung says it sold 20 million Galaxy S III smartphones,
with a 4.8-inch high-def display, in just over three months. The implication is
that if there was a 4.8-inch iPhone, some number of the Galaxy buyers would have
bought the iPhone instead.

"There is a payoff in offering a broader selection of mobile devices for Apple's
competitors" Farber says. "Google's Android platform dominates the market, with
more than 60 percent share, compared to less than 20 for Apple."

It's not clear how that fact actually translates into a "payoff" for the
specific Android-based phone manufacturers. As Farber notes, it's Apple alone
that's been reaping the vast majority of profits for the entire global
smartphone industry.

Farber, and many others, take the smaller-screened iPad mini as evidence that
Apple is changing its mind on offering mobile device options, and will do so for
the iPhone. And it certainly has done that for its long-running iPod line of
media players, creating a variety of sub-brands over the years.

The iPad mini is aimed at people who want an iPad with a smaller screen. Yet
Apple didn't enter the "7-inch tablet market," if there is such a thing. It's
offering a 7.9-inch tablet, a size apparently chosen with as much deliberation
and experimentation as the decision to offer the full-sized iPad at 9.7 inches.

Farber argues that "the popularity of larger screens has to be a factor that
impacts how long Apple can ride the iPhone 5."

"If the majority of smartphones sold in 2013 have larger than 4-inch screens,
Apple isn't going to miss the market opportunity by sticking too long with its
one-handed phone design," he says.

But it's not clear that Apple sees "market opportunity" the way Farber does. For
one thing, Apple isn't offering "smartphone choice." It's offering "the iPhone,"
a specific brand that to date, still seems to be the most popular single brand
(though the Samsung Galaxy S III, released in June, is at least closing in, in
terms of unit sales).

It's not entirely clear how, or even whether, Samsung and Apple "compete" in
smartphones. "The basis of competition is the aspect of an offering for which a
customer is willing to pay a premium price," according to independent analyst
Horace Dediu, in an August 2012 post at his Asymco blog. "It's hard to know (or
to put your finger on) what the basis actually is, but we can test whether it's
the same by measuring whether two products capture prices the same way. If one
product that seems to resemble another can obtain price advantage consistently,
then perhaps it's being bought for a different reason."

Didiu's numbers show the earlier Galaxy S models having some success in the
U.S., but not matching iPhone sales, or growing in overall sales volume. These
numbers were taken before the July 2012 introduction of the S III on U.S. mobile
networks.

Two other charts show the difference between iPhone prices and Android
smartphone prices. One shows that the unsubsidized prices for iPhone models have
been considerably higher than for the Galaxy S I and II models, and have
decreased at a much slower rate over time. The second chart compares "price
erosion" for the iPhone models and for a wide range of Android smartphones over
their first four quarters of sales: the Galaxy S models have much less erosion
than many other models, but all the Android phones show significantly greater
price erosion than the iPhones.

"Samsung's pattern is not unusual...," Dediu concludes. "Prices drop. It's a
standard industry phenomenon. Therefore the question is not perhaps what is
Samsung's basis of competition: it's the same as the overall phone industry. The
question is, what is the basis of competition for the iPhone."

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network World.

Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnww Email: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2012 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              450 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                      September 1, 2014 Monday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone 6 Latest Leak Shows Fake Video

BYLINE: Sanchari Banerjee, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 351  words


The wait will end in just a week but iPhone 6 and the leaking channels are not
at all tired with their activities.

Monday, September 01, 2014: There seems to be no end to iPhone 6 leaks this year
as every week there is something new for you. Even after the Cupertino firm's
official invitation for the 9 September event, here comes one more leak now. We
have gone through all kind of possible leaks for the device before.

Now a video has been released showing a fully functional 11.94-cm (4.7-inch)
iPhone 6 with evidence that the leaked device is not Apple made but has been
assembled with leaked parts. The video has been created by Feld & Volk, the
maker of Apple cases and accessories. The iPhone 6 is shown in silver colour and
it's connected to an iMac. The phone displays the 'Connect to iTunes' screen
after it gets booted.

But the user is unable to connect as the iMac shows a message that, "iTunes
could not contact the iPhone software update server because you are not
connected to the internet." The video also shows an iPhone 5s along with the
iPhone 6 as the previous one can successfully connect to the iTunes screen. The
Mac points out that the iPhone is not Apple made and has been put together from
leaked parts. Several inconsistencies could be spotted as the device is running
on iOS 7 and iOS 8, defying the expectations.

The website notes that the colour of the iTunes logo shown on the device's
'Connect to iTunes' screen in the video is blue and white, the colour of iOS 7.
iPhone 6 is awaited in iOS 8 where the iTunes logo is orange and white. A gear
icon also appears on the screen before showing the 'Connect to iTunes' screen
after being paired with the iMac. The design of the device, as shown in the
video, is in line with previous leaks.

In the past too, several iPhone leaks have been offered by Feld & Volk and it
seems that it has access to a limited edition of Apple parts. But all
speculations will come to an end by next week when the iPhone 6 is launched next
week, 9 September, finally. But, in the meantime, so more leaks are also
expected. So watch this space for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              451 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                    September 10, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6 vs Samsung Galaxy Alpha

LENGTH: 318  words


Apple has finally announced the Iphone 6 which comes with a 4.7-inch display.
The phone will be up against Apple's arch rival Samsung's recently launched
Galaxy Alpha, which essentially was Samsung's take on the metallic iPhone
models. In the Iphone 6, Apple has made some changes in the design language of
the iPhone and has added bigger display to give an edge to its phone over its
competitors.

Samsung's Alpha on the other hand is the company's first Smartphone to boast a
metal frame. It was designed keeping in view all the rumors of the new Iphone 6.
The Galaxy Alpha has a metallic body, iPhone's design and look, and will pose as
a perfect competitor of the iPhone 4.7 incher.

We compare the specs of the newly launched iPhone 6 with the Samsung's Galaxy
Alpha to know which one brings better specifications on paper.


Speci iPhone 6                                       Samsung Galaxy Alpha
ficat
ions
and
Featu
res
Displ 4.7-inch 1334 x 750 pixels Retina HD display   4.7-inch Super AMOLED
ay                                                   HD (1280720 pixels)
Proce Apple A8 chipset with 64-bit processor         Octa Core (Quad 1.8GHz
ssor                                                 + Quad 1.3GHz)
RAM   -                                              2GB
Memor 16/64/128GB                                    32GB (no microSD card
y                                                    slot)
Rear  8-megapixel iSight camera with 1.5 pixels      12-megapixel
camer
a
Front 2.1-megapixel                                  2.1-megapixel
camer
a
Camer True Tone flash, Five-element lens, Hybrid IR  Beauty Face, Dual
a     filter,Backside illumination sensor, Sapphire  Camera, HDR (High
featu crystal lens cover, auto image stabilization,  Dynamic Range),
res   auto HDR for photos, Panorama (up to 43        Panorama, Selective
      megapixels),Burst mode                         Focus, Shot & More,
                                                     Virtual Tour
Video 1080p @30 or 60 FPS, @240 FPS in slow motion   UHD 4K (38402160
Recor                                                pixels) @30fps
ding
Andro iOS 8                                          Android 4.4.4 KitKat
id OS
Addit Apple Pay, Fingerprint sensor                  Ultra Power Saving
ional                                                Mode, Private Mode,
featu                                                fingerprint scanner,
res                                                  heart rate scanner
Conne Wi-Fi, USB 2.0, NFC                            Bluetooth 4.0, Wi-Fi,
ctivi                                                USB 2.0, NFC
ty
Dimen 138.1676.9 mm/ 129grams                        132.465.56.7 mm/
sions                                                115grams
/Weig
ht

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              452 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                       March 28, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

4.7-inch and 5.5-inch iPhone 6 with Retina 2, fingerprint scanner coming in Q3
2014

LENGTH: 271  words


Apple could be taking the Legacy 2013 forward, with launch of two new iPhone 6
this year. The company last year launched one iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C (after
iPhone 5 in 2012) together, and could be going ahead establishing a new trend
for itself.

According to a report published in Techradar, (from Nikkei Japan) the Cupertino
company could bring the next iPhone in two sizes of 4.7 inch and 5.5 inch.

According to this news mass production of LCD display panels will start in Q2.
LG could also manufacture chips for LCD displays and fingerprint scanner. The
display could be higher than the current models.

Apple to make 12.85 inch iPad Pro to attack Galaxy Tab Pro 12.2

Breathtaking: Apple iPhone 6 pics emerge

A report published in Digitimes recently mentioned that "Foxconn Electronics is
expected to land orders for 90 million units of the iPhone 6 from Apple in 2014,
the Chinese-language Commercial Times cited data from Citigroup Global Markets
as indicating." Read- Apple iPhone 6 to launch in festive season this year, 90
million pieces ordered

This bit of information reveals quite a lot about the new models. These will
sport lcd panels, which mean they would be flat like the previous iPhone models.
The company will not release a flexible iPhone this year. Another important
thing is that the models will carry a fingerprint scanner, which we expected
will form a part of the upcoming ipHone models.

Also note that the display could be the Retina 2 type that might go for a
competition with the 2K display in Android phones.

The iPhone 6 is expected to launch this year during the year end festive season
in September/October.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              453 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                             July 9, 2013, Tuesday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending July 6;
Apple iPhone 6 scuttlebutt: Two-sided displays, glossy and cheap, processor
power

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 2208 words


The extended July 4 holiday put a bit of crimp in iPhone rumoring (and delayed
this Rollup) but not before the iOSpherefigured out a way for Apple to double
the size of the iPhone screen without making the phone any bigger.

"Just" add a second screen to the back.

Also this week: glossy iPhone bodies not only signal "cheap," they look it. And
following a signed deal with a Taiwan semiconductor alternative to Samsung, the
iOSphere is already anticipating the A8 microprocessor in 2014, even though
there's still no sign of the A7.

You read it here second.A __________ "The rear surface of the iPhone and similar
devices has long been wasted space, necessary simply to complete the housing but
offering no features beyond the rear camera lens. Doubling the screen to wrap
around to the back of the iPhone 6 would open up a world of possibilities,
allowing the entire touchscreen interface to be reimagined."

A A A A A A A A A A A ~ Phil Moore, StableyTimes, without apparently wondering
whether millions and millions of iPhone users would embrace the reimagining of
the entire touchscreen interface when they're pretty happy with the one they
have.

__________ A iPhone 6 will have a curved and two-sided display The Fourth Law of
Rumoring holds that the shallower the rumor the more convoluted is its genesis.

Phil Moore, at StableyTimes.com ("a new kind of news" and how), asks the obvious
question, in a post with the misleading headline "iPhone 6 will have a curved
and two-sided display."

[APPLE IPHONEYS: iPhone 6 & iPhone 5S edition] It's misleading because Apple
doesn't file "iPhone 6" patents. It files patents for inventions that might one
day appear on a smartphone ... or on a tablet, or a laptop. But none of the
patent filings that the iOSphere has actually covered has been for a specific
model iPhone.

The Obvious Question is: "If you're Apple and you've already delivered an iPhone
whose screen is as dense as the human eye can see, how do you top it?"

And Moore has an answer. "By delivering an iPhone 6 whose screen wraps around to
both sides of the device, if a patent application for a flexible display is to
be believed," he writes. "The filing calls for a curved body style most similar
to the mid generation iPod nano, where the entire front and rear faces are
contoured to meet each other at the edges, with no siding. The result is a
screen that's twice as large, and a world of possibilities."

A "world of possibilities." That means you can make up almost anything. Because,
you know, almost anything is possible.

One would think that Moore, or someone at StableyTimes would put in a link to
the relevant patent or at least to some other website that covered the patent.
But one would be wrong.

The phrase "if a patent application is to be believed" is odd to say the least.
Does Moore think Apple creates a dummy U.S.

government patent application? Or submits a real application for a fake
invention?

Since at least last fall, there have been multiple Apple patent applications for
a variety of screen technologies: flexible, curved, pressable, stressable...it's
a wonder Apple doesn't synthesize them into a display with the properties of
natural rubber: a large stretch ratio, high resilience, and extremely
waterproof.

There is for example, TheUnwiredView's September 2012 postingA on an Apple
patent application for flexible screens combined with "an array of piezoelectric
actuators below the display and activating them on demand for tactile feedback.
This way you have a perfectly smooth surface when you browse the net or read
your e-mail. Call up a keyboard, actuators pop up and now you can feel the
letters as you type."

Others: + March 28, 2013 PatentlyApple post, "Stunning Future iPhone with
Wraparound Display Revealed." Complete with a drawing of the stunning device
itself.

+ May 21, 2013 post at the same website, regarding a "Double-Sided Touch Panel
for iPhone." And nine days later, PatentlyApple posts about "Apple reveals new
Flex Screen Feature with Force Detection."

+ In March 2013, there was even news of a Microsoft patent application for a
"two-sided smartphone display system."

Moore never says from which source this latest rumor springs. And he doesn't
spend a lot of time contemplating the Endless Possibilities. He concentrates on
just one.

"The rear surface of the iPhone and similar devices has long been wasted space,
necessary simply to complete the housing but offering no features beyond the
rear camera lens," he observes. "Doubling the screen to wrap around to the back
of the iPhone 6 would open up a world of possibilities, allowing the entire
touchscreen interface to be reimagined."

Is a World of Possibilities the same or less than Endless Possibilities?
Whichever, it's a still a pretty short post overall given that the Possibilities
are, you know, a lot.

Moore does make one interesting point from a user interface perspective, and
it's the only point worth any attention. "The question would become, of course,
whether consumers would be inclined to flip the device back and forth in their
hand to take advantage of both sides of the screen," he writes. "But it would
allow for full screen video to play on one side of the device, for instance,
while text messages and notifications arrive on the other side. Simply pausing
the video and flipping the iPhone 6 over could be seen as more intuitive than
having to exit the video or work over top of it to interact with notifications
and messages in the current single-screen motif."

Try it with whatever smartphone you're carrying right now, and he's right: even
just pretending to watch a video in landscape mode, one can easily flip the
phone over to "see" a back display, showing an email or call. But Moore makes it
sound easier than, in all likelihood, it would prove to be: it would involve a
massive hardware redesign and probably some significant UI redesign as well. And
the hardware, and more specifically the display technology, would have to be
implemented in just as massively redesigned large-scale manufacturing systems
for Apple's contract suppliers and iPhone assemblers.

Moore, quite sensibly, notes the potential battery and heat impact of running
not one but two displays. Yet he doesn't ask how or even whether that problem
could be met with current battery technology. And he doesn't ask whether both
screens would be high-res Retina displays or whether the back one would be a
much lower resolution devoted to receiving and processing notifications and
alerts.

The 2013 or 2014 iPhones may have big changes. It just seems unlikely that
either year will be the Year of Seeing Double.

iPhone 5S or something will have glossy colors and be cheap French-language
website NowhereElse.com received photos that show just how glossy and bright one
can make a polycarbonate iPhone.

The website published photos showing, apparently, plastic-bodied iPhones in at
least five colors: a peachy-toned red, a yellowish peasoup green, a
dirty-looking white, bright blue and industrial-safety green. The photo has been
widely interpreted as showing the long-rumored "cheap iPhone."

The post by editor Steve Hemmerstoffer, via Google Translate, credits "our
little Chinese weasel" as the source, a translation which unintentionally
captures something of the essence of iPhone rumoring.

Perhaps Google actually meant "mole."

In any case, the little Chinese weasel provided a photo that shows phone "shells
allegedly designed for plastic iPhone...in many colors," Hemmerstoffer writes.
"Without giving us the formal proof that these shells are indeed intended to
equip the hypothetical low-cost iPhone, this new snapshot confirms that these
elements are now circulating in the number next to China."

But at almost the same time, Barron's Tiernan Ray bloggedA on an analysis by
stock analyst Steve Milunovich, of UBS, that questions whether the case for a
cheap iPhone is as obvious as many insist.

"If the high end [of the smartphone market] is slowing, the obvious answer is to
head to lower price points," Milunovich wrote.

"Although analysts are anxious for Apple to broaden the iPhone line, we think
the company has to be careful. Its brand cannot afford significant quality
dilution-- short-term gain could result in long-term pain. Management is very
aware of the risk as reflected by Tim Cook's comment that Apple is about making
the best products rather than the most."

He argues that the "right way" for Apple to dive to the bottom is "to set up a
separate brand and perhaps even a wholly- owned subsidiary."

And then he adds: "But we don't expect Apple to veer from its current strategy."
[Emphasis added] "The expected low-end' iPhone probably won't be priced below
$350-400," he explains. "Even at that level the gross margin could be near 30%
and become an example of the company's occasional willingness to accept lower
margins to penetrate a market, as CFO Peter Oppenheimer said recently. In Figure
9 we suggest that the $300-500 price range only will be 10% of the market in
2014. That still means millions of incremental buyers in emerging markets but
will not radically change Apple's market share."

Back to the weasel-supplied photos. Left unanswered, assuming these shells are
real, is what, exactly, they are: final products, prototypes at some stage in
the development process, or even mockups or test shells for one or another
future iPhone model?

Can these be taken as "proof" of the existence of plastic-bodied 2013 iPhone?

Hemmerstoffer seems to think the picture is part of a pattern that leads one to
answer "yes" but he does raise a caution.

"The shadow of a vulgar Chinese copy nevertheless still looms again over this
mysterious colorful iPhone," he writes.

When will the weasels learn to create elegant Chinese copies?

iPhone 6 will have Apple's A8 processor, made by TSMC According to Softpedia's
Filip Truta, Apple plans to launch iPhone 6 in 2014 with an A8 processor that
will be manufactured by TSMC instead of the long-time iPhone chip supplier
Samsung.

Truta bases his post, headlined "Apple Signs with TSMC for iPhone 6 A8' Chip
Production and Beyond," on a recent story in The Wall Street Journal. And not
only that, Truta also claims that Apple will release the iPhone 5S with the
as-yet-unannounced A7 chip "with enhanced capabilities."

"The A7 will be the last A-series chip made by Samsung, or so it is being
suggested by a Wall Street Journal report which takes a close look at the Korean
company's failing marriage with Apple," Truta explains helpfully.

The only problem is that, though the July 1A Journal articleA in question did
indeed take a close look at Apple's relationship with Samsung it didn't say
anything about the iPhone 5S or the iPhone 6. And in fact, the article
explicitly says "Despite the deal [with TSMC], Samsung will remain the primary
supplier through next year [2014], one of these executives said."

The thrust of the article is that Apple has finally signed a deal, after about
three years of talks, with Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. (TSMC) to
manufacture at least some of the Apple-designed A series processors, starting in
2014. Samsung has been the sole foundry for the chips since the advent of both
the iPhone and iPad. According to the Journal, "The process had been beset by
glitches preventing the [TSMC] chips from meeting Apple's speed and power
standards, TSMC officials said."

It is widely believed that the smartphone patent battles between Apple and
Samsung, and the growing success of Samsung's Galaxy S smartphone line has
soured the relationship and caused Apple to find alternative suppliers. But
there's no evidence cited to show that Apple has any real complaints about
Samsung's manufacturing, pricing, or delivery of key mobile components, which
come from business units entirely separate from the Korean company's smartphone
unit.

By contrast, there's a powerful incentive for Samsung to keep Apple happy as a
supplier, according to the Journal. "Apple's component orders from Samsung were
set to hit around $10 billion last year, says Mark Newman, an analyst at Sanford
Bernstein in Hong Kong. That represents a significant chunk of the 67.89
trillion won ($59.13 billion) Samsung posted in sales from its component
business, which includes chips and displays. The Apple processor, where Samsung
is currently the sole supplier, accounted for $5 billion of purchases in 2012,
he estimates."

TSMC's first chips for Apple, according to the Journal, will be on its advanced
20-nanometer silicon process, which promises greater performance, potentially
smaller physical size, and more efficient power use compared to the current
generation of A series processors, which variously use 32- and 45-nanometer.

If TSMC can bring the 20nm process up to large-scale volumes in the first half
of 2014, it might be possible to introduce those chips into mobile products
announced in the second half of that year. On the other hand, 32- and
28-nanometer variants of the A6 and the still unknown A7 might provide all the
processing power Apple needs through next year.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for "Network World."
Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwA Email: john_cox@nww.com Read more about
anti-malware in Network World's Anti-malware section.




LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              454 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                    September 25, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

"Bend-Gate": An Apple iPhone 6 Plus Feature That Is Troubling Users

BYLINE: Kamya Kandhari, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 272  words


The new iPhone 6 users have complained about the aluminium structure, that bends
upon notwithstanding the pressure arising from keeping the smartphone tucked in
the pockets for longer duration.

Thursday, September 25, 2014: It's been days now since Apple announced its
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus for the global customers. After the launch there were
mix reviews coming up from the users about the smartphones and the new iOS 8.
Now when many have got access to their iPhone 6 Plus, we came forth the new
theory of iPhone 6 bend-gate. Yes, you got that right! The new iPhone 6 Plus
bends!

It is not similar to the unique 'bendable' quality seen in the Samsung Galaxy
Round or LG G Flex, instead it's a defect that pertains on keeping the device in
pockets for longer duration. There were number of complaints regarding the
design flaw that affects the top-end area near the volume buttons. Several
reports revealed about the aluminum structure bends upon notwithstanding the
pressure arising from keeping the smartphone tucked in the pockets for longer
duration.

Some people took their complaints to the MacRumors forum while others showed
their frustration through the social networking sites.

Social networking sites are flooded with number of images depicting the design
flow in the new iPhone handsets. People have addressed the issue as bend-gate.

Here comes a piece of advice for all iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus users:

Make sure you pull out your device from your pockets before sitting or bending.
You can even safeguard your device with sturdier covers. As of now, there has
been no official statement regarding this issue from Apple.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              455 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

September springs crop of smartphones; Apple launched its long-awaited iPhone 6
this week, just a week after Samsung released its new Note 4. But they're not
the only players giving us new smartphones. Frankly, we're getting spoiled for
choice

BYLINE: Gillian Shaw, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: WEEKEND REVIEW; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 567 words


Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus


The newest iPhone comes in two versions, the 12-centimetre iPhone 6 and the 14cm
iPhone 6 Plus, which is inching toward a phablet. Is it time to upgrade? Well,
with Canada's new two-year contracts, consumers may be upgrading their phones
more often - and if you're still using a 4S or 5, you'll likely find the
improvements worthwhile. The unlocked Apple phones aren't cheap - starting at
$749 for a 16GB iPhone, all the way up to the top-of-the-line 128GB iPhone 6
Plus at $1079. Subsidies for a two-year contract drop that down to $265 and
$595. For that, you get a number of enhancements, besides the size differential,
over earlier iPhones.

A notable addition is near-field communication, a standard used in mobile
payments and one you might not notice until Apple brings its new Apple Pay to
Canada. The camera is key on all smartphones. The new iPhone's back-facing
camera is still eight megapixels, but the iPhone Plus has optical image
stabilization, not just the digital stabilization of the iPhone 6 and earlier
iPhones. It also has a better panorama, slow motion video of 120 frames per
second or 240 fps, compared to the 5S's 120 fps. It also has the ability to make
calls using Wi-Fi and switch mid-call to a cellular network if you leave your
home or office or Wi-Fi area - a feature not yet available in Canada, but it
would be useful if it gets here. Apple promises improved battery life and
depending on the phone you're using now, you may notice the improved screen
display - the 6 Plus has a 920 by 1080 resolution with 401 pixels per inch and
the iPhone 6 has a 1334 by 750 resolution and 326 ppi.

Nokia Lumia 830

While Apple was packing in the crowds in Cupertino, Calif., other companies were
showing offtheir latest products at the giant IFA consumer electronics show in
Berlin. Microsoft, which bought Nokia's devices business last spring, introduced
three new Windows phones. The Lumia 830, at 330 euros, is billed as an
affordable alternative to the pricey premium smartphones. That translates to
close to $500, so it's not cheap, although it's less than the $749 entry-level
iPhone 6. It has a 13cm 1280x720 screen with 1GB of RAM and 16GB of storage. The
10 megapixel back-facing camera has optical image stabilization, although the
front-camera is only 1MP.

Lumia 735 and Lumia 730 Dual SIM

Microsoft also introduced two phones that are identical in design with
differences in network connectivity. Like the Lumia 830, these run the latest
Windows Phone 8.1 operating system. The 735 works with LTE and thus is the one
more likely to show up in Canada. Both phones have a 12cm 720 display screen,
with only 8GB in storage although you can boost that by 128GB with a microSD
card. The rear-facing camera is a 6.7MP with Carl Zeiss optics and, in following
the trend in making it easier to take selfies, it has a 5MP wide-angle
front-facing camera.

HTC Desire 820

Another in the upsized smartphone market, the newly announced HTC Desire 820
matches the 14cm size of Apple iPhone 6 Plus and is the successor to the 816,
which is currently available on Amazon.ca around $580. At 720p, the screen
resolution isn't as high as the 6 Plus. The 820 has HTC's dual front-facing
BoomSound speakers, a microSD slot, a 13MP rear-facing camera and an 8MP
front-facing camera - again, it's all about the selfies.

gshaw@vancouversun.com vancouversun.com/digitallife

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Vancouver Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              456 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

New iPhones bend out of shape in back pockets

BYLINE: James Dean

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 268 words


Owners of the new iPhone 6 Plus have complained that the oversized smartphone
can bend out of shape if it is carried around in trouser pockets.

Some took to online forums, blogs and social media yesterday to post photographs
of warped handsets, which are the largest and thinnest smartphones that Apple
has ever made.

The iPhone 6 Plus, which costs between £619 and £789 without a contract, is the
bigger brother of the iPhone 6. Both models went on sale on Friday.

The apparent bending problem is not unique to the iPhone 6 Plus, however. Owners
of certain Samsung Galaxy, BlackBerry and Sony Xperia handsets have previously
reported problems, as have owners of iPhone 5 and iPhone 4 models. Apple did not
respond to requests for comment yesterday.

The hashtag "Bendgate" was trending on Twitter as disgruntled owners posted
pictures of warped phones.

Hanzoh, a member of the MacRumours forum, said that his iPhone 6 Plus bent out
of shape after he drove to a wedding and back with the handset in his trouser
pocket.

The issue prompted Lewis Hilsenteger, of Unbox Therapy, a YouTube consumer
products channel, to post a video of him bending an iPhone 6 Plus by hand. The
video had more than six million views last night.

"Not necessarily the piece of information that you guys want to receive as
brand-new owners of this device," Mr Hilsenteger said. "This is a huge piece of
aluminium and we all know that aluminium is incredibly malleable - but now we
have actual evidence on camera, not just a picture of a bent phone."

He later tested a comparably sized Samsung Galaxy Note 3 and was unable to do
any lasting damage.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A video posted on YouTube shows a user bending an iPhone 6 Plus

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIMscot


                    Copyright 2014 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              457 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      September 5, 2014 Friday 2:38 PM GMT

iPhone 6 launch: How to watch Apple's release event live online;
Apple will launch the iPhone 6 on Tuesday next week. Here's everything you need
to know about the new phone and how to watch the event live

BYLINE: By Mikey Smith

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1018 words


Next Tuesday will see Apple's biggest launch event of the year finally roll
around, with the release of the iPhone 6.

It's thought the new iPhone will come in two sizes, and have a fresh slimline
look.

There have been rumours the tech giant is also expected to launch its first
wearable device - the iWatch.

There's also talk that they're working with Mastercard, Visa and American
Express to launch a contactless payment system that would allow users to link
their credit card to their devices.

But the only way to find out for sure is to follow the keynote in Cupertino,
California, where Apple has its headquarters.

As usual, the big event will be broadcast live online. Here's all the
information we have on the new iPhone, and details of how you can watch the
launch event as it happens.What can we expect to see at the keynote?

Everyone's fairly certain that Apple are going to launch the two iPhone 6 models
at Tuesday's event - but could they have a few surprises up their sleeves?

The cryptic invitations sent out to journalists last week carried the enigmatic
phrase "Wish we could say more."

This phrase could be taken in a number of ways - but many see it as a reference
to there being a few things kept under wraps. Most people now believe this will
be the revelation of a wearable device - the iWatch.

There's also speculation it could refer to improvements to Apple's voice command
system - Siri - or increased battery life.

The other big surprise being kept under wraps is the three story structure being
built by Apple near the Flint centre. Nobody knows what's underneath the big
white box, but most believe it's a hands-on centre for journalists to have a go
on their new device.

Aside from that, the keynote's bound to see contributions from CEO Tim Cook,
Senior Vice Presidents Craig Federighi, Eddy Cue and Phil Schiller.

Design chief Jony Ive, who is in charge of the look and feel of both Apple's
hardware and iOS software, doesn't do the stage show, but he's bound to show up
in a few videos with his hypnotic, whispery English voice.When will the iPhone 6
launch be?

Apple will unveil the iPhone 6 on Tuesday, September 9th, at a major event in
the tech giant's home town of Cupertino.

They're holding the event at the Flint Centre for the Performing Arts, the venue
they used to launch the original Mac computer and the iPhone 5.

It's the first time in years that Apple have held an event at the Flint Centre -
they usually unveil hardware and software at San Francisco's Yerba Buena Centre
or at their own 'Town Hall' venue at their headquarters.

But the Flint Centre has a much higher capacity - approximately 2,405 seats -
than those other venues, suggesting Apple is looking to launch its new products
with a larger than usual bang.

The event kicks off at 10am California time, which works out to 6pm UK time.How
can I watch the event online?

The keynote speeches at Apple's big launch events are broadcast online by Apple.
You'll be able to watch the speech through the iTunes app on any iPhone, iPad or
iPod Touch.

There'll also be a special event app icon appearing on the home screen of Apple
TV devices on the day of the keynote.

It'll also be streamed on Apple.com, though previous events have been restricted
so they're only viewable using Apple's Safari web browser.

You can also follow all the events with the latest information and commentary
with our full live coverage.What will the iPhone 6 look like?

The iPhone 6 is expected to have a more rounded body than the 5S - with a design
that harks back to the original first-generation iPhone.

A video has been released online which claims to show an entire iPhone 6
constructed from parts leaked from the production line.

iPhone 6 cobbled together from leaked factory parts

An alleged leaked schematic suggested the new phone will be 7mm thick - and the
4.7" model has a codename of N56.What new features can we expect?

The  iPhone  6 will feature a new super-fast WiFi chip and an improved Touch ID
fingerprint sensor, according to reports.

It will also feature  Apple's  next generation A8 processor, which should give
the  smartphone  a huge performance boost, according to tech website Venture
Beat

Apple's new device is also expected to have a vastly improved camera, with a
13-megapixel sensor provided by Sony .

There's also speculation that the phone's new Lightning connector cable will
work either way up - at both ends.

The iPhone 5's cable was Apple's first charging cable that would work regardless
of which way round you put it in - and it's thought they've come up with a
solution for how to make the USB end reversible too.

The new screen - on the 4.7" version, at least - is thought to have a higher
resolution than previous models.

The Retina screen on the current iPhone 5S has a density of 10.5 pixels per mm.
The 1704x960 display suggested by Feld & Volk would be a much sharper 16 pixels
per mm.            Will it have Sapphire glass?

The inclusion of Sapphire glass on the iPhone 6 has been the subject of
speculation ever since a video purporting to be the phone's screen appeared on
YouTube.

leaked iphone display

Analysts have inspected Apple's supply chain and say it's unlikely that all of
the phone's unprecedented production run will feature the near-indestructible
crystal displays.

But it has been suggested that a more expensive "premium" model could have the
super-sturdy glass from launch.

Would you be put off buying an iPhone 6 if it didn't have sapphire glass?How
much will it cost?

Apple's pricing is usually kept fairly well under wraps - you can never tell
when they're going to pull a surprise price drop.

But if we base it on last year's pricing, the model with the smallest capacity
(16GB for the 5S) will cost £549, the next up (32GB) £629 and the biggest
storage (64GB) £709.

If Apple upgrade the maximum storage to 128GB as is rumoured, it's likely
they'll make the minimum amount 32GB.

That's all based on the current screen size - we're expecting the price to shoot
up for the 5.5" version, perhaps even more for the "premium" version with
Sapphire glass.

Will you get the iPhone on launch day?

iphone 6 rumors

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              458 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                     September 19, 2014 Friday 6:30 PM GMT

Apple fans get their hands on the new iPhone product - was it worth the
three-day wait in the queue?;
Some iPhone users were so keep to be the first to get the latest device from
Apple that they waited in queues overnight

BYLINE: By Alison Sanders

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 508 words


One of the first people in Britain to get their hands on the new iPhone said the
three-day queue outside the store was "worth the wait".

Self-employed Andy Walford, who travelled from Powys on Tuesday queued for three
nights in the Bullring, Birmingham to be first in line to get his hands on the
new iPhone 6.

The US company announced the new devices to much fanfare at a highly anticipated
event in California last week.

Many fans have been so keen to get their hands in the product they've been
queuing outside Apple stores for days in anticipation - among them Mr Walford.

He said: "I'm going to go home, have a shower, get some sleep and then play with
my iPhone. A friend is coming to give me a lift home.

"The last night was the hardest, I think because of the excitement. I got here
at 11am on Tuesday, My partner turned up on Wednesday which was a nice surprise
as I wasn't expecting her.

"It's the second time in a row I've been first in the queue. People say it's
crazy, but I've got a result and that's the result I came here for, I might see
you again next year."

iPhone quiz: Reckon you're a gadget guru? Test your knowledge of all things
iPhone

Dozens also queued outside Apple's shop in St David's Shopping Centre in
Cardiff.

Among them was Ramzan Iqbal, 45, from Pontypridd. He said: "I just want a new
iPhone, that's all. It just a thing I do, I normally try to get the new iPhones
on the launch day.

"It's just going to be a much more powerful device. Apple always makes really
good phones. The user experience is normally really good, so hopefully it's
going to be as good as they say it will."

Mike Nelson, 34, from Cardiff, said there was an element of wanting to be the
first to have the product.

He said: "I'm getting the small one, I don't really like the big one, I'd like
to keep the smaller size, the big one is practically an iPad.

"I don't have any expectations for it really, so I'm probably just spending
money on something that's no better than what I've already got.

"The things I like about the iPhone is it's convenience, it's easy to use,
iMessage, and most of my friends have got an iPhone, so it's easy to stay
connected."

Apple iPhone 6 fans queue through the night in Cardiff to buy the new phone

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are available in 10 countries from today,
including the UK, the US, Australia and Singapore, and a further 20 next Friday.

Both handsets will be available in new sizes for the first time, with the iPhone
6 offering a 4.7in screen, while the 6 Plus boasts the biggest screen Apple has
ever produced for a smartphone at 5.5in.

Network operator EE said it will ensure that customers who pre-ordered new
handsets through Phones 4u, which went into administration on Sunday, would
still be able to get them in its stores.

A spokesman said: "All across the country we have set aside iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus handsets, enough for Phones 4u customers who pre-ordered iPhones on EE
through Phones 4u.

"If they go into EE stores and show their pre-order receipts they will be able
to claim one of the devices."

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              459 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                     September 19, 2014 Friday 6:30 PM GMT

Apple fans get their hands on the new iPhone product - was it worth the
three-day wait in the queue?;
Some iPhone users were so keep to be the first to get the latest device from
Apple that they waited in queues overnight

BYLINE: By Alison Sanders

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 508 words


One of the first people in Britain to get their hands on the new iPhone said the
three-day queue outside the store was "worth the wait".

Self-employed Andy Walford, who travelled from Powys on Tuesday queued for three
nights in the Bullring, Birmingham to be first in line to get his hands on the
new iPhone 6.

The US company announced the new devices to much fanfare at a highly anticipated
event in California last week.

Many fans have been so keen to get their hands in the product they've been
queuing outside Apple stores for days in anticipation - among them Mr Walford.

He said: "I'm going to go home, have a shower, get some sleep and then play with
my iPhone. A friend is coming to give me a lift home.

"The last night was the hardest, I think because of the excitement. I got here
at 11am on Tuesday, My partner turned up on Wednesday which was a nice surprise
as I wasn't expecting her.

"It's the second time in a row I've been first in the queue. People say it's
crazy, but I've got a result and that's the result I came here for, I might see
you again next year."

iPhone quiz: Reckon you're a gadget guru? Test your knowledge of all things
iPhone

Dozens also queued outside Apple's shop in St David's Shopping Centre in
Cardiff.

Among them was Ramzan Iqbal, 45, from Pontypridd. He said: "I just want a new
iPhone, that's all. It just a thing I do, I normally try to get the new iPhones
on the launch day.

"It's just going to be a much more powerful device. Apple always makes really
good phones. The user experience is normally really good, so hopefully it's
going to be as good as they say it will."

Mike Nelson, 34, from Cardiff, said there was an element of wanting to be the
first to have the product.

He said: "I'm getting the small one, I don't really like the big one, I'd like
to keep the smaller size, the big one is practically an iPad.

"I don't have any expectations for it really, so I'm probably just spending
money on something that's no better than what I've already got.

"The things I like about the iPhone is it's convenience, it's easy to use,
iMessage, and most of my friends have got an iPhone, so it's easy to stay
connected."

Apple iPhone 6 fans queue through the night in Cardiff to buy the new phone

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are available in 10 countries from today,
including the UK, the US, Australia and Singapore, and a further 20 next Friday.

Both handsets will be available in new sizes for the first time, with the iPhone
6 offering a 4.7in screen, while the 6 Plus boasts the biggest screen Apple has
ever produced for a smartphone at 5.5in.

Network operator EE said it will ensure that customers who pre-ordered new
handsets through Phones 4u, which went into administration on Sunday, would
still be able to get them in its stores.

A spokesman said: "All across the country we have set aside iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus handsets, enough for Phones 4u customers who pre-ordered iPhones on EE
through Phones 4u.

"If they go into EE stores and show their pre-order receipts they will be able
to claim one of the devices."

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              460 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                       October 3, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6 starts selling in India unofficially, 16GB model priced at above
INR 56K

LENGTH: 271  words


Apple is yet to find a date to launch its latest Iphone 6 and Iphone 6 Plus in
India, but that does not stops sellers from selling the device. The handset has
been spotted at multiple online stores today at price points above INR 56K.

[NOTE: Apple is yet to make an official announcement on availability of iPhone 6
and 6 Plus in India. Prices will be announced at the time of this announcement.
DailyBhaksar.com  advises you to wait for Apple to make these available at
authorized Apple resellers and retail stores and does not recommend you to buy
the handset today.]

At ShopClues the 16 GB model is priced at INR 59,999. The store gives a shipping
date when you enter the pin number. But it does mention "actual delivery time
may vary based on product availability with the selling merchant, shipping
address, and courier or any other delivery issues." Check here.

On eBay the handset was spotted before the launch in September. Today you can
find multiple posts on eBay where sellers are selling iPhone 6 and 6 Plus at
varying price points.  The 16 GB iPhone 6 4.7 inch is available at INR 56K, 64
GB is available at INR 67,400. The iPhone 6 Plus 64GB is at INR 92,250 and
128GB is available at INR 96,000. We have mentioned prices of only a few sellers
here, but you could find a dozen on listings on the eBay webpage. Check here.

Spice Mobile retail Saholic and Infibeam has listed the handset as coming soon.

At snapdeal too we spotted the new iPhone 6 16 GB variant at INR 63, 999.

On Rediff shopping there were three sellers with iPhone 6 priced at above INR
68000.

The Mobile Store too is selling iPhone 6 today at INR 65,000.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              461 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      January 26, 2016 Tuesday 6:06 PM GMT

Apple iPhone sales projected to be stagnant for Q1 2016;
Analysts predict slowest-ever iPhone sales growth of just 1% in the first three
months of its financial year, down from 46% same quarter in 2015

BYLINE: Alex Hern and agencies

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 605 words


Apple is expected to report its slowest-ever iPhone sales growth on Tuesday,
when it announces its earnings for the first quarter of its 2015/16 financial
year.

Analyst estimates suggest that year-on-year growth in iPhone sales will come in
at just over 1%. That's a far cry from this time in 2015, when the iPhone grew
46% year-on-year.

Although the iPhones 6S boasted record weekend sales when they launched in
September, their record-breaking streak hasn't lasted, and they now look likely
to sell in similar numbers as their popular predecessors - which would be a
still-astronomical 74.5m units.

The reason for the slowdown in growth is unclear. Some analysts attribute the
stagnant demand to the fact that the newest iPhones have fewer distinguishing
features than their popular predecessors, causing some proportion of buyers to
skip a generation in the hope of a more substantial upgrade with the iPhone 7,
expected to arrive in September 2016.

Others point to the general slowdown in smartphone sales worldwide. Gartner
figures from August show that worldwide smartphone in the second quarter of 2015
hit 329m, up from 290m the same quarter in 2014. That increase of 13.5% year on
year was the slowest growth rate since 2013, Gartner reported.

The iPhones 6 also received a particular boost from being the company's first
over-sized phones, tempting some switchers from Android, particularly in Asia,
who had previously lapped up phablets from players such as Samsung Electronics.

"Apple has become a victim of its own success as the blockbuster iPhone 6
product cycle was hard to replicate with many customers either buying an older,
cheaper iPhone 6 or waiting for the iPhone 7," FBR Capital Markets analyst
Daniel Ives said.

China, the company's fastest-growing market, may also have weighed on
first-quarter results, as a slowdown in the country's economy forced consumers
to tighten their purse strings.

To make matters worse, Apple is expected to forecast a drop in iPhone sales for
the second quarter of its 2015/16 financial year - the first time that sales
will fall since the iPhone was launched in 2007.

This was foreshadowed by disappointing second-quarter forecasts from the
company's Asian suppliers such as TSMC and Largan Precision Co.

Analysts said the company will have to wait until the launch of the iPhone 7 to
return to growth, as buyers upgrade to the latest version. But despite not
actually existing yet, that phone is already causing controversy thanks to a
rumour that the company will not include a 3.5mm headphone jack on the device,
forcing customers to switch to wireless headphones or iPhone-only headphones
using the proprietary lightning.

Alongside the rumours about the iPhone 7, other users are holding out for a
hypothetical smaller iPhone, repurposing the 4-inch screen from the iPhones 5
with some of the faster internals from the iPhones 6. The new phone, which is
said to be called the "iPhone 5se", would fit two niches at once, serving both
those users who currently buy budget devices such as the iPhone 5c, and those
for whom the iPhones 6 are too large for comfortable use.

Apple shares closed down 1.98% at $99.41 on Monday. They have fallen nearly 10%
since the start of October, steeper than a 2.2% decline in the S&P 500 index.

Out of the 50 brokerages that cover Apple, 43 have a "buy" or higher rating on
the stock. Their median 12-month price target is $141.50. According to the Wall
Street Journal, the company is currently trading at an 8.1x multiple of forward
earnings, lower than almost every one of its competitors: Microsoft is at 17.0x,
Google at 20.7x, and Facebook at 37.4x.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              462 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Business Times Singapore

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

Time for prodigal fan to return to Apple?;
New offerings may just help firm reclaim those on Android's side now

BYLINE: Joyce Hooi

SECTION: TOP STORIES

LENGTH: 564 words


Singapore

AS iPhone mania returned to Singapore on Friday, Apple's new jumbo-sized
offerings might just help it to reclaim consumers who had gone over to the
Android side in order to satisfy their large-screen cravings.

Now that the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus are available, the
jettisoning of other smartphones appears to have begun. Last week, trade-ins of
Samsung phones tripled week on week at US-based smartphone reseller Gazelle Inc,
according to reports. In Singapore, a redistribution of power from Android-based
handsets to iPhones is also likely to play out in similar fashion. "Old Apple
fans will return to the fold now that the phone screen sizes have caught up,"
said Clement Teo, a senior analyst at research firm Forrester.

Apple also has the advantage of timing. Said Ryan Huang, market strategist at
brokerage IG: "Another boost for Apple's market share is its earlier launch.
Despite an earlier unveiling of Samsung Note 4, Singapore is not likely to get
the handset before mid-October, giving Apple a one-month headstart."

The enthralment with the Cupertino firm's creations has not worn off here if the
figures are anything to go by. SingTel did not reveal how many registrations of
interest it received this year, but it said that more than 50,000 customers
tried to book an appointment to buy the new iPhones after getting through the
registration of interest phase. This implies a more enthusiastic response to the
handsets compared to last year when SingTel saw fewer than 40,000 registrations
of interest for the iPhone 5c and 5s. Even so, a record 68,000 people had
registered their interest for the iPhone 5 in the year before that.

The iPhone 6 Plus is sold out across all three telcos but gauging its popularity
relative to the smaller iPhone 6 is difficult, given how the supply of the
former is smaller worldwide, The Business Times understands. But even as
authentic fan frenzy was on display with arguments erupting at some resellers'
outlets here, this year's iPhone turnout had a distinctly scalper undertone.

By Friday afternoon, the new handsets were already listed for sale online, with
profiteers asking for about S$1,500 for an iPhone 6. Elsewhere, the iPhones'
delayed launch in China also created a scalping opportunity, with buyers
snapping up handsets in Sydney in order to resell them on the mainland.

Globally, the new iPhones are expected to outdo their predecessors yet again.
Apple took in more than four million pre-orders for the handsets in the first 24
hours of their launch last week - twice the number received for the iPhone 5 two
years ago. And while first-weekend sales for the iPhone 5s and 5c broke the
nine-million mark, analysts expect that those for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
will hit 10 million units.

Apple's annual product bonanza has also become a re-pricing opportunity for
telcos here. All three players rolled out increases in mobile subscription rates
for new or recontracting customers ranging from S$2 to S$5 a month in the weeks
leading up to the sale of the iPhones. Even so, these phones tend to cost telcos
dearly in terms of handset subsidies, which can, "weigh a bit on telco expenses
for the quarter", said IG's Mr Huang. "This is likely to put a lid on any
earnings upside in the near term, but over the longer term, we should start to
see the price hikes help provide a good lift."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              463 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                           October 28, 2015 Wednesday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Apple Earnings Top As China Demand For iPhones Strong; Holiday Forecast
Cautious; But analysts are relieved that revenue guidance wasn't more
conservative

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: FRONT PAGE NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 589 words


Apple late Tuesday beat Wall Street's earnings and sales targets as China
revenue nearly doubled. The iPhone maker gave conservative revenue guidance, as
usual, but it was only slightly below what analysts expected.

Apple earned $1.96 a share on sales of $51.5 billion, for the fiscal fourth
quarter ended Sept. 26. Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters expected Apple to
earn $1.88 a share on sales of $51.1 billion. On a year-over-year basis,
earnings per share were up 38%, and sales were up 22%. Those were the smallest
gains in a year.

No China Slowdown

Apple got a big boost from Greater China where its sales rose 99% year over year
to $12.5 billion, helped by strong iPhone demand. CEO Tim Cook said Apple is
seeing no signs of a slowdown in China.

Meanwhile in the Americas, sales rose 10% to $21.77 billion.

Apple stock climbed as much as 3% in late trading, but reversed to fall a
fraction. During the regular session, shares fell 0.6% to 114.55.

Through Tuesday's close, Apple stock is up 3.8% year to date. But it's down from
its 2015 high of 134.54 reached on April 28.

Apple's gross profit margin was 39.9%, which came in above the 39% expected by
Wall Street.

It sold 48 million iPhones last quarter, in line with estimates.

For the December quarter, Apple projected sales of $75.5 billion to $77.5
billion, or $76.5 billion at the midpoint. It forecast a gross profit margin of
39%-40%.

Wall Street had been modeling for EPS of $3.22 a share, up 5%, on sales of
$77.17 billion, up 3%.

"Given the negative expectations, we think their December quarter guide, which
implies about 3% year-over-year revenue growth, will be perceived positively
given rather difficult compares they had," RBC Capital Markets analyst Amit
Daryanani said in a note.

Drexel Hamilton analyst Brian White said Apple's fiscal Q1 guidance provides a
"healthy" outlook, noting the company's "trademark conservatism."

First iPhone Sales Drop?

Investors have been worried about the December quarter because it faces tough
comparisons to last year's monster iPhone 6 upgrade cycle. The iPhone 6
unleashed a wave of pent-up demand for larger-screen iPhones. If the iPhone 6 S
underperforms, it could lead to the first year-over-year decline in iPhone unit
sales.

Wall Street has been modeling for about 75 million iPhone units to be sold in
the holiday quarter vs. a 74.5 million a year earlier.

Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster said Apple's guidance seems to imply
"flattish" iPhone sales of 74 million to 76 million units.

"We view this as a relief given investors were bracing for the start of the 6 S
cycle to be down meaningfully (down 5% to 8%)," he said in a report.

Apple's Q4 results includes just two days of sales of the iPhone 6 S and 6 S
Plus handsets. Apple started selling the iPhone 6 S phones in 12 markets,
including the U.S. and China, on Sept. 25. It opened preorders for the
ninth-generation iPhone on Sept. 12.

The iPhone 6 S phones feature a pressure-sensitive display, a faster processor,
improved cameras and the Live Photos feature that adds motion to still pictures.

The iPhone accounted for 62.5% of Apple's Q4 revenue.

The No. 2 business is Mac computers, accounting for 13.4% of sales. Apple sold
5.7 million Macs, up 3% vs. a year earlier.

But iPad sales dived 20% to 9.9 million, the lowest since 2011.

FBR analyst Daniel Ives described the fiscal Q4 report as "better than feared."

"The Street was fearing a soft guidance and instead got a good December outlook,
which should help turn the tide positive heading into 2016," he wrote in a note.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              464 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Apple unveils new phones, watch

BYLINE: ERIC JOU in Cupertino

SECTION: AMERICAS

LENGTH: 1055 words


Technology giant Apple Computers announced at a press event in Cupertino,
California today three new products: two new iterations of their iPhone
smartphones, the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus, and Apple's first foray into to
the wearable market - the Apple Watch.

Describing it as the "the next chapter in Apple's story", Apple CEO Tim Cook
introduced the Apple Watch to a standing ovation from invited guests and tech
media.

"What we didn't do was take the iPhone and shrink it and strap it to your
wrist," said Cook.

The new Apple Watch is a square screened device with a sapphire display that
provides haptic, or skin-contact, feedback. The watch has sensors on its back to
monitor heart rate. The focus of the watch - with so many health and fitness
features built in - appears to be health oriented.

The new Apple Watches come in two sizes and three basic models: stainless steel,
an aluminum-cased sport model and a high-end 18-karat gold version, all with a
selection of interchangeable bands.

The watches, which require the use of an iPhone, support apps that include
Chinese messaging app QQ messenger and micro-blogging app Sina Weibo.

The invitation-only event was held in the Flint Center for the Performing Arts
in Cupertino, a throwback to the venue where Apple first launched the Macintosh
computer 30 years ago and the same stage where the iMac was launched.

"It is great to be back to the Flint Center, down the road from the Apple home
center," said Cook. "We had some of the most important apple products on this
stage"

In lieu of the normal announcements of updates happening in the Mac World, Cook
moved directly into the meat of the conference, talking about the iPhone.

"Today we are launching the biggest advancement in the history of iPhone," he
said. "I couldn't be more excited and more proud to show it to you now."

Apple senior vice-president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller took to the
stage to introduce the new smartphones - the 4.7-inch screen iPhone 6 and the
5.5-inch screen iPhone 6 Plus.

Both sport a myriad of technology upgrades, from faster WiFi to faster LTE
cellular connections. Both phones will launch with the new iOS 8 operating
system. (Software updates will go out to older iPhones (the 4S and later) on
September 17.)

The new phones come with what Apple calls Retina HD, an upgrade to their current
Retina display technology, the 6 supports up to 1 million pixels and the 6-plus
up to 2 million pixels.

The new phones are also thinner. On the new 6 Plus, apps can be used in
Horizontal views.

Previously, the late Apple CEO Steve Jobs made comments about bigger-sized
phones having issues in terms of use, as in being difficult to use with one
hand. Apple's move to bigger displays is seen as emulating what Android makers
such as Samsung and HTC have already done.

Beyond the displays, Apple has put out a new 64-bit chip, the A8, the second
generation, which promises to be 25 percent faster in CPU use and 50 percent
better in graphics processing. This new processing power is supposedly better in
terms of power use. The new iPhones will have better battery life than the
iPhone 5S, the company says.

To show off the power of the new phone, Apple brought Super Evil Megacorp
co-founder and chief creative officer Stephan Sherman on to the stage to show
off their new Massive Online Battle Arena game VainGlory.

The new iPhone will make standard calls from Wifi to Cellular. Schiller said the
technology allowed users to talk on Wifi and then transition seamlessly into
cellular voice.

The upgrade to the iPhones' camera isn't much on paper, but Apple claims the new
iPhone 6's have censors comparable to popular DSLR cameras. As for video, the
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will take 1080p video at 60 frames per-second and slo-mo
videos at 240 fps. Apple has also included time-lapse functions.

Along with the new iPhones, Apple is pushing a new Apple Pay mobile payment
system.

"It's so easy to lose your card or have it compromised, it's no wonder that
people have dreamed of replacing these for years, but they've all failed," said
Tim Cook. "We love this kind of problem, this is exactly what Apple does best,
and so we created an entirely new payment process and we call it Apple Pay."

Eddy Cue, Apple's senior vice-president of internet software and services,
talked about the security of Apple Pay. Credit and debit cards uploaded to the
iPhone are iPhone only. Credit card information isn't stored on the device.

"We're not in the business of collecting your data," said Cue.

Apple Pay comes with every iPhone 6 and 6plus and will start in the US with
American Express, MasterCard and Visa.

Daniel Matte, an analyst with Canalys, said that Apple's announcement delivered
what Apple needed to deliver and the Apple Watch stole the show.

"On the iPhone side, they delivered what they needed to," said Matte. "I think
they're in a very competitive position, putting out two bigger sizes like what
the market has been demanding."

Matte says that the 5.5-inch screen model will work well and appeal to a lot of
people. His only concern is the supply. Matte says that despite China not being
listed as one of the first countries for roll out, it still may be faster than
previous iPhone launches. Matte says that Apple is focused on the China market.

In regards to the Apple Watch, Matte pointed out that this was the first major
non-Steve Jobs product.

"I think the take away is that this is a new area of software, a new direction,
a new user interface, a post Steve Jobs product," said Matte. "It'll take a lot
of time to evaluate the software to see if it's something consumers will take
to, but I do think that the price point and the cool factor - such as the
software and the different functionalities - will appeal to a lot of customers
and sales will be quite strong."

Apple's demo of the Apple Watch showed a few Chinese made applications. Matte
says that this, plus Apple's push into China, shows that Apple is committed to
the Chinese market.

The new iPhone 6 and 6 plus will go on sale in the US and Hong Kong among other
countries for 199 for the 16gb with a 2 year contract and 299 for the 64gb. The
6 Plus will start at 299 with a two-year contract on September 19. Both come in
silver, gold and black.

The Apple Watch will go on sale in early 2015 starting at $349.

ericjou@chinadaily.com.cn


LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              465 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                      April 2, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6's Pictures Leaked Online

BYLINE: Aastha RS, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 311  words


Apple is yet to comment on the existence of the device, but that didn't stop
smartphone paparazzi to get a few leaks.

Wednesday, April 02, 2014: Apple's next rumoured smartphone has now been
confirmed with leaked images. Dubbed as the iPhone 6, it is said to bring in a
heavy competition for all the high-end handsets circling retails shops. It is
likely to mark an hierarchy in the large screen segment of smartphones, as Apple
strongly aims to gain back its number one position in most developing countries,
at least.

It is to be noted that many big handset makers like Samsung, HTC and Sony have
already rolled out their best devices this year. We guess now Apple will the
closing game.

According to a TOI report, the new leaked pictures of the Apple iPhone 6 first
surfaced on Weibo.com. The pictures were taken at Foxconn, which manufactures
Apple's iPhones and iPads. The latest in iPhones-series will have a protruding
camera set up on the back like the rear panel of the fifth-generation iPod
touch.

As per the leaked pictures, the new iPhone will have the similar design pattern
that Apple has been using since the iPhone 4. While, it will obviously be bigger
in size but with thinner width. Speculations suggest that iPhone 6 will be 7.1mm
thick, which is 0.5mm thinner than the iPhone 5S and iPhone 5.

There is no dual tone dual-LED setup, and this is second time that we see the
iPhone 6 without dual-LED. According to various reports, the smartphones will
come in two variants of screen sizes, of 11.9-cm (4.7-inch) and 13.9-cm
(5.5-inch).

The iPhone 6 may run on a 64-bit processor, with a 10 MP rear camera,
scratch-resistant sapphire glass display, bezel-less screen, solar charging and
faster Wi-Fi access. It will further be embedded with health-centric features,
suggesting more features for Touch ID fingerprint sensor and M7 co-processor,
said the report.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              466 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

Apple iPhone 6 Plus outselling smaller model, survey finds

BYLINE: By Shruti Date Singh Bloomberg

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 209 words


More buyers are picking Apple Inc.'s iPhone 6 Plus over the iPhone 6 in this
debut weekend, according to a Piper Jaffray Cos. survey, and supplies of the
larger model already are selling out in some U.S. stores.

The iPhone 6 Plus is "more popular," Gene Munster, an analyst for Piper Jaffray
in Minneapolis, said in a report today. The survey of 386 Apple customers
waiting in line in Minneapolis and New York yesterday found that 57 percent
intended to buy the iPhone 6 Plus, he said. Munster said he had expected buyers
to split 50-50 between the models this weekend and shift more in favor of the
smaller phone over time.

More buyers also said they would pay for higher storage capacity for either
phone than for the iPhone 5S last year. The survey showed 22 percent choosing 16
gigabytes, 52 percent picking 64 GB and 26 percent opting for 128 GB. Last year,
35 percent planned to buy 16 GB, 39 percent intended to get 64 GB and 25 percent
wanted 128 GB, Munster said.

The shift to higher storage capacity and larger phones "will provide an
incremental benefit to gross margins," Munster said. That should help revenue
outpace analysts' average estimate by 9 percent and earnings estimates by almost
12 percent in the three months through December, he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Associated Press Tim Edic, right, of Virginia Beach checks out the new
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus at the Apple store at Lynnhaven Mall in Virginia Beach, Va.,
on Friday.Associated Press Eric Huertas, 32, one of the first customers to get a
new iPhone 6 Plus, left, shows how it size compares to his original iPhone 5s
model, right, for customers awaiting in line at the Apple Store for the launch
and sale of the new iPhone models in Pasadena, Calif., on Friday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              467 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                      September 4, 2015 Friday 1:09 AM GMT

iPhone 6S or iPhone 7 release date, rumours and new features ahead of Apple's
launch event;
The latest iteration of the iPhone is setto launch at the start of this month at
a conference in San Francisco- ahead of its release,here's everything we know so
far

BYLINE: Liz Connor

SECTION: LONDON LIFE

LENGTH: 1308 words


Apple has announced that its next big product update will take place in San
Francisco onSeptember 9 - with a new iPhone handset widely expected to launch in
time for the busy Christmas sales period.

Every year since 2007, the company has unveiled a new model of the device and
since 2011 it has announced the latest iteration in the autumn - at the same
time as global tech trade show IFA in Berlin.

As with every significant Apple launch, rumours about what's in-store from the
tech giant's announcement are rife. Read on for the latest features and specs
circulating the internet.

When and how is it launching?

Invitations to an event on Wednesday September 9 were sent out at the end of
last month, featuring the cryptic message 'Hey Siri, give us a hint'. This is
widely believed to be a nod towards Siri's integration into a new Apple TV
expected to be launched alongside a new phone.

'Hey Siri, give us a hint!': Apple's cryptic invitation toits upcoming
conference in San Francisco

As with previous announcements, the new handset is likely to be launched during
a keynote speech by Apple chief executive Tim Cook, with additional speeches
from senior vice president of worldwide marketing Phil Schiller and senior vice
president of internet software and services Eddy Cue. All three showcased the
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus at the Apple event in California last year.

Read more

Apple breaks record by selling 10 million iPhone 6 smartphones in just

Apple Music Festival: Take That, Chemical Brothers and The Weeknd

Apple's top-secret self-driving car 'almost ready for road'

What will it be called?

Following the pattern of previous announcements, it's likely we'll see Apple
launch the iPhone 6s and 6s plus - updated versions of the small (4.7-inch) and
large (5.5-inch) versions of the handset.

Following its previous pattern, the new handsets will likely be the 6s and 6s
plus

However, we may also see the arrival of a cheaper 6c handset, replacing the
discontinued 5c model. Earlier in May Apple appeared to leak a picture of what
could be the iPhone 6c on its site. The picture showed what looked like an
updated iPhone 5c with an Touch ID sensor on its home button. However, Apple
fans havesince concluded that the image ismost likely a poorly-rendered
graphicof an original 5c,and the image has since been removed from the site.

There are rumours currently circulating the internet that Apple could surprise
us all and go straight in with the iPhone 7 - breaking the tradition of its
previous naming conventions.

What new features can we expect?

A better camera

Apple has historically had the lead on smartphone integrated cameras, and we
could be about to witness its biggest camera jump ever. Rumors suggest that the
new iPhone will have a 12MP sensor with optical image stabilisation and 4k video
recording - offering quality to rival a DSLR. Selfie lovers will also be pleased
to hear that the front-facing camera is expected to be upgraded to a 5MP unit.

The iPhone 6 camera is rumoured to jump from 8MP to 12MP

No increase to 32GB

While initial rumors suggested that Apple might increase the base storage from
16GB to 32GB, alleged leaks now claim that 16GB base versions will continue -
with cloud services such as Apple Music streaming and iCloud helping to keep
internal storage free.

Improved hardware

While the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus both have dual core processor with 1GB RAM,
competition has moved to octa core processors with 4GB RAM. Apple are set to
attempt to catch up by upgrading the new iPhone handset with quad core processor
and 2GB RAM. Apple may also use the triple core A8+ processor that is currently
a feature of the iPad Air 2.

Force touch

Essentially, an improvedtouch screen that enables the device to identify the
difference between a light and strong touch. It is already present on the Apple
watch and Macbook's trackpad so the inclusion of the technology on upcoming
iPhone is widely expected.

The force touch feature on the Apple Watch could be coming to the iPhone

Added durability

Remember bendgate? Rumours say that Apple has taken steps to avoid repeat
embarrassments by improving the durability of its newest model using 7000 series
aluminum on the chassis.

Scratch resistant glass

Sapphire glass - a scratch resistant material used in screens - is another
possible feature. It was rumoured to be slated for the original iPhone 6,
however the production was believed to behalted due tomanufacturing issues.

IOS 9

Apple likes to release a new version of its mobile operating system, iOS, every
year alongside new hardware. Given that we had iOS 8 last year with the new
iPhones, the iOS 9 launch at Apple's conference will come as no surprise

When will it go on sale?

The iPhone 6s's sale date has reportedly been given away in a leaked email from
Vodafone, which suggests that the newest handset will go on sale on September
25, with pre-orders being accepted from September 18.

If correct, this release date would correspond with the usual pattern of an
announcement in the second week of September, followed by a release two weeks
later.

What will it look like?

9to5Mac claimed they had leaked photos of the new handset in early July. The
pictures show internal and external views of silver metal casing, which looks
very similar to the anodised aluminium used in the iPhone 6.

9to5 claim that these are leaked images of the new handset

Despite previous rumours, the case is the same thickness and width as the iPhone
6.

However, images leaked by a source with a Chinese supply line to Engadget Japan
suggests the iPhone 6s will be 0.2mm thicker than its predecessor at 7.1mm, a
potential concession to Force Touch.

A supposedly leaked schematic from Engagetsuggests the iPhone 6s will be 0.2mm
thicker than its predecessor

Elsewhere, Steve Hemmerstoffer of Nowwhereelse.fr has sourced what appears to be
renderings of the purported iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, with the same dimensionsof
7.1mm thickness.

Contradicting rumours: what appears to be renderings of the iPhone 6s with the
same dimensions as the iPhone 6

Internally the frame sports newly-located mounting points to support a new logic
board. The speaker holes, headphone jack, microphone and lightning charging
ports remain in the same places.

While the design of the handset might not change much (give or take a few mm),
Apple are rumoured to be working on brand newcolours for the iPhone 6s. Low-res
images of pink iPhones being boxed up in a factory are currently circulating on
the Internet. It's also been suggested that the iPhone will get a rose gold
upgrade, to match the Apple Watch iteration.

Coming soon? Images of a pink Iphone 6s have been circulating the Internet

Other than the iPhone, what else is expected to launch?

While Apple isfocusing on the iPhone 6s,Apple TV is also expected to get a
significant upgrade, if rumours and recently reported leaks are to be believed.
Apple's set-top box saw a hardware revision three years after its release in
2007, but has kept a low-profile since.

If "Hey Siri, give us a hint" means what the Internet thinks it does, Apple
could be readying to take a note from the Amazon's playbook, by putting its
voice assistant in Apple TV users' homes -offering similar functionality to
Siri, but without requiring you use a mobile phone. Simply speaking up in the
room of your choice would provide weather, news, music playback and more.

Apple isalso rumoured to be offering something even more compelling to viewers:
universal search, allowing you to see all the places you can watch a particular
show or movie, such as on iTunes or Netflix, and let you pick between them. The
result? No more searching for the latest episode of Game of Thrones when season
6 launches next year. This, we like.

Follow us on Twitter: @ESLife&Style

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2015 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              468 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 25, 2014 Thursday 8:03 AM GMT

Apple pulls iOS 8 update after flood of complaints that it BLOCKS iPhone calls;

Apple has said it will stop providing the software update, only hours after it
was released

BYLINE: By Steve Robson

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 499 words


Apple has been forced to withdraw the new iOS 8 software update only hours after
its release - after iPhone owners complained it BLOCKED calls.

The tech giant said it would stop providing the software update, which it began
distributing yesterday, to fix several issues in last week's iOS 8 operating
system for iPhones and iPads.

It comes after owners of the new iPhone 6 reported the new model is susceptible
to bending.

The decision to pull the update came after some people complained on Twitter and
in Apple user chatrooms that the update, dubbed iOS 8.0.1, rendered their phones
unable to make calls and caused problems with a feature that lets people unlock
their phones with their fingerprint.

Apple announced that it was investigating the reports and would issue advice to
users "as quickly as we can".

Users are still able to the upgrade older phones to last week's version of iOS
8, which Apple said has already been downloaded to nearly half of all iOS
devices.

Tweet iphone calls

Some tech blogs reported the update only seemed to cause problems for the latest
phone models - the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

It is not uncommon for new software to contain bugs that have to be fixed with
subsequent releases.

Meanwhile, social media sites were buzzing with reports that the aluminium shell
of the iPhone 6 Plus was vulnerable to bending.

Some Twitter users claimed their phones showed a slight curving at one end after
several hours in a trouser pocket. With a 5.5-inch screen, the iPhone 6 Plus is
slightly longer and thinner than other iPhone models.

It's not clear how widespread the complaints are. One YouTube video showed
someone bending an iPhone 6 Plus by applying extended pressure with his hands -
not from normal sitting.

Both the iPhone 6 and the 6 Plus were given high ratings in a recent
"breakability" test conducted by SquareTrade, a San Francisco firm that sells
insurance to consumers for their electronic devices. The test did not include
bending.

But SquareTrade chief marketing officer Ty Shay said that after reports of
bending circulated online, two employees at his firm tried to bend a pair of 6
Plus phones.

One, a man, was able to duplicate the results from the video, while the other, a
woman, could not. He said the bent phone appeared to still function normally.

iPhone bends videos

Mr Shay said his firm then checked and found a small number of bent older-model
iPhones had been reported in the past. "It does happen," he said, "but it seems
like for the most part it's cosmetic damage."

He suggested the bending was not a major issue. Referring to the iPhone 6 Plus,
he added: "I think it's still a very durable phone. But we'll keep an eye on the
claims."

Apple did not comment on the bending reports.

Apple later offered users a way to manually reverse the update provided earlier.

It involves connecting the phone to a Mac or Windows computer and downloading a
file to restore the older software. Apple's web page with instructions is on
http://support.apple.com/kb/HT6487.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              469 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                           November 10, 2015 Tuesday

Apple slashes price of 6S and 6S Plus by offering buybacks on its previous
phones;
If you happen to own an iPhone 6 or select Samsung flagship phones, it's now
easier to get your hands on the new iPhones.

BYLINE: dna Web Team

LENGTH: 286  words


If you happen to own an iPhone 6 or select Samsung flagship phones, it's now
easier to get your hands on the new iPhones.

Less than a month since the launch of the latest iPhone, Apple India has made an
unprecedented decision to place a discount on the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus in a
buyback offer. The offer gives consumers a discount up to Rs 34,000 to improve
sales, according to a report by The Times Of India.

The iPhone 6S and 6 Plus were launched recently for a price ranging between Rs
62,000 and Rs 92,000. Sales of the new phone were lower than expected, showing a
15-20 percent decrease over the previous year. Not to mention last year's
models--the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus--are cheaper by Rs 8,500-9000.

Ingram Micro, one of Apple's iPhone distributors, has just started the buyback
scheme in a couple of Apple stores in South India which will successively be
taken to a national level.

The buyback offer of Rs 34,000 on the new iPhones is against iPhone 6. Apple
India will also buyback selected hi-end Samsung handsets. Retailers can upload
details of the old handsets for the offer on a separate website made by Apple.

Since last week, the iPhones are being sold at a 7-11 percent discount on online
shopping sites like Snapdeal, Amazon and Flipkart.

This is also the first instance when Apple and its distributors are going to buy
back old models under a scheme to ensure that all transactions are genuine and
reduce the burden of the retailer who can push sales further, said three senior
trade partners of Apple India.

The discounts are aimed at helping the company accelerate adoption of their new
phones, which is especially pertinent during the Diwali buying season.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2015 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              470 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                           January 21, 2014, Tuesday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for week ending Jan. 17;
China saves the day, Tim dodges, NFC rises again, size matters

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1971 words


The Chinese, as everyone knows, drink a lot of tea. And with Apple's deal with
the humungous China Mobile to offer thenew iPhones to its zillions of
subscribers, iOSpherians are trying to read all those tea leaves. But they're
drawing, honestly, some strange conclusions.

Apparently, the Chinese, who are reputedly enamored with Big Screen Smartphones,
are going to demand a Big Screen iPhone 6.

Apple doesn't listen to Americans, but they will listen to the Chinese.   And
that shifty Apple CEO Tim Cook, at China Mobile HQ for the launch, did a lot of
dodging and shrugging off, because he didn't tell Chinese buyers who were busy
buying the iPhone 5S anything about the iPhone 6.

Disclosure of a new Apple patent application sent a thrill of anticipation
through those longing for near-field communications in their favorite phone,
apparently because they misread what the patent was actually about.

Finally, the same "expectations" of a larger-screened iPhone 6, in at least two
sizes, were recycled from last October.  They still remain just expectations.

You read it here second.

iPhone 6 with "massive screen" more likely because of China This is the ...
well, let's call it the "innovative" argument by GottaBeMobile's Josh Smith.

And it's simple: Apple has just started offering the iPhone to the zillions of
subscribers on China Mobile. And Chinese people like Big Screens on their
phones. Therefore, to please them, Apple "will likely" increase the screen for
the iPhone 6.

Here is Smith's first sentence in his blogpost: "The iPhone 6 screen size will
likely grow in 2014 as Apple pushes to compete with growing smartphone sizes in
the U.S. and looks to offer an iPhone with a larger screen in China."

Here is Smith's second sentence: "This week the iPhone 5s and iPhone 5c launched
on China Mobile, bringing orders in the multi-millions and spawning lines around
buildings at China Mobile stores, including one where Tim Cook was on hand to
sign autographs."

So "multi-millions" of Chinese are buying the iPhone with its puny 4-inch
screen, not to mention its sky high price tag, oblivious to all those "competing
smartphones [that] range from 4.7-inches to 5.9-inches with 1280 x 720 and 1920
x 1080 resolution displays" that are also, like, cheap! What is wrong with those
idiots?

So far, Apple has not segmented the smartphone market as it did the portable
music player market with multiple iPod models.

So far, it still puts a premium on a display size that permits one-handed use,
and display technologies that create a high pixel density, readable text, and
crisp images and video with very accurate color representation.

Last fall, Apple introduced for the first time, a second iPhone model, the 5C
priced $100 less than the 5S with a plastic body instead of metal, most of the
internals of the prior iPhone 5, and the same four-inch screen. The 5C is now
routinely offered by carriers as a very low-priced iPhone with a contract, or
even free with a contract.

Apple may decide the time is right to offer a third model, with a larger screen,
and presumably a higher price, if it thinks it can achieve the display quality -
including color representation and power trade-offs.

But the "multi-millions" happily buying a four-inch display in China suggest
that the iPhone is doing just fine as it is.

Tim Cook dodges iPhone 6 questions What a prevaricating, evasive weasel this guy
is. And thank heavens we have CNET's Rich Trenholm to call him out on it.

Cook was in China to launch the iPhone 5S and 5C with China Mobile. He appeared
at the carrier's headquarters with Chairman Xi Guohua, the two of them handing
out autographed copies of the phones to early buyers.

Not too surprisingly, one of them at least, asked Cook about iPhone 6. According
to Trenholm, "Tim Cook has shrugged off questions about a bigger, badder iPhone
." And that weasel "wouldn't confirm or deny rumours of a larger screen for the
hotly-anticipated iPhone 6."

But Cook did hint, according to Trenholm. "We have a lot to look forward to in
2014," Cook hinted, "including some big plans that we think customers are going
to love."

Used as a verb, "dodge" means "elude or evade by a sudden shift of position or
by strategy: to dodge a blow; to dodge a question."

Trenholm based his blog post, and everything in it, on an actual news story,
from Bloomberg. Here's Bloomberg's account of what actually happened: "Cook was
at China Mobile's headquarters store as the world's largest carrier started
selling the iPhone, concluding six years of negotiations with Apple. As Cook
handed out autographed iPhones with carrier Chairman Xi Guohua, people asked him
about bigger screens and the use of flexible displays.

"We never talk about future things," Cook said. "We have great things we are
working on but we want to keep them secret. That way you will be so much happier
when you see it."

We're not seeing much eluding and evading, or even shrugging off. Cook simply
and politely repeated to his questioner Apple's long-standing policy on "future
things" and repeated the kind of general, upbeat comments he's made before -
"great things."

iPhone 6 will have NFC because Apple filed a new patent application Ben Lovejoy
at 9to5Mac noticed a newly published Apple patent filing, which unfortunately
included the acronym "NFC" which is short for near-field communications, which
specifically refers to a very short-range wireless communications technology but
which almost everyone thinks means "wireless wallet and payment system."

Lovejoy's own post about the filing was a model of reticence. He offered his
opinion that "it seems likely that Apple is intending to eventually establish
iBeacon as a wireless electronic wallet system, rather than the existing NFC
system commonly used in parts of Europe and Asia..."

That's debatable, partly because Apple hasn't said much in public about its
iBeacon plans. iBeacon was introduced in iOS 7.

It relies on a Bluetooth variant: Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE), which minimizes
power in part by offering lower data rates.

The beacons themselves are small, Bluetooth sensors placed around, say, a
department store or museum. They connect with the Bluetooth radio in an iPhone
or iPad. Apps and software can be used for indoor mapping, navigation,
notifications, customized ads, and coupons. Presumably, mobile payments might be
another app.

Sonic Notify makes such beacons, supporting both iOS iBeacon and the recently
introduced Android BLE. Two grocery chains this month began trialing the
iBeacon-based hardware and software from InMarket.  Lovejoy's blog post also
noted, correctly, that a patent application isn't a sure and certain sign of a
product introduction in the next nine months. And while Apple has said little
about its plans for electronic payments, Lovejoy is probably right when he
concludes that "the question of using iPhones for payment is almost certainly
when and how rather than if."

Reticence in the iOSphere is rather like a snowball in hell.

The patent application put Geek.com's Russell Holly into a lather of NFC
anticipation: his blog post was titled, with unconscious irony, "iPhone 6 could
have NFC (No really, it might happen this time)."  "Despite all of our wildest
hopes and dreams, Apple has yet to grace the iPhone with what could end up being
one of its most important hardware upgrades," he wrote. "Once again, however, it
looks like there may be a chance we'll see NFC on the new iPhone."

Despite all Holly's wildest hopes, the Apple patent application itself is
actually not for NFC, but for a "commercial transaction method." The idea, as
the document explains, is first creating a secure link between a "purchasing
device" - a smartphone - and a point of sale device through a specified "air
interface" - the way of transmitting information over the air between two
radios. Then a second air interface is used to "conduct a secure commercial
transaction."

NFC is one air interface named in the patent. So is RFID, Wi-Fi, and Bluetooth.
The real focus seems to be creating and completing a "commercial transaction
between the purchasing device and the backend server using payment data secured
by a shared secret known to a secure element in the purchasing device and to the
backend server," using one, or two, of several possible radio technologies.

Holly himself acknowledges what surely must be at least one of the reasons why
Apple has not fallen all over itself to present the world with NFC on an iPhone:
"The last two releases of Apple's flagship smartphone have been absolutely
riddled with hope for NFC inclusion..." Holly writes. "The biggest reason Apple
hasn't bothered yet is because no one has been able to truly justify the
technology to users. While geeks use it to do all sorts of fun things, there's
nothing out there aside from the hope of a future filled with smartphone
payments that has been even a little exciting to the average consumer."

Quod erat demonstrandum.

iPhone 6 will have two or even three or maybe four different screen sizes Or
maybe not.

BGR's Chris Smith is excited by another "report" from NPD DisplaySearch, which
was picked up by CNET.

Smith's summary of CNET's summary is that Apple "is expected" to offer bigger
iPhones in 2014, and DisplaySearch is "predicting" what kinds of displays they
will be.

"The researchers [meaning DisplaySearch analyst David Hsieh] mention two iPhone
6 sizes including 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches, which could have LCD displays with
1600 x 900 resolution (386 pixel-per-inch density or PPI,) and 1920 x 1080
resolution (401 PPI), respectively," Smith writes.

The Rollup loves those precise numbers. It makes it so much easier to overlook
mere "expectations" and "predictions," otherwise known as "guesses."

The problem with Smith's summary is that DisplaySearch made the same predictions
in October 2013. And BGR, in the person of Zach Epstein, was equally excited to
cover it then, too.  Here's Hsieh's October blog post, entitled, "In 2014, Apple
Will Once Again Rely on Displays for Innovation," which essentially argues that
Apple for some years led in display innovation, but has been trailing more
recently compared to rivals. "Introduction of the iPhone 5S and 5C was the
latest example that Apple has been slow in adopting the latest display
technologies," Hsieh wrote then. "While 5-6" FHD [full high-definition]
resolution displays are rapidly growing in the smart phone market, the iPhone
has stayed with the 4" 1136×640 screen for over a year and a half." He predicted
that in 2014, Apple will turn again to new display technologies, higher
resolutions, and larger screens to again be a contender.

Here is his most recent blog post, entitled "New Display Sizes and Formats to
Look for in 2014," based on his visit earlier this month to the Consumer
Electronics Show (CES). In this post, he shows a set of tables of "display
models we may see in 2014. Of course, not all of the panels listed here will go
into mass production, as panel maker strategies can change."

Of course.

The information, such as it is, about Apple's displays remains unchanged, as do
their status as expectations, predictions, possibilities, mays and cans.

Hsieh, in neither blog post, actually asserts what Apple's display plan is or
even what he thinks it is. In essence, he's simply saying that Apple is likely
to try to keep improving screen technology for its mobile devices.

Unless the Apple engineers in charge of displays, and Tim Cook, have all fallen
into a deep sleep, we can expect that Apple continues to be interested in "high
quality" displays - according to Apple's definition of "quality" -- that realize
an ever-improving "user experience," according to Apple's definition of "user
experience."

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network
World.Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2014 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              471 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Apple charts new course with large iPhones, smartwatch

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 478 words


Apple moved to recapture its role as the leading tech trend-setter on Tuesday
when the California giant unveiled its first smartwatch and two large-screen
versions of the iPhone.

In a major product event, Apple also said it was introducing a new mobile wallet
that will allow consumers to simply tap their phones to pay retailers, aiming to
popularize the idea of mobile payments.

The Apple Watch, a sleekly designed wrist device which links to the iPhone,
"will redefine what people expect from this category," chief executive Tim Cook
said in Apple's hometown Cupertino, California.

"It is the next chapter in Apple's story."

Also unveiled were the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, in a large boost to the
screen size of the popular handsets.

Apple's main rival Samsung has long had a range of larger handsets and has tried
to market a smartwatch of its own.

The iPhone 6 will have a screen of 4.7 inches and the 6-Plus will be 5.5 inches,
allowing Apple to adapt to consumers' apparent preference for bigger displays.

Cook said the new handsets represented "the biggest advancement in the history
of iPhones."

Apple senior vice president Phil Schiller the new iPhones were "simply stunning"
with polarized glass displays and bodies that are "thinner than ever before."

"These are the best phones ever made," Schiller said, as he described the new
devices at a major set-piece event streamed live online.

The new iPhone 6 will start at the same price of existing iPhones at $199 for US
customers while the iPhone 6 Plus will be at $299 with a two-year contract.

Schiller said the devices would be available in at least 115 countries by the
end of the year.

With the new launch, Apple will cut the price of existing iPhone 5S and 5C with
the launch.

Apple's move, expanding the latest iPhone with a four-inch screen, comes as
consumers are switching to handsets with bigger displays to watch videos and
browse the Internet.

Observers say the time is right for Apple to introduce a generation of iPhone 6
models with screen sizes stretched to tap into users' love for "phablets" that
combine the features of smartphones and tablets.

Cook said the ApplePay system would replace an "antiquated payment process" with
"an entirely new payment system" that allows consumers to touch their phones to
retail terminals.

The new payment system will be built into the new iPhones and the upgraded
Apple's operating system called iOS 8.

Cook said that in the United States alone each day, "that's 200 million times
that we scramble through our credit cards and go through what is a fairly
antiquated payment process."

He said other efforts have failed because the companies introducing mobile
wallets were working on the basis of "their self-interest" instead of the user
experience.

Cook showed a video of a consumer tapping a phone on a payment terminal,
commenting, "it's so cool."

bur-rl/dc

APPLE INC.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2014 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              472 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                      August 28, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6 New Leaks Confirm Launch Date

BYLINE: Sanchari Banerjee, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 254  words


This time a quick start guide has surfaced for Apple iPhone 6 with its launch
date and details of prominent features too.

Thursday, August 28, 2014: Several reports have been doing the rounds that Apple
iPhone 6 will be launched on 9 September. But a new leaked image has somewhat
confirmed these reports. The quick start guide has actually reconfirmed the
launch date and also the design of the phone.

The next iPhone 6 models are tipped to launch in mid-September and we are aware
of that since quite some time now. If this 9 September date is final, then it is
the \same date when Apple unveiled iPhone 5c and iPhone 5s last year. The leaked
image has been published by Nowhereelse.fr. They also leaked iPhone 5s' quick
start guide last year ahead of the official announcement.

The alleged quick start guide further validates that the next iPhone will have
the power button on the right panel of the device, instead of the top panel,
which is usual on current iPhone models. But some contradictions with previous
leaks have emerged too. A new design of the iPhone 6 has come out now. The new
leak has shown that the iPhone 6 sports the same straight-edge industrial
design, instead of curved edges.

The leaked quick start guide also shows some features like the lighting
connector at the bottom and Touch ID sensor on the home button. The 128GB model
has been reconfirmed too. Last week leaked schematics hinted that the new iPhone
will have a 128GB inbuilt storage variant. There will be other variants too like
16GB and 64GB.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              473 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday

iPhone 6 release date unveiled

SECTION: MOBILE PLATFORMS AND INTEGRATION; Global

LENGTH: 272 words



HIGHLIGHT: Next generation Apple flagship release imminent.


Apple will finally unveil the iPhone 6 on the 9th September.

The firm has booked in a media event for next month, and Re/code reckons it's to
announce the next generation iPhone.

With a new iPhone being launched every year since 2006, the devices are
traditionally launched in September, so the reports seem likely to be true.

The iPhone 6 is expected to come in two different flavours, one with a 4.7-inch
screen, and another with a larger 5.5-inch screen. The smaller device is expcted
to be released first. This would follow on from last September when Apple
launched both the iPhone 5S and the iPhone 5C. Re/code did not cite any sources,
and Apple has not yet responded to emails seeking comment.

Analysts expect the larger of the two iPhone 6 models to go head to head with
larger-screened competitors such as Samsung's phablets.

Apple is reportedly in talks with several major credit card companies regarding
implementing mobile payment technology into the iPhone 6.

A successful deal would see iPhone users able to pay for goods both online and
in-store using the mobile device instead of cash, and could also extend to
managing tools such as loyalty cards and vouchers.

Apple could also introduce near-field communication (NFC) technology into new
devices, which allow so-called 'tap and pay" contactless services similar to
those used by the likes of Barclaycard and Mastercard. Alternatively, its
digital wallet could use existing Wi-Fi or Bluetooth connections to facilitate
the payments.

Last month, Foxconn, the Taiwanese iPhone manufacturer, has announced it is
hiring 100,000 new workers to begin production of the iPhone 6.

LOAD-DATE: August 07, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              474 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 25, 2014 Thursday 8:03 AM GMT

Apple iOS 8: More problems for tech giant as new software update BLOCKS iPhone
calls;
Apple has said it will stop providing the software update, only hours after it
was released

BYLINE: By Steve Robson

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 499 words


Apple has been forced to withdraw the new iOS 8 software update only hours after
its release - after iPhone owners complained it BLOCKED calls.

The tech giant said it would stop providing the software update, which it began
distributing yesterday, to fix several issues in last week's iOS 8 operating
system for iPhones and iPads.

It comes after owners of the new iPhone 6 reported the new model is susceptible
to bending.

The decision to pull the update came after some people complained on Twitter and
in Apple user chatrooms that the update, dubbed iOS 8.0.1, rendered their phones
unable to make calls and caused problems with a feature that lets people unlock
their phones with their fingerprint.

Apple announced that it was investigating the reports and would issue advice to
users "as quickly as we can".

Users are still able to the upgrade older phones to last week's version of iOS
8, which Apple said has already been downloaded to nearly half of all iOS
devices.

Tweet iphone calls

Some tech blogs reported the update only seemed to cause problems for the latest
phone models - the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

It is not uncommon for new software to contain bugs that have to be fixed with
subsequent releases.

Meanwhile, social media sites were buzzing with reports that the aluminium shell
of the iPhone 6 Plus was vulnerable to bending.

Some Twitter users claimed their phones showed a slight curving at one end after
several hours in a trouser pocket. With a 5.5-inch screen, the iPhone 6 Plus is
slightly longer and thinner than other iPhone models.

It's not clear how widespread the complaints are. One YouTube video showed
someone bending an iPhone 6 Plus by applying extended pressure with his hands -
not from normal sitting.

Both the iPhone 6 and the 6 Plus were given high ratings in a recent
"breakability" test conducted by SquareTrade, a San Francisco firm that sells
insurance to consumers for their electronic devices. The test did not include
bending.

But SquareTrade chief marketing officer Ty Shay said that after reports of
bending circulated online, two employees at his firm tried to bend a pair of 6
Plus phones.

One, a man, was able to duplicate the results from the video, while the other, a
woman, could not. He said the bent phone appeared to still function normally.

iPhone bends videos

Mr Shay said his firm then checked and found a small number of bent older-model
iPhones had been reported in the past. "It does happen," he said, "but it seems
like for the most part it's cosmetic damage."

He suggested the bending was not a major issue. Referring to the iPhone 6 Plus,
he added: "I think it's still a very durable phone. But we'll keep an eye on the
claims."

Apple did not comment on the bending reports.

Apple later offered users a way to manually reverse the update provided earlier.

It involves connecting the phone to a Mac or Windows computer and downloading a
file to restore the older software. Apple's web page with instructions is on
http://support.apple.com/kb/HT6487.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              475 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Yorkshire Post

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

What to expect from the new iPhone 6

BYLINE: David Behrens

LENGTH: 399  words


APPLE'S iPhone is like your hair - every year it gets lighter and thinner.

This year, it's also got bigger. Responding to competition from large-screen
Android phones by Samsung, Apple has upped the display size of the basic iPhone
6 from four to 4.7 inches. The new iPhone 6 Plus goes even further, with a
near-tablet sized 5.5-inch screen - almost half an inch bigger than Samsung's
Galaxy S5.

Under the hood, Apple has updated its software, opening the way for third-party
developers to push out alternative keyboards - a feature Android users have long
enjoyed.

The new phones still lack home-screen widgets - Apple remains strictly
icons-only - but there are improvements to the photos and messaging apps - you
can now give names to conversations and share your location with others. And
Apple's personal assistant Siri can now identify a song playing in the
background.

You don't need an iPhone 6 to enjoy all the new features - the new software is
also available free for the iPhone 4s upwards, and for most iPads.

Today, fans finally got their hands on the new handsets. Some began camping
outside the Apple store in Regent Street, London on Monday.

Around 30 or so people set up camp outside the Apple store in London's Covent
Garden yesterday, with tents, tables and chairs and even bottles of wine bearing
testimony to their dedication.

Among them was Lasse Maroen, who caught a three-hour flight from his home in
Bergen, Norway with friends from work to get the iPhone 6.

He said: "I have been here since this morning. We came here last year to get the
iPhone 5s. We had such a good time so we decided to go back this year."

Asked if he was a "technology geek", he said: "I have been known to buy the new
iPhones on the day they come out since the first one in 2007, so pretty much."

Mr Maroen said he planned to buy the handset outright. The iPhone 6 is expected
to start at £539, and the 6 Plus at £619.

Network operator EE has also said it will ensure that customers who had
pre-ordered new handsets through Phones 4u, which went into administration on
Sunday, would still be able to get them in its stores.

A spokesman said: "All across the country we have set aside iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus handsets, enough for Phones 4u customers who pre-ordered iPhones on EE
through Phones 4u.

"If they go into EE stores and show their pre-order receipts they will be able
to claim one of the devices."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NLYP


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              476 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           November 10, 2015 Tuesday

Biz Break: Apple tumbles on warnings about iPhone sales

BYLINE: By George Avalos gavalos@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; News; Business; High-Tech; Columnists; Opinion;
Science and Tech; Columnists

LENGTH: 735 words


Today: Apple shares tumbled on Tuesday after an unsettling report from Wall
Street analyst Credit Suisse that suggested sales of the Cupertino tech giant's
iPhone 6 devices may be struggling. Also; Jive Software soars, Google Maps gets
new feature.

The lead: Apple slips on warnings of weak iPhone sales

Apple shares tumbled more than 3 percent on Tuesday after an unsettling report
from Wall Street analyst Credit Suisse that suggested sales of the Cupertino
tech giant's iPhone 6 devices may be struggling, but another investment firm,
FBR, stated that iPhone sales still look strong.

"Apple has lowered its component orders by as much as 10 percent, according to
our teams in Asia," a team led by Credit Suisse analyst Kulbinder Garcha wrote
in a research note Tuesday . "The cuts seem to be driven by weak demand for the
new iPhone 6s."

However, another Wall Street investment firm, FBR, disagreed with the Credit
Suisse assessment and stated that iPhone sales are just fine .

"We saw the same knife fight develop going into the much contentious September
quarter and Apple proved the skeptics wrong yet again," said Dan Ives, an
analyst with FBR. "We expect a very strong December quarter/holiday quarter on
healthy iPhone 6s demand and legacy iPhone 6 shipments."

The Credit Suisse analysts lowered their projections for calendar 2016 unit
builds for the iPhone 6 to 222 million units, down from the prior estimate of
242 million units. That would be 8.3 percent below the original estimate for
2016.

Credit Suisse also estimated that 2017 will bring iPhone build to 235 million
units, which would be 6 percent higher than the new 2016 prediction.

"In our view, the continued weak supply chain news could weigh on Apple shares
for the next few weeks or quarters," Credit Suisse stated in the note.

For all of calendar 2016, Apple should earn about $9.81 a share, which is about
6 percent below the prior estimate of $10.40, Credit Suisse predicted.

Both investment firms maintained an out-perform rating on Apple.

Among the reasons for future growth: Credit Suisse believes the installed base
for the iPhone will swell to 615 million over time, driven by its recent
expansion, which currently is growing by 24 percent a year. Plus, recently
launched installment plans to pay for the iPhone will drive unit sales long
term, the analysts stated.

"It is tempting to argue that this is now the beginning of the end of the iPhone
business' growth phase run. Indeed, with revenues now at around $155 billion, it
has clearly been a successful run. Despite this, we believe there is more to
come," Credit Suisse wrote in the note.

SV150 market report: Jive jumps on results, Google Maps gets new feature

Palo Alto-based Jive Software soared 9.2 percent higher in response to a
third-quarter report that beat expectations . The software company's loss was
smaller than predicted and revenue was stronger. Plus, Jive executives offered a
rosy outlook for the fourth quarter.

Mountain View-based Google is allowing people to use its Maps feature off-line
in circumstances when Internet service is spotty or non-existent. Google also
announced that its Chrome browser no longer will support Windows XP, Windows
Vista, and the Mac OS versions 10.6, 10.7 and 10.8 .

Menlo Park-based Facebook is offering photo recognition technology to its
Messenger app . The idea is to make it easier for people to send the photo to
other people in the image, or to groups of people.

Silicon Valley Big 10: Netflix up 2.6 percent, Facebook up 1.3 percent, Gilead
Sciences up 0.7 percent, Google owner Alphabet up 0.5 percent, saleforce.com up
0.04 percent, eBay down 0.1 percent, Intel down 0.4 percent, Oracle down 0.5
percent, Cisco Systems down 0.7 percent, Apple down 3.2 percent.

Silicon Valley tech stocks

Up: The biggest winners by percent change were Jive Software, Nektar
Therapeutics, Accuray, Depomed, Pandora Media.

Down: The biggest losers by percent change were Aemetis, SunPower, SolarCity,
Rocket Fuel, Gigamon.

The SV150 index of Silicon Valley's biggest companies: Down 2.45, or 0.14
percent, to 1,705.42.

The tech-focused Nasdaq composite index: Down 12.06, or 0.24 percent, to
5,083.24.

The blue chip Dow Jones industrial average: Up 27.73, or 0.16 percent, to
17,758.21.

And the broad-based Standard & Poor's 500 index: Up 3.14, or 0.15 percent, to
2,081.72.

Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com .

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: File-In this file photo from Friday, Sept. 19, 2014, people wait to buy
the new Apple iPhone 6 and 6 Plus devices outside an Apple store in Hong Kong.
Each year, Apple dazzles its devoted fans with faster, sleeker, more powerful
iPhones with better cameras and a bevy of bells and whistles. So, what's to
become of last year's model? Instead of sentencing it to a lonely existence in a
desk drawer, there are plenty of ways to reuse, recycle or resell older phones.
(AP Photo/Vincent Yu)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              477 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

The wait is over for the proud iPhone 6 owners

BYLINE: Hannah Seaton ; Hellma Paalsrud

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 484 words


ONE of the first people in Britain to get their hands on the new iPhone said the
three-day queue outside the store was "worth the wait".

Self-employed Andy Walford, who travelled from Powys on Tuesday, queued for
three nights in the Bullring, Birmingham, to be first in line to get his hands
on the new iPhone 6. The US company announced the new devices to much fanfare at
a highly anticipated event in California last week.

Many fans have been so keen to get their hands in the product they've been
queuing outside Apple stores for days in anticipation - among them was Mr
Walford.

He said: "I'm going to go home, have a shower, get some sleep and then play with
my iPhone. A friend is coming to give me a lift home.

"The last night was the hardest, I think because of the excitement. I got here
at 11am on Tuesday, my partner turned up on Wednesday which was a nice surprise
as I wasn't expecting her.

"It's the second time in a row I've been first in the queue. People say it's
crazy, but I've got a result and that's the result I came here for, I might see
you again next year."

Dozens also queued outside Apple's shop in St David's shopping centre in
Cardiff.

Among them was Ramzan Iqbal, 45, from Pontypridd, who said: "I just want a new
iPhone, that's all. It just a thing I do, I normally try to get the new iPhones
on the launch day.

"It's just going to be a much more powerful device. Apple always makes really
good phones. The user experience is normally really good, so hopefully it's
going to be as good as they say it will be."

Mike Nelson, 34, from Cardiff, said there was an element of wanting to be the
first to have the product.

He said: "I'm getting the small one, I don't really like the big one, I'd like
to keep the smaller size, the big one is practically an iPad.

"I don't have any expectations for it really, so I'm probably just spending
money on something that's no better than what I've already got.

"The things I like about the iPhone is its convenience, it's easy to use,
iMessage, and most of my friends have got an iPhone, so it's easy to stay
connected."

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are available in 10 countries, including the UK,
the US, Australia and Singapore, and a further 20 from next Friday.

Both handsets will be available in new sizes for the first time, with the iPhone
6 offering a 4.7in screen, while the 6 Plus boasts the biggest screen Apple has
ever produced for a smartphone at 5.5in.

Network operator EE said it will ensure that customers who preordered new
handsets through Phones 4u, which went into administration earlier this week,
would still be able to get them in its stores.

A spokesman said: "All across the country we have set aside iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus handsets, enough for Phones 4u customers who preordered iPhones on EE
through Phones 4u.

"If they go into EE stores and show their pre-order receipts they will be able
to claim one of the devices."

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: An Apple fan gets her hands on the new iPhone 6 at the tech giant's
<Bstore in St David's Arcade, CardiffFans queued from midday on Wednesday for
the event

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WWM


                    Copyright 2014 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              478 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Yorkshire Post

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

What to expect from the new iPhone 6

BYLINE: David Behrens

LENGTH: 401  words


APPLE'S iPhone is like your granddad's hair - every year it gets lighter and
thinner.

This year, it's also got bigger. Responding to competition from large-screen
Android phones by Samsung, Apple has upped the display size of the basic iPhone
6 from four to 4.7 inches. The new iPhone 6 Plus goes even further, with a
near-tablet sized 5.5-inch screen - almost half an inch bigger than Samsung's
Galaxy S5.

Under the hood, Apple has updated its software, opening the way for third-party
developers to push out alternative keyboards - a feature Android users have long
enjoyed.

The new phones still lack home-screen widgets - Apple remains strictly
icons-only - but there are improvements to the photos and messaging apps - you
can now give names to conversations and share your location with others. And
Apple's personal assistant Siri can now identify a song playing in the
background.

You don't need an iPhone 6 to enjoy all the new features - the new software is
also available free for the iPhone 4s upwards, and for most iPads.

Today, fans finally got their hands on the new handsets. Some began camping
outside the Apple store in Regent Street, London on Monday.

Around 30 or so people set up camp outside the Apple store in London's Covent
Garden yesterday, with tents, tables and chairs and even bottles of wine bearing
testimony to their dedication.

Among them was Lasse Maroen, who caught a three-hour flight from his home in
Bergen, Norway with friends from work to get the iPhone 6.

He said: "I have been here since this morning. We came here last year to get the
iPhone 5s. We had such a good time so we decided to go back this year."

Asked if he was a "technology geek", he said: "I have been known to buy the new
iPhones on the day they come out since the first one in 2007, so pretty much."

Mr Maroen said he planned to buy the handset outright. The iPhone 6 is expected
to start at £539, and the 6 Plus at £619.

Network operator EE has also said it will ensure that customers who had
pre-ordered new handsets through Phones 4u, which went into administration on
Sunday, would still be able to get them in its stores.

A spokesman said: "All across the country we have set aside iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus handsets, enough for Phones 4u customers who pre-ordered iPhones on EE
through Phones 4u.

"If they go into EE stores and show their pre-order receipts they will be able
to claim one of the devices."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NLYP


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              479 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                       May 27, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Coques iPhone6 Comes up with Its Designer Range of Cases for iPhone 6, 6 Plus
Users

LENGTH: 371  words


May 27 -- iPhone 6 and 6plus are the two latest versions of the smartphone
launched by Apple. They have been bought by record number of people around the
world and this has made it a hit among the smartphone lovers. One thing common
among all the iPhone users are the accessories and cases they use. People like
to get their smartphone covered by beautiful accessories that also provide extra
protection to their phone. One of the online stores that has come up with its
designer range of cases for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus is Coques iPhone6.

These are mainly 4.7 inch cases that are available in various customized colors.
They easily fit with the phone and give it a protective look. People generally
don't like to compromise on the beauty of their phone while they use the cases.
CoquesiPhone6 makes sure that the iPhone users don't need to compromise of the
stylish look of their phone and give them cases that increases the style
quotient of their phone give it an innovative look. Along with the 4.7 inch the
user can also have a look at the 5.5 inched iPhones to get a customized fit for
their phones.

There are cases with carbon fiber, matt finish as well as silicone finish.
Buyers can but the cases that meet their requirements and suit their budget. The
best feature about the online store is that it give the users the opportunity to
compare the cases and helps the users get the most suitable case for their
device. It is important to make a proper research before buying the cases so
that people get durable products. Since the cases are also used for the
protection of iPhone 6 one cannot use a case that proves to be a misfit. The
Coque iphone 6 case helps the users to have a look at the range of devices and
buy them after they are satisfied with the product.

Along with iPhone 6 the users can also have a look at the cases for Coque iphone
6 plus. One just needs to register with the site and sign into their account to
add the product into their cart. The site also provides the buyers with the
facility of gift cards that helps them in gifting these cards to their friends
and relatives. The payment system is very easy and one can use their credit card
of pay through their paypal id.

Source: Coque iPhone 6

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              480 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                           October 28, 2015 Wednesday
                                  EAST EDITION

Apple Earnings Top As China Demand For iPhones Strong Holiday Forecast Cautious
But analysts are relieved that revenue guidance wasn't more conservative

SECTION: A; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 596 words


BY PATRICK SEITZ

INVESTOR'S BUSINESS DAILY

Apple late Tuesday beat Wall Street's earnings and sales targets as China
revenue nearly doubled. The iPhone maker gave conservative revenue guidance, as
usual, but it was only slightly below what analysts expected.

Apple earned $1.96 a share on sales of $51.5 billion, for the fiscal fourth
quarter ended Sept. 26. Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters expected Apple to
earn $1.88 a share on sales of $51.1 billion. On a year-over-year basis,
earnings per share were up 38%, and sales were up 22%. Those were the smallest
gains in a year.

No China Slowdown

Apple got a big boost from Greater China where its sales rose 99% year over year
to $12.5 billion, helped by strong iPhone demand. CEO Tim Cook said Apple is
seeing no signs of a slowdown in China.

Meanwhile in the Americas, sales rose 10% to $21.77 billion.

Apple stock climbed as much as 3% in late trading, but reversed to fall a
fraction. During the regular session, shares fell 0.6% to 114.55.

Through Tuesday's close, Apple stock is up 3.8% year to date. But it's down from
its 2015 high of 134.54 reached on April 28.

Apple's gross profit margin was 39.9%, which came in above the 39% expected by
Wall Street.

It sold 48 million iPhones last quarter, in line with estimates.

For the December quarter, Apple projected sales of $75.5 billion to $77.5
billion, or $76.5 billion at the midpoint. It forecast a gross profit margin of
39%-40%.

Wall Street had been modeling for EPS of $3.22 a share, up 5%, on sales of
$77.17 billion, up 3%.

"Given the negative expectations, we think their December quarter guide, which
implies about 3% year-over-year revenue growth, will be perceived positively
given rather difficult compares they had," RBC Capital Markets analyst Amit
Daryanani said in a note.

Drexel Hamilton analyst Brian White said Apple's fiscal Q1 guidance provides a
"healthy" outlook, noting the company's "trademark conservatism."

First iPhone Sales Drop?

Investors have been worried about the December quarter because it faces tough
comparisons to last year's monster iPhone 6 upgrade cycle. The iPhone 6
unleashed a wave of pent-up demand for larger-screen iPhones. If the iPhone 6 S
underperforms, it could lead to the first year-over-year decline in iPhone unit
sales.

Wall Street has been modeling for about 75 million iPhone units to be sold in
the holiday quarter vs. a 74.5 million a year earlier.

Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster said Apple's guidance seems to imply
"flattish" iPhone sales of 74 million to 76 million units.

"We view this as a relief given investors were bracing for the start of the 6 S
cycle to be down meaningfully (down 5% to 8%)," he said in a report.

Apple's Q4 results includes just two days of sales of the iPhone 6 S and 6 S
Plus handsets. Apple started selling the iPhone 6 S phones in 12 markets,
including the U.S. and China, on Sept. 25. It opened preorders for the
ninth-generation iPhone on Sept. 12.

The iPhone 6 S phones feature a pressure-sensitive display, a faster processor,
improved cameras and the Live Photos feature that adds motion to still pictures.

The iPhone accounted for 62.5% of Apple's Q4 revenue.

The No. 2 business is Mac computers, accounting for 13.4% of sales. Apple sold
5.7 million Macs, up 3% vs. a year earlier.

But iPad sales dived 20% to 9.9 million, the lowest since 2011.

FBR analyst Daniel Ives described the fiscal Q4 report as "better than feared."

"The Street was fearing a soft guidance and instead got a good December outlook,
which should help turn the tide positive heading into 2016," he wrote in a note.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              481 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           February 13, 2014 Thursday

Again, the iPhone 6 photos come from China, could this be real?

BYLINE: Liu Zheng

LENGTH: 428  words


A series of pictures reportedly of iPhone 6, the upcoming version of Apple's
smartphone device, was released on Thursday morning by Australian blogger Sonny
Dickson on sonnydickson.com.

A likely iPhone 6 photo that released on Feb 13, 2014 by Australian blogger
Sonny Dickson on sonnydickson.com. [Photo / sonnydickson.com]

For Apple fans, discussing the upcoming launch of iPhone 6 has become a part of
their daily chat sinceiPhone 5C and iPhone 5S hit shelves last September.

A series of pictures reportedly of iPhone 6, the upcoming version of Apple's
smartphone device, was released on Thursday morning by Australian blogger Sonny
Dickson on sonnydickson.com.

Rumors suggest that the screen of iPhone 6 will be bigger than the screen of
previous versions. The design will be like a cross between the current iPad Air
and the iPod Touch. It will be definitely thinner than the current iPhone 5S,
says Dickson.

Meanwhile, @mornray886, a random twitter account, that has also posted the same
pictures has already scooped more than 300 followers on the micro-blog site.

According to an earlier report by Reuters, Dickson, an Australian teenager who
lives in suburban Melbourne, attracted attention in August after he released
detailed pictures and videos of the new grey and champagne casing on the
upcoming Apple products.

He accurately posted the details on his site about iPhone 5C that came in
plastic colors and the casings for the iPad Air, and theiPad Miniwith Retina
display, said Business Insider.

He has five to ten sources in China who buy Apple prototype parts directly from
factory-line workers, which are then sold for $250 to $500. His sources then
send him photos and videos of the parts, which are posted under his name on his
website and YouTube channel, which generate ad revenue, said Reuters.

A likely iPhone 6 photo that posted by @mornray886, a random twitter account on
Feb 13, 2014 on the micro-blog site. [Photo / @mornray886]

Gadget special: iPad Air
Apple's 'low-end' phone price disappointing

A likely iPhone 6 photo that posted by @mornray886, a random twitter account on
Feb 13, 2014 on the micro-blog site. [Photo / @mornray886]

A likely iPhone 6 photo that posted by @mornray886, a random twitter account on
Feb 13, 2014 on the micro-blog site. [Photo / @mornray886]

Gadget special: iPad Air
Apple's 'low-end' phone price disappointing

A likely iPhone 6 photo that posted by @mornray886, a random twitter account on
Feb 13, 2014 on the micro-blog site. [Photo / @mornray886]

Gadget special: iPad Air
Apple's 'low-end' phone price disappointing

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              482 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                             March 8, 2013, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending March 8;
iPhone 5S and iPhone 6 scuttlebutt: kinetic energy charging, decimal dementia,
silicon madness

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1936 words


The iOSphere's collective unconscious seethed with mandates and rumors for
iPhone 6 or 5S or iPhone [Fill-in-the-Blank].There didn't seem to be enough Web
bandwidth to contain them all.

There were demands for kinetic energy charging. There were form factor
imaginings distinguished mainly by 0.2 inches. There were claims that Apple was
turning to Qualcomm for processors and counterclaims it was turning to Intel.
And hopes for at least one Next iPhone sometime to be released between June 1
and Aug. 31.

You read it here second.

___________ __________ Technically, this isn't a rumor. It's one of those
iOSphere Mandates that regularly loom out of the collective unconscious.

The mandates are always about what Apple "should" do or include in the Next
iDevice. In this case, Apple should include a kinetic energy charging mechanism
in its next high-end digital device.

[ RELATED: iPad 5 rumor rollup for the week ending March 6 ] The mandate was
issued, apparently, by Mark Chubb at PhonesReview, a U.K. tech website.

"iPhone 5 battery life in most cases is fairly poor, and even though it comes
with a lightning charging connector that does rapidly charge it also drains very
quickly indeed when playing games or watching videos, and then when it is time
to make that important call the iPhone dies on you," Chubb begins.

That's a mouthful, but we get it: "fairly poor" battery life. It still seems to
surprise mobile device users that if you continuously watch videos and play
games. Then. The. Battery. Dies.

It just does.

"So Apple should do something completely different for the iPhone 6 and use the
Ulysse Nardin kinetic battery tech," Chubb announces triumphantly. Thank heavens
someone is using the brains God gave him.

For those of us who are not counted among the Idle Rich, The Chairman, by the
Swiss luxury watchmaker Ulysse Nardin and Scientific Cellular Innovations, is a
$130,000 or thereabouts gold-and-jewel-encrusted Android smartphone, complete
with such "advanced" features as a 3.2-inch display, 32GB of memory, 8-megapixel
camera and fingerprint sensor, not to mention an elaborately hand-crafted
storage-and-dock box. And it has the astonishing, the wondrous, dare we say
"magical" Ulysse Nardin Rotor, a mechanical watch rotor which creates kinetic
energy to supply supplemental power to the phone.

"There is surely a way that Apple can incorporate this into the iPhone 6, not
only will it give you vital charges for a few minutes it also looks stunning as
well and adds that class of engineering on show," Chubb enthuses.

Personally, The Rollup believes if you're going to take a step backward, take a
Big Step backward to something even more retro.

"The iPhone 6 can have style, class, engineering beauty in working motion, just
imagine having the iPhone 6 on your ear and all others seeing the kinetic rotor
moving whilst you are walking etc., eye candy at its best if you ask us."

We're not asking.

To sum up, the iOSphere Consensus Rumor at present is that Apple will announce
in 2013 at least one, or two, or three iPhones, some of which will have screens
that are larger, or smaller, than the 4-inch iPhone 5.

Since things like details are missing, let alone credible sources for the
details, "concept artists" have leaped into the breach. This past week alone,
there have been three (3!) breach-leapings.

One, from AppleInsider.ru, helpfully Englishified by Google Translate, predicts
a 4.2-inch iPhone.

In other words, an iPhone with a screen that is 0.2 inches larger than that of
the iPhone 5.

The French tech site NoWhereElse did the Russians 0.4 inches better. They
created the iPhone 6 with a 4.6-inch diagonal, edge-to-edge display.

In a masterpiece of understatement, Cult of Mac's Buster Heine remarked, "There
are a lot of crazy rumors floating around out there about the iPhone 6."

But the folks at ConceptPhones.com, searching high and low, discovered a bit of
fan art with 0.2 inches more of ambition, or perhaps of craziness. This one
imagines the iPhone 6 with a 4.8-inch display.

"The device seems to have a curved design, but it's very elegant, sort of like a
modern muscle car, if you want a comparison," according to ConceptPhones.

There are plenty of other decimal points remaining between now and whenever the
Next iPhone is finally released.

One of the Next iPhones -- the cheap one -- will scrap Apple's own ARM-based A
Series chip designs (which are then built by Samsung) in favor of Qualcomm's
existing Snapdragon SoC, according to a Chinese-language story by China Times,
picked up by the Japanese tech blog Macotakara, and thence by sites such as
AppleInsider.

China Times cited "an unnamed industry watcher as saying that Apple plans to use
Taiwanese chipmaker TSMC's 28nm process to build the cheap iPhone's Snapdragon
SoC. If true, the switch away from Samsung's foundries would be a first for the
Cupertino company, which has pushed increasingly further into chip design with
its latest A6 and A6X processors," according to AppleInsider.

But a foundry shift would be much less important than a decision to switch to a
third-party application processor, in this case the Snapdragon. Currently,
iPhone models pair Apple's A Series processor with a Qualcomm cellular modem.

As AppleInsider notes, Qualcomm markets the Snapdragon as a stand-alone
processor or as a system with integrated communications components. Using the
most advanced 28-nanometer process, the Qualcomm package offers high
performance, smaller size, lower power demand, and fewer discrete components.
"If Apple is indeed planning to launch a cheap handset in developing markets,
the use of an all-in-one platform could save on component costs," AppleInsider
comments. "Some Snapdragon iterations also come with 4G LTE compatibility,
though the publication claims that Apple will stick to 3G for its initial
low-cost iPhone."

Both Qualcomm and Apple have two types of ARM licenses: one license for using
ARM's CPU cores, running the latest ARM instruction set, and a second license
that lets the companies custom design the cores to run that instruction set.
Apple's A6X chip was the first to offer this custom design.

Presumably, if Apple is planning to create a lower-cost iPhone, the Qualcomm
integrated SoC would have to offer significant savings compared to Apple's
current solution.

Faithful to the spirit of rumor, we're exaggerating a bit here. The Reuters
story that ignited this speculation actually only claims that Apple and Intel
are talking about a deal in which Intel would replace Samsung as the
manufacturer Apple's ARM-based A Series processors, which are used in the iPhone
and iPad.

In other words, future iPhones would use an Intel-manufactured chip, not an
Intel-designed chip.

Apple contracts with Samsung's foundries to manufacture the A Series processors,
even as it competes with other Samsung units in the smartphone and tablet
markets.

"Manufacturing chips on behalf of other companies is a major departure for
Intel, which for decades has based its business on using its manufacturing
prowess to offer its own PC chips superior to rival products," according to
Reuters. "As PC sales contract and Intel's fabrication plants operate at less
than full capacity, the chipmaker sees an opportunity to fill idle production
lines while earning new revenue."

MacNewsWorld's John Mello found a stock analyst who thinks shifting production
to Intel is a great idea.

"A move to Intel would speed up the time it takes to manufacture chips for its
iPhones and iPads, said Doug Freedman, an analyst with RBC Capital Markets in
New York City," Mello reported. "'When you move to Intel's manufacturing
process, it is, at a minimum, nine months ahead of anything available in the
general purpose foundry market,' Freedman told MacNewsWorld." That would include
access to Intel's advanced 14-nanometer chip process, according to Freedman.

Mello also notes that "Freedman stirred the rumors about an Apple-Intel pact two
months ago. In a research note, he said the deal would involve Intel making
Apple's iPhone chips in exchange for Apple using Intel processors in the next
generation of iPads."

It's not clear if Mello, or Freedman, here mean "Intel-manufactured ARM chips"
or "Intel-manufactured Intel chips," presumably based on Intel's x86
architecture used in the chipmaker's Atom mobile processor. The former would be
an extension of the manufacturing deal. The latter would mean Apple adopting a
different microprocessor architecture for its tablets, which doesn't seem
likely.

In the same post that forecast an "April-ish" release of the Next iPad [see
"iPad 5 rumor rollup for the week ending March 6"], iMore's Rene Ritchie says
that "sources familiar with the plans" tell him that "Apple is planning the
release of the iPhone 5S for this summer, currently for August."

According to those sources, the Next iPhone will be the iPhone 5S, which "does
indeed have the same basic design as the iPhone 5, with a more advanced
processor and an improved camera. ... With the iPhone 5S, the aim is to once
again raise the bar in terms of iPhone optics, including a much better camera in
essentially the same casing."

And his words were like ashes in the mouths of the iOSphere.

But the good news is that you may not have to wait that long to be disappointed.

KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo issued a new speculation that Apple "is
expected to unveil its iPhone 5S and lower-cost iPhone alongside iOS 7 this
June, with the devices coming available in July," as reported by MacRumors' Eric
Slivka and a host of other bloggers and tech sites.

That would almost four months earlier than the iPhone 5 unveiling in 2012. Kuo
thinks that will happen for two reasons. First, "to avoid repeating the fatal
mistake of last year of the delayed iPhone 5 launch, which gave competitors room
to grab market share." The word "fatal" means "causing or capable of causing
death; mortal; deadly" and "causing destruction, misfortune, ruin, or failure."

To the best of The Rollup's knowledge there is no sign of impending death,
destruction, misfortune, ruin or failure of the iPhone. ComScore's just-released
smartphone market share report for January shows that of the 129 million U.S.
smartphone owners, for the three months ending Jan. 30, 38% of them had an
iPhone, an increase of 3.5 points from October. In distant second place was
Samsung: 21% were using a Samsung phone, which was up just 1.9 percentage points
from October.

Kuo's second reason for the earlier release date is that "the new iPhones this
year are mainly designed on the basis of the current iPhone 5, which suggests
development time could be reduced."

This statement, too, seems to hold a lot of unspoken assumptions. One might
think from this that Apple ships one iPhone and only then starts designing the
next one. Clearly that's not the case. If Apple is bringing out a cheaper iPhone
in addition to an "iPhone 5S," these have been in development already for at
least 12 months if not longer. And creating a low-cost iPhone, for Apple, at
least, is more complicated than simply taking the iPhone 5 innards and packaging
them into a plastic case instead of a machined aluminum case.

Kuo predicts the iPhone 5S will have a new chip, the A7, which most commentators
think will be a quad-core processor; improved camera and flash; and a
fingerprint chip under the home button. The low-cost iPhone in addition will
have a fiberglass-plastic outer case available in a range of colors, but it will
also be heavier than the upcoming 5S model.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network World.
Twitter: @johnwcoxnww Email: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              483 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                           October 1, 2014 Wednesday

Just in case;
Now that you know your new iPhone might be prone to flexing and bending, all the
more you need to protect it from the elements. TREVOR TAN offers a case study

SECTION: DIGITAL LIFE; Spotlight

LENGTH: 353 words


Otterbox Defender for iPhone 6

$69

At times, you can be your new iPhone's worst enemy. That is why the Otterbox
Defender offers three layers of protection for your new iPhone 6.

A silicone outer layer and a two-piece polycarbonate housing keep out the dust
and ensure the phone is safe if it is dropped or scratched.

It has a screen protector built in. The protective membrane that covers the
Touch ID allows you to use the fingerprint sensor. A belt-clip holster comes
with the case.

Ozaki O!coat Travel

$49.90 (for both iPhone 6 and 6 Plus)

This case comes with a reminder of a favourite travel destination with its
iconic landmark - Big Ben for London; the Eiffel Tower for Paris.

The Ozaki O!Coat Travel case is available in a range of colours: London (Dark
Blue), New York (Orange), Paris (Pink), Rome (Black) or Sydney (Light Blue).

The leather folio case has two pockets - one on the flap for a credit or
commuter card and another underneath the phone case to stash your banknotes.

Spigen Ultra Hybrid

$29 (iPhone 6), $32 (iPhone 6 Plus)

The Spigen Ultra Hybrid case lets you enjoy the exquisite Apple design while
protecting its rounded edges from damage with soft yet durable thermoplastic
polyurethane bumpers that also enhance the grip.

A transparent back panel protects and shows off the iPhone's rear.

Uniq Executif for iPhone 6

$34.90

No faux leather for the Uniq Executif, which is designed for the corporate man
about town.

The folio case has a smooth minimalist design that is gorgeous in the showroom
and will look elegant in the boardroom.

A discreet flap on the case holds up to two credit cards. The case protects the
iPhone while allowing easy access to all the buttons. It comes in red, light
brown and black.

X-Doria Defense 360 Case for iPhone 6

$39

If you want to protect your iPhone from head to toe and front to back, the
X-Doria Defense 360 is the case to get. This tough polycarbonate two-piece case
covers the front, sides and back to prevent scratches.

It has openings for you to access the buttons of your iPhone 6 and allows you
complete control of the screen through its protective shield.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              484 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

IPhone 6 Sales Delayed in Big China Market

BYLINE: By SHANSHAN WANG and NEIL GOUGH; Shanshan Wang reported from Beijing,
and Neil Gough from Hong Kong.

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Personal Tech; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 672 words


BEIJING -- Apple is facing a potential setback in China, one of its biggest and
fastest-growing markets, after the much-anticipated introductions here of the
new iPhone models were delayed.

On Wednesday, Apple told China's three big state-owned mobile service providers
that it would not release the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in mainland China on
Sept. 19, when sales start elsewhere. The carriers had already booked
advertising campaigns for the phones.

The move set off consternation among Apple's partners in China, as well as with
consumers who had been eagerly awaiting the introductions. Apple did not explain
the delay, executives at the carriers said, but it appeared the phones had not
received approval from Chinese regulators to go on sale.

The Chinese leadership and the state-controlled news media grew wary of foreign
technology providers after revelations last year by Edward J. Snowden of
American cyberspying. In July, CCTV, the main state-controlled television
network, broadcast a report saying that the iPhone could represent a threat to
China's national security. The accusations were promptly rejected by Apple.

Apple's staff in China appeared to have been caught off-guard by the last-minute
change of plans, with one executive saying on Wednesday that all of the
company's stores in Beijing and Shanghai had been preparing for sales to begin
on Sept. 19. The executive spoke on the condition of anonymity.

Representatives of Apple told the Chinese mobile carriers only that ''there are
some details which are not ready,'' according to a sales manager at China
Telecom, who declined to be named. ''Apple completely let us down without prior
notice,'' the manager added.

Apple declined to comment on Wednesday, as did representatives for China's three
main mobile carriers, which also include China Mobile and China Unicom. Apple's
Chinese website carried a statement saying only that the date of the iPhone 6's
availability would ''be updated soon.''

News reports in China on Wednesday said the iPhone 6 had not yet been approved
by the Ministry for Industry and Information Technology, which must sign off on
the technology of devices like smartphones. No approval for the iPhone 6 could
be found on the regulator's website on Wednesday.

Initially, Apple tended to release new iPhones in the China market many months
after they had been released elsewhere. That changed last year, when Apple
started sales of the iPhone 5S and 5C models in China on Sept. 20, the same day
as in the United States and other major markets.

In January, Apple began selling iPhones through China Mobile, the country's
dominant mobile carrier. It had previously reached sales agreements with the
country's other two biggest carriers.

Greater China -- including the mainland, Hong Kong and Taiwan -- is Apple's
fastest-growing major market and is the company's third-biggest globally, after
the Americas and Europe. Apple reported sales of $5.9 billion in greater China
from April to June, a 28 percent increase from the same period a year earlier.
By contrast, sales in other regions grew 1 to 6 percent. Greater China accounted
for 16 percent of Apple's total revenue in the three-month period, up from 13
percent a year earlier.

Apple was quick to respond when it was singled out by the CCTV report in July,
which said an iPhone function that allowed a user's location to be tracked could
put state secrets at risk.

''We appreciate CCTV's effort to help educate customers on a topic we think is
very important,'' Apple said in a statement responding to the report, rejecting
accusations that the company tracks users' locations. ''We want to make sure all
of our customers in China are clear about what we do and we don't do when it
comes to privacy and your personal data.''

''Apple has never worked with any government agency from any country to create a
back door in any of our products or services,'' the statement said. ''We have
also never allowed access to our servers. And we never will. It's something we
feel very strongly about.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2014/09/11/business/international/release-of-
iphone-6-delayed-in-china.html

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Apple introduced its iPhone 6, left, and larger iPhone 6 Plus on
Tuesday. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JIM WILSON/THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              485 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                    September 10, 2015 Thursday 1:27 AM GMT

Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus: faster processors, better cameras, 3D Touch;
Next generation smartphone launched in San Francisco features a
pressure-sensitive screen, 12-megapixel camera and stronger screen and body

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 981 words


Apple has unveiled the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, the next generation of its
smartphones, with faster processors, longer battery life, improved cameras and
new "3D Touch" gestures.

Apple chief executive Tim Cook took to the stage in San Francisco's Bill Graham
Civic Auditorium to announce the new iPhones, along with a series of updates to
the company's other products including the iPad Pro and Apple TV.

As with all previous iPhone updates, the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus have faster, more
powerful processors - the Apple A9 replacing the A8 from last year's iPhone 6.

The new A9 processor will have 70% faster performance and 90% faster graphics,
but will also boost battery life in conjunction with Apple's new version of the
iPhone's operating system, iOS 9.

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus will also support LTE Advanced, a faster version of 4G
currently supported by EE and Vodafone in the UK and rival manufacturers Samsung
and LG. The new iPhones will also Wi-Fi calling that can be used when no mobile
phone signal is available, which currently supported by EE in the UK.

Pressure sensitivity

The standout feature of the new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus is the new touchscreen
technology called 3D Touch. First introduced with the Apple Watch as Force Touch
and then the Apple MacBook trackpad, the pressure-sensitive touchscreen can
detect various types of tap. From a single traditional tap to heavier presses,
each gesture can produce a different interaction with the smartphone.

"We've fitted brand new glass, the strongest in the industry X-ion. And we've
improved on multitouch with 3D touch, a tremendous breakthrough in interacting
with the smartphone," said Phil Schiller on stage. "It took our unique
combination between our hardware and software developer teams to make it work."

New gestures, peek and pop, allow users to lightly touch to get a preview of
media or other item such as an email - a peek - and press longer and harder to
pop out the content for a full view.

The gestures can also activate an activity menu to jump to particular places
within an app. The pressure-sensitive touches are accompanied by Apple's Taptic
engine, first introduced with the Apple Watch, vibrating with short, tap-like
feedback.

Apple has also improved the Touch ID fingerprint sensor to make it twice as fast
for unlocking the device and authenticating purchases with Apple Pay.

Better camera

Apple has also improved the 8-megapixel camera of the iPhone 6, fitting a new,
more powerful 12-megapixel sensor on the back. The new addition is capable of
shooting 4K video and takes on Samsung and other rivals with their 16-megapixel,
feature-rich cameras. Apple's iMovie app on the iPhone 6S can also edit video in
4K.

The front-facing selfie camera has also been improved with a new 5-megapixel
sensor, Apple's first upgrade to the front camera since the 1.2-megapixel sensor
of 2012's iPhone 5. The phone will use the screen to mimic a camera flash for
front-facing photos.

The new iPhone can also shoot so-called Live Photos, which capture video and
sound along with a photo for 1.5 seconds each side of the capture event, very
similar to HTC's Zoe feature introduced with its One M7 smartphone in 2013.

Following the apparent bending of the iPhone 6 Plus within user pockets, Apple
has used a new stronger aluminium for the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus frames. The
"7,000 series aluminium" was first introduced with the Apple Watch Sport and is
60% stronger than standard aluminium alloys, according to Apple.

The stronger aluminium should help prevent the iPhone from bending, but could
also increase the smartphone's scratch resistance.

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus will also be available in a new rose-gold colour, the
pink gold will be sold in addition to the gold variant, which was first
introduced with the iPhone 5S in 2013, primarily to appeal to the Chinese
market. Apple claimed 9% of the smartphones shipped in China in the second
quarter of 2015 ranking it third in the country, according to data from Strategy
Analytics.

Tick, tock

Apple's traditional release schedule for smartphones has seen a bigger redesign
every two years - the "tick" in the cycle - with improved processors and a few
new features every other year making up the "tock" in the cycle. Intel and
others also use the tick, tock product cycle, traditionally displaying improved
battery life on the tick.

Related: Why is Apple customers' appetite for its products insatiable?

The iPhone 6 was the tick, which means the iPhone 6S is the tock. Whether a few
improved specifications and a few new features, some of which will come to
2014's iPhone 6 through software updates, will be enough to continue to woo
customers remains to be seen.

Apple is locked in battle with its chief rival Samsung, where only around 20% of
users ever switch between the two manufacturers in the UK. Apple's iPhone 6 and
6 Plus, the company's largest smartphones helped to attract more to switch. They
will hope it has done enough with the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus to continue that
trend.

Apple secured 18.2% of the global smartphone market with 61.2m sales in the
first quarter of 2015, putting it second behind Samsung with 82.4m smartphones
and 24.5% according to data from IDC. Both companies lead Lenovo by some margin,
which sold 18.8m smartphones securing 5.6% of the market and in third place.

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus will cost the same as last year's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus,
£539 and up and £619 and up, respectively. Apple is also rolling out a monthly
instalment plan costing $32 a month in the US.

Both will be available to pre-order from 12 September and will start to be
released in the US, UK and Europe on 25 September, with other markets following
later.

· Apple supersizes its tablet with new 12.9in iPad Pro

· Apple TV upgrade brings App Store into living room

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              486 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                                 Hobart Edition

Apple bites Aussie fans

BYLINE: ROD CHESTER and ANDREW JEFFERSON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 356  words


AUSTRALIANS will pay 20 per cent more than United States customers when the new
iPhone 6 is released next week.

Apple yesterday launched two big-screen iPhones to tackle the phablet threat, a
tap-and-touch payment system to kill your wallet and a wearable -device it hopes
will rule them all.

The details of the new -iPhones have been widely leaked, but there were some
surprises including the name of the biggest phone in the Apple family, the
iPhone 6 Plus.

The iPhone 6 is a 4.7-inch phone and the iPhone 6 Plus is a 5.5-inch phone and
both allow Apple to follow the market trend of bigger is better.

The iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus will both have NFC (near-field
communication), a wireless communication system some Android phones embraced
years ago that enables people to pay for goods with a tap-and-touch of their
phone at shop checkouts.

The payment system begins in America in October, but there are no details yet of
when it might be released in Australia and what banks, credit cards and
merchants will be involved.

After years of rumours that Apple was working on a wearable device, the Apple
Watch also was finally unveiled yesterday.

The device will come in two sizes, a 38mm and a 42mm watchface, and three
models, all of which have interchangeable bands, and will target consumers
across a wide range, from those wanting an activity tracker to those looking for
an upmarket timepiece.

The latest iPhone range goes on sale here from September 19, with Australians
set to be slugged harder than anywhere else in the world.

Prices for the iPhone 6 start at $869 in Australia compared to $707 in the US.
The iPhone 6 Plus will retail from $999 in Australia and $816 in the US.

Australian customers can pre-order the new phones from tomorrow. While an
Australian price for the Apple Watch has not yet been announced, it will retail
in the US from $349.

Consumer group Choice spokesman Tom Godfrey said: "While this isn't the most
excessive example of the Australia Tax, it highlights yet again Australians are
face digital discrimination.""Apple needs to justify why it continues to take
larger bites out of Aussie wallets," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Hobart Mercury


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              487 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             hollywoodreporter.com

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

Apple iPhone 6 Sets Pre-Sale Record Despite Online Ordering Snags

BYLINE: Natalie Jarvey

SECTION: NEWS; TAG

LENGTH: 235  words


Apple says that it has processed a record number of pre-orders for the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plussince the new devices went on sale just after midnight on
Friday.

A representative for the Cupertino tech giant told Recodethat the "response to
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus has been incredible with a record number of preorders
overnight." The company has not announced how many units it has sold of the new
device. The last time it announced pre-order sales was in 2012 when the iPhone 5
topped more than 2 million orders in its first 24 hours.

Strong pre-sales does not necessarily indicate the the iPhone 6 will surpass
previous phone sales, but it's a good sign that the new model is on its way to
becoming a hit. And the demand is notable. The larger iPhone 6 Plus model
appears to be sold out, with the Apple Store and all major carriers reporting
shipping delays.

That demand has caused some problems for customers itching to get their hands on
the new devices. The Apple Store website was down for many customers, and it
wasn't necessarily easier to purchase the phone through the major carriers.
Sprint, T-Mobile, Verizon Wireless and AT&T all experienced outages or delays
during the early hours of the morning.

The iPhone 6 goes on sale Sept. 19 in more than 100 countries, starting at $199
with a two-year carrier contract. The iPhone 6 Plus starts at $299.

Email: Natalie.Jarvey@THR.comTwitter: @NatJarv

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: ONLINE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                    Copyright 2014 VNU Business Media, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              488 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday

Report: iPhone 6 to be Revealed on September 9

LENGTH: 183  words


Stop twiddling your thumbs for the next iPhone. If a report from Recode is
accurate, Apple is prepping to launch the iPhone 6 very soon. According to the
report, Apple will be hosting an event on September 9. The company is known to
reveal its new smartphones at events taking place in Fall, so expect [...]
The post Report: iPhone 6 to be Revealed on September 9 appeared first on
tbreak.ae.

Stop twiddling your thumbs for the next iPhone. If a report from Recode is
accurate, Apple is prepping to launch the iPhone 6 very soon.

According to the report, Apple will be hosting an event on September 9. The
company is known to reveal its new smartphones at events taking place in Fall,
so expect a look at the new iteration of the iPhone on the day.

The rumor mill has been pretty active lately, suggesting that Apple may release
two iPhones this year: a 4.7-inch and a 5.5-inch model. It would be interesting
to see how Apple tackles a bigger screen as iPhones have traditionally been
modeled to be used with a single palm.

The post Report: iPhone 6 to be Revealed on September 9 appeared first on
tbreak.ae.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2014 TBREAK MEDIA
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              489 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                              July 7, 2014 Monday

Leaked? Apple's phablet version of iPhone 6 to be named 'iPhone Air'; launch
date on September 25

BYLINE: Ruchi Kumar

LENGTH: 232  words


Leaked information and fake rendition create a defining picture of what Apple's
next iPhone might look like. Launch dates presumed to be some time mid-September

If industry sources are to be believed, Apple enthusiasts can expect the launch
of the next iPhone as early as September 25.

Apple Insider reported on Thursday, quoting a Chinese language website, that
Apple might announce the iPhone 6 by September 15, ten days ahead of formally
launching it in the first group of countries.

Apple Insider, however, has its doubts, considering that Apple has always
launched a product on a Friday and September 25 is a Thursday. Price-wise, the
4.7-inch iPhone 6, a 32 GB model, is speculated to cost around $850.

iPhone Air?

Another rumour that has taken the internet with a frenzy is talks of a new
5.5-inch "phablet" version of the next iPhone being dubbed the 'iPhone Air'.
Mockups of this alleged new phone that have already surfaced all over the
internet, show a sleeker gadget with a larger screen and rounded edges,
competing with the likes of HTC One.

This sleeker version of the iPhone, if true, is pegged to cost the user around
around $1000. iPhone 6 and the 5.5-inch iPhone phablet are both expected to have
similar specs.

Earlier, French website Nowwhereelse.fr had shown 'leaked' images of what is
presumably the new iPhone 6 battery, which they claim to be sourced from a
Taiwanese website

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2014 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              490 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           February 13, 2014 Thursday

Photos: first glimpse of iPhone 6

BYLINE: Liu Zheng

LENGTH: 428  words


A series of pictures reportedly of iPhone 6, the upcoming version of Apple's
smartphone device, was released on Thursday morning by Australian blogger Sonny
Dickson on sonnydickson.com.

A likely iPhone 6 photo that released on Feb 13, 2014 by Australian blogger
Sonny Dickson on sonnydickson.com. [Photo / sonnydickson.com]

For Apple fans, discussing the upcoming launch of iPhone 6 has become a part of
their daily chat sinceiPhone 5C and iPhone 5S hit shelves last September.

A series of pictures reportedly of iPhone 6, the upcoming version of Apple's
smartphone device, was released on Thursday morning by Australian blogger Sonny
Dickson on sonnydickson.com.

Rumors suggest that the screen of iPhone 6 will be bigger than the screen of
previous versions. The design will be like a cross between the current iPad Air
and the iPod Touch. It will be definitely thinner than the current iPhone 5S,
says Dickson.

Meanwhile, @mornray886, a random twitter account, that has also posted the same
pictures has already scooped more than 300 followers on the micro-blog site.

According to an earlier report by Reuters, Dickson, an Australian teenager who
lives in suburban Melbourne, attracted attention in August after he released
detailed pictures and videos of the new grey and champagne casing on the
upcoming Apple products.

He accurately posted the details on his site about iPhone 5C that came in
plastic colors and the casings for the iPad Air, and theiPad Miniwith Retina
display, said Business Insider.

He has five to ten sources in China who buy Apple prototype parts directly from
factory-line workers, which are then sold for $250 to $500. His sources then
send him photos and videos of the parts, which are posted under his name on his
website and YouTube channel, which generate ad revenue, said Reuters.

A likely iPhone 6 photo that posted by @mornray886, a random twitter account on
Feb 13, 2014 on the micro-blog site. [Photo / @mornray886]

Gadget special: iPad Air
Apple's 'low-end' phone price disappointing

A likely iPhone 6 photo that posted by @mornray886, a random twitter account on
Feb 13, 2014 on the micro-blog site. [Photo / @mornray886]

A likely iPhone 6 photo that posted by @mornray886, a random twitter account on
Feb 13, 2014 on the micro-blog site. [Photo / @mornray886]

Gadget special: iPad Air
Apple's 'low-end' phone price disappointing

A likely iPhone 6 photo that posted by @mornray886, a random twitter account on
Feb 13, 2014 on the micro-blog site. [Photo / @mornray886]

Gadget special: iPad Air
Apple's 'low-end' phone price disappointing

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              491 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                           December 13, 2013, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending Dec. 12;
Curvemania, launch date boldness, Samsung nips chip slip

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1769 words


The iOSphere quivered with the knowledge that we are just months away from being
able to caress Apple's first curveddisplay, which will appear in the iPhone 6.
This sure and certain knowledge is due to the fact that Apple just received a
patent for a curved display.

Technically, it's a patent for a way to form a curved display. But let's not
quibble with Innovation, please.

Also this week: bold predictions about when iPhone 6 will be announced, which
when analyzed suggest that a bit more timidity is in order; and amazement greets
recycled rumors that Samsung will continue to make A8 chips for the iPhone 6.

You read it here second.

iPhone 6 will have a curved display because Apple just patented one The
iOSphere's fascination with curved screens remains one of those inexplicable
geek obsessions that instantly become Conventional Wisdom in spite of Common
Sense.

AppleInsider's Mikey Campbell apparently was among the first to see a new U.S.
patent award to Apple, posted about.  Campbell correctly described that patent
as being for a "manufacturing technique." In the words of the patent itself, it
is for "A method of forming a curved touch surface." But plenty of people
interpreted this as being a patent for a "curved screen."

You can find Patent number 8,603,574 online, filled with fascinating details,
most of which none of the posters (including this one) can explain, such as
"Drive signals can be transmitted through the drive electrodes, resulting in
signal (mutual) capacitances between the drive and sense electrodes at the
intersection (touch pixels) of the drive electrodes and the sense electrodes."

Rumors about curved screens for Apple devices have been circulating and
recirculating for ... well, it seems like forever.

Sometimes it's a display that curves outward (convex) or inward (concave);
sometimes, it's a display with edges that curve the edges of the phone. None of
these rumors really bother to explain why a curved screen - of any type -- for a
phone or tablet would be a breakthrough in the mobile user experience.

But CNET's Jessica Dolcourt has a review of one of the few curved screen phones
on the market today: the Samsung Galaxy Round.

It's a convex screen in a curved body.  "I was surprised at how much I liked the
feel of the Round's curvy dimensions, which make it the most comfortable phone
that's ever cupped my ear, hand, and pockets," she writes. So what does the
curve add to the mobile experience?

The Round is a "bit more comfortable to carry, and sit on, in jeans," and it's a
"sturdier platform for holding the phone."

The curve changes the way light reaches the eye in such a way, she says, that it
"helps make [screen] reflections less distracting."

That's it. Tight jeans wearers, take note.

Campbell admits, at the end of his post, that "It is unclear if Apple will use
the above-described method in a consumer product, though curved displays seem to
be en vogue at the moment." The en-vogueness consists entirely of the Galaxy
Round, and the recently unveiled LG G Flex.

iPhone 6 will be released before the end of 2014 At Valuewalk, Vikas Shukla
boldly goes where no one has gone before.  "Apple Inc. hasn't officially
announced the release date (or anything for that matter) of the iPhone 6," he
confesses. But.

"Rumors and media reports suggest that an iPhone 6 with a larger screen could
hit the market by the end of 2014."

This is like saying "Rumors and media reports suggest that the final two teams
in Super Bowl XLVIII will be decided before February 2014."

There's more!

"Apple Inc.'s next smartphone is expected to be the best smartphone ever made,
nothing less," Shukla declares.

And there's more, because "some analysts" are more optimistic that we won't have
to wait until the very last day of 2014 to get our hands on the Best Smartphone
Ever Made. "Some analysts believe that the Cupertino-based tech giant could
bring the iPhone 6 sooner," Shukla says.

Sooner than Dec. 31, 2014. If that isn't a great 2013 Christmas present, what
is?

iPhone 6 will be announced in June 2014....or fall of 2014 Like nature, the
iOSphere abhors a vacuum. International Business Times steps up and steps into
it.

For those who might not be familiar with Apple's iPhone history, IBT's Karla
Danica Figuerres offers some context. "There are not much official information
about the iPhone 6 just yet, but generally Apple releases its iPhones for two
years and delivers a couple of specs boosts in the second year - which is the
iPhone 5s now," she explains. "With that information, the iPhone 6 will be a
total revamp from its predecessor and it might be the best smartphone ever
made."

The Rollup isn't sure her opening statement actually rises to the level of
"information" as the term is generally understood.

"There is not much official information about the next U.S. Presidential
election, but generally, one occurs every four years, so there's a good chance
another will be held in 2016."

But it's enough information for Figuerres. She deduces an urgent message for
customers. "The release date and the price are two of the most important reasons
why customers should wait for the next generation iPhone," she counsels.

So please, please all you millions and millions of people worldwide who are
buying iPhone 5C and 5S ... stop already!

Anyway, what about the date?

According to Figuerres, Apple is "a little bit behind the curve in terms of
[smartphone] specs" so "the iPhone 6 needs to assert itself again into being the
provider of premier smartphones....Given that, the iPhone 6 release date may
come sooner as analysts think Apple will shorten its upgrade cycle and will
release the iPhone 6 in June 2014," she explains.

Except for the analysts from Citi Research who think Apple will announce an iPad
Maxi, with a 12.9-inch display, by that date instead. "Based on their
discussions, the iPhone 6 is likely to maintain its late-September launch,"
Figuerres says, without bothering to explain why. On the other hand. "On the
other hand, the iPhone 6 might be released during the Worldwide Developers
Conference which Apple hosts every summer," she explains.

So iPhone 6 likely could be announced in June 2014 at WWDC. Or it likely could
be announced in September 2014. But we know it will be announced sometime
"mainly because a new iPhone is released every year."

There's no arguing that.

iPhone 6 will have an A8 chip from Samsung after all For no discernable reason,
this rumor is being resurrected, almost unchanged from its appearance barely two
months ago.

The rumor repeaters seem amazed if not stunned that Samsung, the longtime,
almost exclusive source for Apple's A series processors and much else that goes
into iPhones and iPads, is "still" going to be a source in 2014 for the iPhone
6.

The primary driver for the rumor is the Certain Conviction, unsupported by any
real evidence, that because Apple and Samsung compete in smartphones, and
therefore hate each other's guts, Apple must be trying to dispense with all the
other Samsung business units that produce display panels, memory, processors,
and more.

Oddly, there never seems to be a version of this rumor wherein Samsung hates
Apple so much that it's trying to drop Apple as a customer and instead find
other device makers that will buy millions of its chips, displays, and other
components.

To Ubergizmo's Tyler Lee, it's all self-evident.  "With Samsung and Apple at
each other's throats over alleged patent infringements, with both sides taking
swings at each other, it is hardly a surprise that their business relationship
has suffered," he declares, not bothering to cite any evidence whatsoever that
their business relationship has suffered in the slightest.

"While it has not been confirmed," Lee continues, "it has been often rumored
that Apple is looking to distance themselves from Samsung to reduce their
reliance on the South Korean tech giant, but according to recent rumors, it
seems that despite Apple's attempts to phase Samsung out of their production,
Samsung is reportedly going to be involved with the production of the A8 chipset
which is rumored to make an appearance in the iPhone 6."

Does it have to be pointed out that there is simply nothing - as in "nothing" -
to this "analysis?" The only factual part of Lee's sentence is that "it has not
been confirmed."

Taiwan's TSMC reportedly, according to a Wall Street Journal story, signed a
deal with Apple in summer 2013 to supply 20-nanometer A series chips...at some
point in the future. The story cited a range of unnamed, executive-level sources
(including some former executives at Apple), at various supply chain companies
and TSMC. The real point of the article was about how tightly Apple and Samsung
are bound together. Even from the standpoint of managing supply chain risk
through multi-sourcing, unwinding that bond's threads, and finding reliable
sources for high quality alternatives, is a time-consuming process.

The Journal notes that Apple began looking for additional flash memory
suppliers, other than Samsung, in 2008; that it started talking to TSMC in 2010.
The first Samsung Galaxy S smartphone was announced in May 2010 and released a
month later.

Lee claims the rumors claim that Samsung will have 30 percent to 40 percent of
the A8 production, with TSMC responsible for the rest. Take that with a grain of
silicon.

"While Cupertino has involved Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC)
into the manufacturing of its A-series processors, there is clear evidence that
Samsung will be deeply involved in production of the A8 chip for the iPhone 6,"
says Michael Nace, editor of the iPhone6NewsBlog.

Apart from other rumors, the only "clear evidence" he cites is an unlinked
reference to a Korean newspaper story (picked up in posts like this one from The
Verge), which cited unnamed industry sources who claimed that Apple plans to
shift 60 percent to 70 percent of A8 processing to TSMC, leaving, if you do the
math, 30 percent to 40 percent with Samsung.

"Samsung is definitely being phased out," Nace concludes confidently. But that
depends on what one means by "phased out."

There's little evidence that Apple is primarily focused on shutting down its
multiple component relationships with Samsung.

It may well be adjusting those, seeking to both improve and develop other
component sources. Even if Apple does shift a majority of A8 chip production to
TSMC, Samsung could still be a main, even a primary, source for other A series
chips, and other components, in the future.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network
World.Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              492 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                            October 7, 2014 Tuesday

iPhone 6 to sell in India at starting price of R53,500

LENGTH: 125  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be sold in India from October 17 at
starting price of Rs 53,500. Pre-orders for the phones will begin on Tuesday.

Both iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus come in three versions in terms of storage: 16
GB, 64 GB and 128 GB.

The Apple iPhone 6 16 GB is priced Rs 53,500, the 64 Gb at Rs 62,500 and 128 GB
at Rs 71,500. The three iPhone 6 plus models have been priced at Rs 62,500,
71,500 and Rs 80,500, respectively. This will make the new iPhones the costliest
mobile phones available in the Indian market.

The phones in India are, however, priced about 10-17 per cent higher compared to
its retail price in US. Amazon website showed that iPhone 6 is selling for
around $750 in the US which amounts to about Rs 46,000. With PTI

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              493 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                           September 29, 2014, Monday

iPhones prove tough to bend;
Consumer Reports said iPhone 6 began to deform at 90 pounds of force

BYLINE: Bloomberg News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P8A

LENGTH: 277 words


SAN FRANCISCO - Facing an Internet outcry about their malleability, Apple's new
iPhones proved fit for daily use, and difficult to bend, in lab tests run by
Consumer Reports magazine.

Stress tests on the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, along with comparable smartphones from
competitors, showed that it took "significant force to damage any of the
devices, Consumer Reports said in results of a study published on its website.
HTC Corp.'s HTC One M8 and Samsung Electronics's Galaxy Note 3 were among the
other devices.

"All the phones we tested showed themselves to be pretty tough, the report said.
"We expect that any of these phones should stand up to typical use.

Following uproar in social media including claims the new iPhone 6 Plus bends if
it's sat upon or if enough pressure is placed on it, Apple has said bending of
its devices is "extremely rare. Only nine customers had contacted Apple about a
bent iPhone 6 Plus, the Cupertino, Calif.-based company said in a Sept. 25
statement.

The iPhone 6 Plus began to deform after 90 pounds of force was applied and the
iPhone 6 stood up to pressure until 70 pounds was applied, the same as the HTC
One M8, according to Consumer Reports. The Galaxy Note 3 was damaged at 150
pounds. All devices withstood 55 pounds, the force needed to break three
pencils, the magazine said.

"Bear in mind that it took significant force to do this kind of damage to all
these phones, Consumer Reports said. "Both iPhones seem tougher than the
Internet fracas implies.

The iPhone 6 Plus, a 5.5-inch screen device, which is the biggest smartphone in
Apple's lineup, became available for sale last week, along with the other new
model, the iPhone 6.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              494 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           January 10, 2015 Saturday

Apple may find its new core in China

BYLINE: Jack Freifelder in New York

LENGTH: 537  words


Increasing demand in China for Apple Inc's latest flagship devices, the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus, has spurred consumers there to buy more of the devices than
their American counterparts for the first time, data from Switzerland-based
financial services company UBS AG showed.

Increasing demand in China for Apple Inc's latest flagship devices, the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus, has spurred consumers there to buy more of the devices than
their American counterparts for the first time, data from Switzerland-based
financial services company UBS AG showed.

"Recent data suggest that iPhone demand saw considerable growth in China, even
finding that China could constitute as much as 35 percent of shipments in the
quarter compared with 22 percent a year ago," Steven Milunovich, an analyst with
UBS, wrote in a research note published on Wednesday.

The US share of iPhone sales is expected to dip from 29 percent a year ago to 24
percent in the first quarter of 2015, he wrote.

Milunovich, who covers Apple for UBS, said the iPhone has seen significant gains
in the world's second-largest economy since the device was rolled out in
October.

Estimates from UBS show that Apple sold 69.3 million iPhones in the fourth
quarter of 2014, a new quarterly record for the Cupertino, California-based tech
company. The figure beat the consensus estimate of 65.5 million devices.

Apple's distribution agreement with China Mobile Ltd, the world's largest mobile
phone operator, could be one of the reasons for the uptick, Milunovich said.

"China Mobile's distribution agreement with Apple was signed in late December
2013 and Apple began shipping the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in October, so it seems
reasonable that demand in China surged relative to other regions," he wrote.

In October, Apple's new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus arrived in China despite a
regulatory delay in the rollout. Heavy interest from Chinese consumers helped
Apple sell nearly 10 million units within three days of the initial sell date on
JD, the e-commerce platform of JD.com Inc.

At the end of the third quarter of last year, the iPhone held 18.1 percent of
market share in China. In the US, nearly half of all smartphones sold (47.3
percent) were iPhones, according to international market research firm Kantar
Worldpanel.

Apple also posted its largest third-quarter sales volume figure in 2014,
according to data from the International Data Corp. The company boosted its
global smartphone shipments to more than 39 million units, second worldwide
behind Samsung Electronics Co (78 million units).

Samsung, based in Suwon, South Korea, remained the world's largest smartphone
vendor in the third quarter of 2014, with 23.7 percent of the market, followed
by Apple with 11.7 percent.

Other global players, including Chinese companies like Xiaomi Corp and Lenovo
Group Ltd have also managed to squeeze into the fray.

Xiaomi and Lenovo were ranked third and fourth on that list, with 5.2 percent
and 5.1 percent shares, respectively.

jackfreifelder@chinadailyusa.com

An Apple Inc store in Xuchang, Henan province. At the end of the third quarter
of last year, Apple held 18.1 percent of smartphone market share in China. Gen
Guoqing / for China Daily

(China Daily 01/10/2015 page7)

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              495 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Asian Image

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

Jameel and Sam are first to get hold of new iPhone 6

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 392 words


One of the first people to get his hands on the new iPhone this morning felt "on
top of the world" and said he wanted to celebrate by taking a selfie.

Jameel Ahmed, 26, and his friend Sam Sheikh, 27, originally from India and now
living in London, were the first two technology fans through the doors of the
Apple store in Covent Garden to pick up the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
handsets.

Leaving with his purchase, Mr Ahmed said he was "really excited", adding: "I'd
like to open it and take my selfie."

Hundreds of people queued outside the store and took part in a 10-second
countdown before the doors opened at 8am and cheering fans were escorted in by
staff.

The US company announced the new devices to much fanfare at a highly anticipated
event in California last week.

Some fans were so keen to get their hands on the new iPhones they began camping
outside the Apple store in Regent Street, London, on Monday.

Around 30 or so people set up camp outside the store yesterday, with tents,
tables and chairs and even bottles of wine bearing testimony to their
dedication.

Mr Ahmed said: "It's a challenge with my friends that I'll have the iPhone
first."

Mr Sheikh said he was glad his pursuit of a new iPhone was more successful than
his last attempt, when he queued for almost seven nights and felt like a
"loser". He said he was feeling "very excited, very content, very successful".
On Monday Apple announced a record number of first day pre-orders of the two
handsets, with more than four million in the first 24 hours.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are available in 10 countries from today,
including the UK, the US, Australia and Singapore, and a further 20 next Friday.

Both handsets will be available in new sizes for the first time, with the iPhone
6 offering a 4.7in screen, while the 6 Plus boasts the biggest screen Apple has
ever produced for a smartphone at 5.5in.

Network operator EE said it will ensure that customers who pre-ordered new
handsets through Phones 4u, which went into administration on Sunday, would
still be able to get them in its stores.

A spokesman said: "All across the country we have set aside iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus handsets, enough for Phones 4u customers who pre-ordered iPhones on EE
through Phones 4u.

"If they go into EE stores and show their pre-order receipts they will be able
to claim one of the devices."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              496 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                      October 20, 2014 Monday 6:30 AM EST

SOLD OUT! Apple iPhones out of stock, fresh lot to arrive in 3 days

LENGTH: 185  words


According to fresh reports Apple has sold out the 55,000 units of Apple iPhones
it got into India for the first round of sale.

The sale of iPhone started in India on midnight of 16th October and the company
sold 35,000 units in the first 12 hours of sale. By the 19th October the it sold
all the 55,000 units in India (that is in 72 hours of launch).

According to a report in the Hindustan Times "the first batch of 55,000 Iphone 6
and iPhone 6Plus units shipped to India are sold out." The waiting time for
those who aspire for a new iPhone is now 3 days, when the stocks will be
replenished.

According to the report sources from Apple has confirmed the arrival of new
stocks of Iphone 6 and 6 Plus in thee days.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are 4.7 inch  and 5.5 inch screen smartphones launched
by Apple this year.   The two are available in 16GB, 64GB and 128GB storage
variants priced at INR 53,500, INR 62,500 and INR 71,500, respectively (for
iPhone 6) and INR 62,500, INR 71,500 and INR 80,500, respectively (for iPhone 6
Plus). The new iPhones sport the latest 64-bit A8 chip and runs the iOS 8
operating system.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              497 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                          November 26, 2014 Wednesday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Bigger iPhones are leading to tablet neglect

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 343 words


If you are one of the 39 million consumers that have so far snapped up one of
Apple's new larger iPhones, chances are that your iPad has started to gather
dust.

Pocket, the app that allows users to save articles and videos for later
consumption, has been analyzing its own app data to see if the launch of Apple
smartphones with larger screens is changing their owners' behavior.

After checking over 2 million uses of its app, it found that people who own both
a new iPhone and an iPad are going to their tablets less and less.

For example, Pocket app users that own an iPhone 5 or 5S and an iPad go to their
phone 55 percent of the time to retrieve an article or video saved in Pocket and
to the tablet 45 percent of the time. However, iPhone 6 Plus owners, who are in
possession of a phone with a 5.5-inch display, are now consuming this saved
content 80 percent of the time on their handsets and only 20 percent of the time
on their iPad.

Pocket also found that the bigger the phone's screen, the bigger the chance that
videos are going to be viewed -- iPhone 6 Plus owners open nearly 40 percent
more video in Pocket than iPhone 5 or 5S owners and 16 percent more than iPhone
6 owners.

Bigger phones also mean being able to leave the tablet at home -- over a given
weekend, iPhone 6 Plus users viewed 67 percent more content on their phone than
those with a smaller iPhone.

However, Pocket also noted that not all content is devoured in greater
quantities when the user has access to a laager handset -- iPhone 6 Plus owners
read 22 percent less in the mornings compared with iPhone 5, 5S or iPhone 6
owners. Pocket suggests that this is because a larger device is much harder to
hold with one hand while traveling on public transport.

As a result, Apple device owners are starting to fall in line with their Android
counterparts where average display sizes have historically been larger than
those on the iPhone. Pocket's data shows that when a user has both an Android
phone and an Android tablet, 80 percent of saved content is viewed or read via
their handset.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2014 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              498 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

iPhone release draws hundreds to Corte Madera Apple Store

BYLINE: By Laith Agha lagha@marinij.com @LaithAgha on Twitter

SECTION: MARIN; News

LENGTH: 636 words


While waiting in line Friday to buy a new iPhone 6, Mona Helen Renney of Tiburon
reflected on the first time she joined a release-day frenzy to buy the world's
most popular smartphone.

It was the day the first ever iPhone was released in 2007, she said, "and I've
been addicted ever since."

The mother of four   who said she would leave if her wait lasted more than two
hours   was one of hundreds who spent hours waiting to get into the Apple Store
at The Village at Corte Madera the morning of the new iPhone's release, pining
to get their hands on one of the two versions of the new device.

The iPhone 6 and its larger derivative, the iPhone 6 Plus, are stirring up a
frenzy of interest for being bigger than previous iPhone models and for having
longer battery life.

Two lines   one for those who pre-ordered their smartphones online and one for
everyone else   formed in front of the store, flaring out in either direction.
While the pre-order line included several dozen customers when the store opened,
several hundred stood in the line, which stretched longer than a football field,
down to the Williams-Sonoma store.

While the store ran out of the iPhone 6 Plus within 90 minutes, store employees
assured customers plenty of regular iPhone 6 devices were in stock. Store
manager Jeannine Nittner said it is against company policy to release sales or
inventory numbers of individual stores.

"The goal is to put as many smiles on faces as we can," Nittner said.

The store usually opens at 10 a.m. on weekdays, but doors flung open at 8 a.m.
Friday in anticipation of the day's expected increase in sales.

"This is by far the largest crowd I've been in" for an iPhone release day, said
Anton Prikash, a software developer from Corte Madera.

Prikash said Friday marked the third time he had waited in line to buy an iPhone
on the first day a new model became available to the public.

The rage was enough to inspire dozens to camp overnight at The Village, some
arriving as early as 6 p.m. Thursday to stake their spot in line.

Alberto Navarro of Oakland arrived at 9 p.m., and spent the night sitting in a
metal fold-out chair, watching episodes of "Dr. Who" and various anime
television series on his iPad.

"I dozed off a couple times, but I pretty much stayed awake the whole night,"
Navarro said. "I made a mistake by not bringing a jacket. It got chilly."

Navarro, wearing blue jeans and a yellow Oakland A's jersey, estimated that he
was the 35th person in line.

"It's everybody's goal, to have the next hot thing," he said.

The new iPhone was such a smash hit in Corte Madera that even legendary slugger
Barry Bonds showed up to buy one.

The former San Francisco Giants star and Major League Baseball's all-time home
run leader was greeted with cheers, including a male voice that yelled, "I love
you, Barry," as he exited the Apple Store with a friend. Bonds posed for a photo
with a fan in the shopping center parking lot before driving off.

People stood in line with their dogs on leashes or babies in strollers. Many sat
in some sort of chair   mostly collapsible camping chairs, but some sat on metal
chairs, such as the one Navarro sat in, provided by the Apple Store. One woman
worked on her laptop while sitting on a stool, which she dragged forward every
time the line moved.

A handful of people declined to give their names, saying they were supposed to
be elsewhere and didn't want to be outed through a media publication.

But not everyone who stood in line on Friday was caught up in the excitement of
the iPhone 6's release. Some said it was just time to get a new phone.

"I'm only doing it because I'm due for an upgrade," said Sophie Priolo of San
Rafael, frustrated by the prospect of waiting in line for a while. "I don't even
know what (the new iPhone) does differently. I'm tempted to just come back on
Monday."

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Hundreds of iPhone enthusiasts stand in line to buy the new iPhone 6 on
its release day Friday at The Village at Corte Madera.
A stool was one of many types of seats Apple Store customers used while waiting
hours in line for the new iPhone 6 at The Village at Corte Madera on Friday.
The new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are displayed in the Apple Store front
window, as the store's first customers shop for their new smartphones on Friday
at The Village at Corte Madera.
Apple store employees clap for Larry Gadea, the first customer to leave with a
new iPhone on Friday at The Village at Corte Madera. Customers began lining up
for the Friday release of the new smartphone at 6 p.m. the day before.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2014 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                              499 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                          December 20, 2012, Thursday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending Dec. 21;
Hopes for spring, pre-shattered touchscreens, cool duals

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1098 words


The holiday preparations took their toll on the iOSphere this week, as rumorers,
distracted by ordering and buying thelatest Apple products, cut back on their
speculative output about future ones.

There are new and still completely unjustified rumors that Apple plans to
release the next iPhone, which will be either iPhone 6 or iPhone 5S, in the
January-March time frame. Also this week: a news report that an interim model,
the 5C, with pre-shattered touchscreens, will be released before the iPhone 6;
and dual-LED, dual-color flash for iPhone 6.

You read it here second.

__________ "The rumor came with no evidence (certainly no photos) but it's
seemingly too odd to be made up."

~ "Peter," at GSMArena, posting about an anonymous tip and providing this week's
most compelling iOS rumor assessment criteria: its credibility is directly
proportional to its oddness.

__________ iPhone 6 will be released Q1 2013 International Digital Times asserts
that the Next iPhone will be released in the January-March 2013 time frame
because of a "report" released by independent analyst Horace Dediu, founder of
Asymco.

The post is headlined "iPhone 6 Release Date 2013: First Quarter Launch For New
Apple Smartphone [REPORT]." As is often the case, the text of the post is
somewhat different. Dediu "has released a report stating that starting in 2013
Apple will release a new generation of each device (iPhones and iPads) every six
months, as opposed to the one year product cycle we've seen since the first
iPhone debuted in 2007."

And what's more, "Dediu's report is based on an official statement from former
Apple CEO John Sculley."

IDT is pretty dismissive of Sculley. "We're not sure how credible Sculley, who
left Apple back in 1993, is when it comes to the electronics company's current
inner workings."

But. "However, we've been predicting that Apple will speed up its product cycle
for weeks."

The confusion in and with this post is emblematic of iOSphere rumors. First,
Sculley didn't make an "official statement."

The TUAW website interviewed him and he answered some question. He gave his
opinion.

Secondly, Dediu didn't "release a report." He composed on his blog, as is his
wont, a reflective, informed speculation, triggered by the Sculley opinion,
about what he frankly called "circumstantial evidence" that Apple may be moving
to a semi-annual product release cycle; and the scale and impact of such a
change. His full post, "Does S stand for Spring," is here.  The last bit of
evidence he considered: "Rumors of 5S products in pre-production. This is the
least valuable piece of evidence but it might indicate that the 'S' variant is
targeting spring launch." That puts a different perspective on the "we've been
predicting that Apple will speed up its product cycle for weeks" claim by IDT.

One of the issues Dediu doesn't touch on is what impact a twice-a-year iPhone
introduction would have on Apple's pricing, not so much for the newest iPhone
but for the one or more preceding models, and on the length of each model's life
cycle.

iPhone 6 will be preceded by iPhone 5C The 5C is being targeted at college-age
women, who have a greater than average penchant for breaking their iPhones. To
address this problem, the 5C will come in several pre-shattered touchscreen
options, all of which make it nearly impossible to use.

Yet it relieves iPhone owners of breakage angst.

Trust the parody site The Onion to track down the really interesting rumors.
iPhone 6 will have dual-LED, dual-color flash Then, there's the
almost-as-entertaining unintentional self-parodies.

iOSphere Rumor Rule 17 (RR17) says that if a rumor doesn't pan out, then wait,
tweak, and recycle: eventually you're bound to be right.

"We received an anonymous tip," begins the post at GSMArena, by "Peter." He
provides this week's most compelling iOS rumor assessment criteria: Its
credibility is directly proportional to its oddness.

"The rumor came with no evidence (certainly no photos) but it's seemingly too
odd to be made up," he writes.

The tipster, let's give him the codename OddJobs, says "that the next Apple
smartphone (whether it's the iPhone 6 or 5S) will have a dual-LED flash...."

But there's more. It will be "unlike any other dual-LED flash we've seen
before," Peter declares. "It's going to have LEDs of two different colors."

Think of it. Two LEDs. And two different colors. There will be a "regular LED"
which is, you know, just regular. And one "with a slight blue tint." And why you
ask? "The idea behind this is to improve white balance when snapping photos,"
Peter assures us, authoritatively.

Wow! Or more precisely, "Wow, again!"

Dual LEDs for what became the iPhone 5 were widely rumored throughout 2011.
Hence the "wait" part of RR17. But these LEDs will be differently colored, hence
the "tweak" of RR17. All that's left is to ignore Google's search history and
recycle.

"We're not quite sure how this is supposed to work - use both LEDs at the same
time to produce a brighter, slightly blue illumination, or light them up one at
a time to get two different illuminations in an HDR-type strategy (instead of
combining two exposures to get better dynamic range, combine two photos with
different color to get better color accuracy)," Peter confesses.

It's a puzzle. That's often the case with rumors, especially those falling under
RR17.

Some smartphones today use two LEDs for their camera flash. According to a 2011
forum posting at StackExchange's Photography community, "a dual LED flash can
emit twice as much light as a single LED, which means you can [light] subjects
1.4 times further away. It also draws twice as much power."

One forum member linked to a 2008 post by Steve Litchfield at
AllAboutSymbian.com, comparing LED, dual-LED, and Xenon flashes in camera
phones. He posted three photos of the same interior scene (a drumset) shot using
the three different flash techniques.

The dual-LED is indeed much brighter, with fewer and less intense dark areas.
The Xenon flash is brighter still but also yields much more true-to-life colors
compared to dual-LED.

Peter doesn't weigh down his blog post with things like details.

"It's an odd rumor as we said - it's unlikely, but why would someone make it
up?" Peter asks, presumably rhetorically.

Why indeed? Why make something up and then contact a tech blog and convince them
that it's real or being considered or in a prototype?

"Thanks to our anonymous tipster!" Peter concludes his post.

Oh. Maybe...that's why.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network World.

Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnww Email: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2012 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              500 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                              March 6, 2015 Friday

Apple increases iPhone prices in India

BYLINE: Anupam Saxena

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 276 words


NEW DELHI: About a week post the union budget, Apple has increased prices of all
its smartphones in India by up to Rs 2,500. Following the increase, iPhone 5S
will now start at Rs 47,000, iPhone 6 at Rs 56,000 and iPhone 6 Plus at Rs
65,000.

The development was first reported by Fonearena. TOI Tech has independently
verified the hike through Apple's retail channel partners who confirmed it.
However, an Apple spokesperson refused to confirm the move.

The hike comes after the Indian government proposed an increase in excise duty
on mobile phones imported into India to 12.5% from existing 6%, as part of its
attempts to push local manufacturing, in the union budget.

The 32GB variant of iPhone 5S will now be available at Rs 51,500(old price - Rs
49500). iPhone 6 16GB gets a Rs 2,500 hike while its 64GB will now cost Rs 65000
(old price - Rs 62,500) and the 128GB version will set you back by Rs 74,000(old
price - Rs 71,500).

The iPhone 6 Plus will now cost Rs 65,000 for 16GB, Rs 74,000 for 64GB and Rs
83,000 for 128GB models, a hike of Rs 2,500.

iPhone 6, Apple's first big-screen smartphone, sports a 4.7-inch HD (1334x750p)
display and is powered by A8 processor and 1GB RAM. The smartphone runs on iOS 8
and has an 8MP iSight camera that features phase detection and can take 43MP
panorama photos.

iPhone 6 Plus, the company's first phablet, has a 5.5-inch (1920x1080p) display,
and like iPhone 6 is powered by A8 processor and 1GB RAM and runs on iOS 8. It
also features an 8MP camera with optical image stabilization and packs a
2,915mAh battery.

iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are the thinnest smartphones Apple has made yet.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved
