
                              501 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Skegness Standard

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MSKP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              502 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Sleaford Standard

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MSSP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              503 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Spalding Guardian

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MSGP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              504 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Stamford Mercury

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MSMP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              505 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Suffolk Free Press

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MSFP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              506 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                    The News

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPNS


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              507 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Khaama Press

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

Apple Inc unveils new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus

LENGTH: 198 words

DATELINE: Afghanistan


Afghanistan, Sept. 9 -- Two new iPhone models were introduced by the world's
largest tech company - Apple Inc during an event in Cupertino, California on
Tuesday evening.

Having fingerprint sensors and mobile wallet services for allowing smartphones
to be used like contactless debit and credit cards.

The iPhone 6 come with a 4.7-inch screen and iPhone 6 Plus with a 5.5-inch
display, having equal or better battery life than the iPhone 5S.

The new phones are also thinner - 6.9mm for the iPhone 6 and 7.1mm for the
iPhone 6 Plus and comes with new "Retina HD" screens covered in ion-strengthen.

The camera of the new phones has also been improved by Apple Inc, fitting the
new iPhones with an eight-megapixel camera using focusing technology often found
in dSLR cameras, for fast and accurate photos.

Apple CEO Tim Cook has said the new devices were "the biggest advancement in the
history of iPhone."

The company is also expected to introduce its first new product, a smartwatch
later on Tuesday.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Khaama Press. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                          Copyright 2014 Khaama Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              508 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                            October 17, 2014 Friday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Apple starts iPhone 6 sales in key China market

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 463 words


Apple began selling its latest iPhone in China Friday, nearly a month after
other major territories due to a licence delay by regulators, but it faces a
tough battle with rivals led by Samsung in the crucial market.

Staff at an Apple Store in downtown Shanghai clapped and congratulated iPhone 6
customers as they left the shop, which opened two hours early for those who had
pre-ordered.

Fashion industry worker Wang Xue picked out a gold-coloured iPhone 6 Plus,
having used an iPhone 4 for the past four years.

"I like the design and everything about it," she said. "It's worth it to me to
pay 6,088 yuan ($998)."

The new gadget hits shelves in China a day after the tech giant unveiled a new
line-up of iPads in the United States in a bid to face off tough competition in
the cooling tablet market.

Apple's products enjoy a devoted following in China, the world's second-largest
economy and the largest smartphone market according to an industry estimate.

It launched the large-screen iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in 10 countries and
regions on September 19, but could not do so in mainland China because it lacked
a key network access licence.

Media have reported widespread smuggling of the new phone into China given its
initial unavailability.

The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology granted permission late last
month, but said it had pressed Apple to improve personal data security to gain
approval and quoted the US firm as saying it would do so.

The government agency said outside parties could obtain information stored on an
iPhone by accessing a "trusted" computer or from an iPhone undergoing repair.

Apple has not responded publicly to the claims.

Customer deliveries began Friday in the company's 12 retail stores in mainland
China, and through the country's three major telecom providers and other sales
channels.

E-commerce firm JD.com said it had taken 9.5 million pre-orders for the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus as of Thursday.

But Apple is only in sixth place in China's highly fragmented smartphone market,
where cheaper phones using the Android operating system are popular.

Apple has a 6.9 percent share, according to consultancy Analysys International,
far behind leader Samsung of South Korea, which has 15.4 percent.

Analysts said the new models' larger screen would appeal to Chinese consumers
and the launch should help Apple's sales, despite their high prices.

The iPhone 6 with 16 GB of memory is selling for the equivalent of $867 in
China, significantly higher than neighbouring Hong Kong where the same model
retails for $726.

The top-end iPhone 6 Plus with 128 GB sells for $1,277 in the mainland.

"I think it will sell better than the (iPhone) 5 series," said Xu Hao of
Analysys. "This trend of a larger screen will serve better to snatch some
users."

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2014 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              509 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 5:04 PM GMT

How much are the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?;
As the 16GB model is not any longer available, the cheapest option is now more
expensive, costing £599

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 388 words


Apple has finally revealed its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus , the firm's first
smartphone to boast both water and dust resistance .

Unveiled during the firm's hotly-awaited launch event in San Francisco today,
the new iPhone doesn't look too different to last year's iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S
Plus devices, sporting the same aluminium design and rounded edges - but this
time without the iconic antenna lines.

As with the iPhone 6 and 6S, both new iPhone devices come with different storage
options. This year, Apple have doubled the capacities available when the device
launches. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will therefore be available in 32GB,
128GB or 256GB capacities.

Apple said during its keynote that it has kept the prices of its new smartphones
the same as the iPhone 6S when it launched last year for their respective
storage options. However, because the 16GB is not available any longer, this
means the cheapest option is now more expensive.

In the UK, Apple said the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of
£599 for the cheapest 32GB option.

The 128GB version is £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a whopping
£799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at£819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will come in the usual Black, Gold, Silver,
Rose Gold colour options, alongside a new black called simply "Jet Black", which
is much darker than previous black models. They will be available to pre-order
from 9 September before they start shipping on 16 September in the UK.

You can pre-order via the Apple store from now.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

The good news for those not wanting to splash out hundreds for a brand new
smartphone is that Apple has slashed the price of its iPhone 6S models after the
launch of the iPhone 7.

Apple has taken £100 off its previous generation smartphones, so it's very
possible that the iPhone 6s will be available from around £499, with the first
iPhone 6 being discontinued.

Also note that all the UK networks will be offering contract deals shortly after
the iPhone 7 announcement, so keep your eyes peeled for that.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              510 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 5:04 PM GMT

How much is the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?;
As the 16GB model is not any longer available, the cheapest option is now more
expensive, costing £599

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 388 words


Apple has finally revealed its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus , the firm's first
smartphone to boast both water and dust resistance .

Unveiled during the firm's hotly-awaited launch event in San Francisco today,
the new iPhone doesn't look too different to last year's iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S
Plus devices, sporting the same aluminium design and rounded edges - but this
time without the iconic antenna lines.

As with the iPhone 6 and 6S, both new iPhone devices come with different storage
options. This year, Apple have doubled the capacities available when the device
launches. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will therefore be available in 32GB,
128GB or 256GB capacities.

Apple said during its keynote that it has kept the prices of its new smartphones
the same as the iPhone 6S when it launched last year for their respective
storage options. However, because the 16GB is not available any longer, this
means the cheapest option is now more expensive.

In the UK, Apple said the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of
£599 for the cheapest 32GB option.

The 128GB version is £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a whopping
£799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at£819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will come in the usual Black, Gold, Silver,
Rose Gold colour options, alongside a new black called simply "Jet Black", which
is much darker than previous black models. They will be available to pre-order
from 9 September before they start shipping on 16 September in the UK.

You can pre-order via the Apple store from now.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

The good news for those not wanting to splash out hundreds for a brand new
smartphone is that Apple has slashed the price of its iPhone 6S models after the
launch of the iPhone 7.

Apple has taken £100 off its previous generation smartphones, so it's very
possible that the iPhone 6s will be available from around £499, with the first
iPhone 6 being discontinued.

Also note that all the UK networks will be offering contract deals shortly after
the iPhone 7 announcement, so keep your eyes peeled for that.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              511 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                             August 14, 2015 Friday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Samsung Gets A Jump On Apple By Unveiling Big-Screen Devices New iPhones
Expected Soon

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: A; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 265 words


Are expected to feature a Force Touch display that can distinguish between taps
and presses, as well as a speedier processor and better cameras.

Samsung hopes to trump Apple's features with built-in wireless + charging,
faster charging, more random access memory, and advanced cameras capable of
taking ultra HD 4K video. The multimedia-focused Galaxy S6 Edge Plus features a
dual-edge curved display. The thin edge displays can show apps and preferred +
contacts. The productivity-f

Hoping to regain ground it lost to Apple in big-screen smartphones, Samsung
Electronics on Thursday debuted two new phablets.

Samsung had the phone-tablet market largely to itself for three years until last
September, when Apple responded with the iPhone 6 Plus. Samsung's newest
phablets feature 5.7-inch Quad HD Super AMOLED displays, compared with the
5.5-inch LED-backlit IPS LCD screen on Apple's iPhone 6 Plus.

"Bigger screens have gone from nice-to-have to must-have," Justin Denison,
Samsung vice president of product strategy and marketing, said at a webcast
event in New York City.

The new Samsung phablets include the Galaxy S6 Edge Plus, which is designed for
multimedia consumers, and the Galaxy Note 5, which is optimized for
productivity. Both Google Android-based phones will go on sale in the U.S. and
Canada on Aug. 21.

Samsung likely will have a three-week jump on Apple's ninth-generation handsets,
the iPhone 6 S series. Apple is rumored to be planning a media event for Sept. 9
and likely would release the iPhone 6 S and 6 S Plus on Sept. 18.

Samsung opted to forego a global launch to get its new phones out in key markets
ahead of the next iPhones, IHS Technology analyst Daniel Gleeson said in a
report.

". . . Samsung is hoping to steal a march on Apple's new iPhone announcement,"
Gleeson said. "The Galaxy Note 4 was hit by direct competition from the
larger-screen iPhone 6 Plus during the year, which likely had a significant
impact on the Note 4's success. Until autumn 2014, Apple had no large-screen
smartphones which could compete with Samsung."

The iPhone 6 S phones

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              512 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            October 16, 2015 Friday

Apple launches iPhone 6S, 6S Plus in India

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 465 words


NEW DELHI: Apple has launched its two new iPhone models - iPhone 6S and iPhone
6S Plus in India. It's worth mentioning that this is the fastest iPhone rollout
in India with the phones being made available less than a month after being
going on sale in the US.

The iPhone 6S will be available at Rs 62,000 for the 16GB version, Rs 72,000 for
the 64GB version, and Rs 82,000 for the 128GB storage variant. The iPhone 6S
Plus has been priced at Rs 72,000 for the 16GB version, Rs 82,000 for the 64GB
version, and Rs 92,000 for the 128GB variant. Note that these prices are MRP
rates.

The phones will be retailed by Apple's four main iPhone distributors across
12,000 retail outlets, including large format retail chains such as Croma,
Reliance Digital and Jumbo, besides the e-commerce players such as Flipkart,
Snapdeal and Amazon.

With the launch of iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, prices of the previous generation
iPhones have already been slashed. The iPhone 6 now has an MRP of Rs 52,000 for
16GB and Rs 62,000 for 64GB versions. The 6 Plus is available at an MRP of Rs
62,000 for 16GB and Rs72,000 for 64GB versions

Along with the standard silver, space gray and gold colours, iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus have also been launched in a new rose gold hue.

While there is no increment in screen size in iPhone 6S (4.7-inch HD) and iPhone
6S (5.5-inch Full HD) compared to last year's models, the phones feature a new
3D Touch display technology, which allows the screen panel to differentiate
between types of touches and taps in preloaded apps as well as on the
homescreen.

Both iPhones are powered by the new A9 processor with 2GB RAM (reported) and run
iOS 9 operating system. The new 64-bit A9 chipset is 70% faster at carrying out
processes than the one on last year's iPhones. Similarly, the graphics
processing will be 90% faster.

While the phones come in 3 storage variants - 16, 64, and 128GB, there is no
support for microSD cards for storage expansions.

One of the biggest upgrades to iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus is in the cameras.
The rear cameras of the two smartphones have 12MP resolution, backed by
dual-tone dual-LED flash, while the front cameras have 5MP sensors. A new camera
feature of iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus is Live Photos, which can turn photos
into short videos. The rear camera has also got 4K recording to capture
high-resolution videos.

According to Apple, the iPhone 6S delivers up to 14 hours talk time on 3G and up
to 10 days standby time. The 6S Plus offers up to 24 hours talk time on 3G and
up to 16 days standby time.

The new iPhones feature faster-second-generation TouchID sensor and are made of
tough aircraft grade aluminium, same as Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 edge.

The phones support most popular connectivity options, including 4G LTE.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              513 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                    September 24, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

New iPhone for $5 per month under T-Mobile iPhone 6s Deals

BYLINE: Valerie Rogers

LENGTH: 247  words


T-Mobile has made an announcement that it is going to take a new initiative to
sell Apple's latest iPhone 6s and 6s Plus smartphones for just $5 per month in
case customers trade in eligible late-model smartphones.

Previously in September, T-Mobile declared a special $20 per month rate for a
year and 6 months for a 16GB iPhone 6s via the Jump On Demand program of the
company, with zero down.

But, now T-Mobile is about to bring down its prices even more, with a rate of $5
a month if a customer trades in a working and intact Apple iPhone 6 or 6 Plus,
Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+, Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 Edge or a Galaxy Note 5
smartphone. For the deal no down payment is needed.

As a part of the new promotion, in case customers trade in an iPhone 5s or a
Samsung Note 4 or Samsung Galaxy S5 smartphone on a 16GB iPhone 6s, they will
have to pay $10 per month for 18 months. If customers trade in almost any other
mobile set, the rate will be $15 per month.

Besides this, T-Mobile customers can also get larger capacity iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s Plus models under the lower-priced Jump On Demand offerings.

A 128GB iPhone 6s will be sold for $199.99 down and $3 per month along with a
trade-in of an Apple iPhone 6 or 6 Plus, Galaxy S6, Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+,
Galaxy S6 Edge or a Galaxy Note 5 smartphone. It can be done for $8 per month
with the trade of an iPhone 5s or a Samsung Note 4 or Samsung Galaxy S5
smartphone. The rate would be $13 a month on the trade of almost any other
phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              514 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 5:04 PM GMT

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?;
As the 16GB model is not any longer available, the cheapest option is now more
expensive, costing £599

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 388 words


Apple has finally revealed its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus , the firm's first
smartphone to boast both water and dust resistance .

Unveiled during the firm's hotly-awaited launch event in San Francisco today,
the new iPhone doesn't look too different to last year's iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S
Plus devices, sporting the same aluminium design and rounded edges - but this
time without the iconic antenna lines.

As with the iPhone 6 and 6S, both new iPhone devices come with different storage
options. This year, Apple have doubled the capacities available when the device
launches. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will therefore be available in 32GB,
128GB or 256GB capacities.

Apple said during its keynote that it has kept the prices of its new smartphones
the same as the iPhone 6S when it launched last year for their respective
storage options. However, because the 16GB is not available any longer, this
means the cheapest option is now more expensive.

In the UK, Apple said the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of
£599 for the cheapest 32GB option.

The 128GB version is £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a whopping
£799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at£819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will come in the usual Black, Gold, Silver,
Rose Gold colour options, alongside a new black called simply "Jet Black", which
is much darker than previous black models. They will be available to pre-order
from 9 September before they start shipping on 16 September in the UK.

You can pre-order via the Apple store from now.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

The good news for those not wanting to splash out hundreds for a brand new
smartphone is that Apple has slashed the price of its iPhone 6S models after the
launch of the iPhone 7.

Apple has taken £100 off its previous generation smartphones, so it's very
possible that the iPhone 6s will be available from around £499, with the first
iPhone 6 being discontinued.

Also note that all the UK networks will be offering contract deals shortly after
the iPhone 7 announcement, so keep your eyes peeled for that.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              515 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           September 14, 2014 Sunday

Se acabó la espera iPhones más grandes Un reloj inteligente

SECTION: REFLEJOS; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 487 words


(AP) -- Por primera vez, los iPhone de Apple no son la estrella del espectáculo.
Apple develó un reloj inteligente, un dispositivo que se puede llevar puesto y
que marca el primer nuevo producto importante de la compañía desde el debut del
iPad en el 2010.

El iPhone 6 tendrá una pantalla de 4.7 pulgadas, mientras que el iPhone 6 Plus
tendrá una de 5.5 pulgadas. La resolución de pantalla de la versión Plus tendrá
mayor definición que los iPhones anteriores, con 401 pixeles por pulgada en
lugar de 326.

Con la pantalla más grande viene una nueva vista horizontal de la pantalla de
inicio. Generalmente, los íconos están organizados verticalmente, aún cuando el
teléfono es girado horizontalmente. Los nuevos teléfonos no son tan grandes como
los teléfonos representativos de Samsung -- 5.1 pulgadas para el Galaxy S5 y 5.7
pulgadas para el Note 4 -- pero serán lo suficientemente grandes para
neutralizar la ventaja clave que han tenido Samsung y otros fabricantes de
Android.

Apple dice que los nuevos teléfonos serán más rápidos y tendrán mejor vida de
batería que las versiones anteriores. Los teléfonos también tendrán un nuevo
sensor, el barómetro, para calcular cuánto ha subido las escaleras, no sólo qué
tan lejos ha caminado.

La resolución en la cámara permanecerá en 8 megapixeles, mientras que los
teléfonos rivales Android y Windows han estado mejorando eso. El S5, por
ejemplo, es de 16 megapixeles. Sin embargo, el conteo de mexapixeles es sólo un
factor para obtener buenas fotografías. Apple dice que está poniendo nuevos
sensores para mejores fotos.

Los nuevos teléfonos comenzarán a distribuirse en EEUU el 19 de septiembre. Los
precios base serán comparables a aquellos del pasado -- $199 con un contrato de
dos años para el iPhone 6 con 16 gigabytes de almacenamiento. Sin embargo, los
modelos más actualizados tendrán el doble de memoria que antes -- $299 por 64
gigabytes y $399 por 128 gigabytes. el iPhone 6 Plus costará $100 más en cada
configuración.

Apple presentó su nuevo reloj inteligente Apple Watch. Las empresas de
electrónicos no han demostrado necesidad de relojes inteligentes porque las
pulseras han sido los productos nicho dirigidos a rastrear actividades de
acondicionamiento físico. El dispositivo de Apple busca cambiar eso.

Cook dice que Apple tuvo que inventar una nueva interface para el reloj.

Gran parte de la interacción sería a través de la perilla el reloj, lo que Apple
llama la corona digital. Se usa para acercamientos y alejamientos en un mapa,
por ejemplo, para no bloquear la pantalla. Apple también trabajó con los
programadores de aplicaciones para crear nueva funcionalidad. Usted podrá abrir
puertas de habitaciones en hoteles Starwood o recordarse a sí mismo dónde
estacionó su carro con una aplicación de BMW.

El nuevo reloj vendrá en variedad de estilos, tamaños y correas,. El reloj
inteligente estará disponible a principios del año próximo con un precio inicial
de $349.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Foto: AP El CEO de Apple, Tim Cook, presenta el nuevo iPhone 6 y el
iPhone 6 Plus el 9 de septiembre en Cupertino, California. Apple CEO Tim Cook
introduces the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus on Sept. 9, in Cupertino, Calif.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              516 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

MAGID ON TECH: Tech test pits iPhone 6 against LG G3

BYLINE: By Larry Magid Daily News Columnist

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; Peninsula; News; Local

LENGTH: 543 words


There have been a lot of great things written about the iPhone 6 Plus and, I
agree, it's an excellent phone. But there are plenty of other great phones on
the market and the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are not necessarily the best choice for
everyone.

For the past week I've been carrying an iPhone 6 Plus in one pocket and an LG G3
in another and I can see how each would have its fans and detractors. Both are
excellent phones.

Of course, if you love iOS or all things Apple, then the iPhone is your personal
winner. Only an iPhone can run Apple's operating system, so your decision is
easy. But if you're open to Android -- which has finally matured into an
operating system that's truly competitive with iOS -- then the G3 has some
hardware features that might win you over.

It starts with the form factor. While both phones have essentially the same size
(5.5-inch) screen, the iPhone is considerably taller and slightly wider (though
a little thinner). Personally, I much prefer the size of the G3. It fits better
in my hand and is less prone to slipping than the iPhone, yet delivers the same
amount of screen real estate.

Technically, the G3 has a higher screen resolution (1440 x 2560 pixels vs.
1920-by-1080) but both screens look great. I'm not sure why, but I actually
prefer the iPhone's screen slightly over the G3, despite the lower resolution.

When it comes to storage, Apple gives you a choice of 16, 64 or 128 gigabytes,
while LG comes only with 32 GB but has a MicroSD slot, making it easy and
affordable to add up to 128 extra GB for about $100, making the G3 a better
value for those who want to store plenty of music, video, apps or photos on
their phone.

If you judged the camera purely on resolution, the LG with its 13 MP camera
would win over the iPhone's 8 MP camera, but that's not the whole story. Apple
has done an amazingly good job with its camera both in terms of ease of use and
image quality. Based on my tests, I'd have to call it pretty much a tie when it
comes to camera quality. Neither can replace a high-end SLR camera, but both can
take very good snapshots and decent video under a range of lighting conditions.

Call quality of course depends on your carrier, but both phones sounded pretty
good in my tests.

The iPhone has "Touch ID" and the LG G3 doesn't, so when it comes to being able
to use your fingerprint to sign into the phone, there's no competition here. I
really like Touch ID and would love to see something like it on all phones. I
give Apple credit for doing it right. It takes a while to train the iPhone 6 and
6 Plus to recognize your fingerprints but, once it does, it recognizes them
almost every time. Touch ID will be particularly important once Apple rolls out
its Apple Pay service by allowing users to verify a purchase with the touch of a
finger.

As per price, the G3 is available unlocked for $580 (from AT&T) vs. $750 for the
least expensive (16 GB) iPhone 6 Plus. If you're willing to sign a contract, the
prices are the same ($199) on AT&T and Verizon Wireless.

Personally, if I were to buy an iPhone, I'd be more likely to get the regular 6
because it feels better in the hand. But if you want the larger screen size in a
more compact case, take a look at the G3.

Email Larry Magid at larry@larrymagid.com

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              517 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Bendigo Advertiser

                               September 9, 2014

Apple unveils new iPhones

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 732  words


RELATED:iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple Watch: the 6 things you need to know

Apple has moved to recapture its role as the leading tech trend-setter as it
unveiled its first smartwatch and two large-screen versions of the iPhone.

In a major product event on Tuesday, the California company also introduced anew
mobile walletthat will allow consumers to simply tap their phones to pay
retailers, aiming to popularise the idea of mobile payments.

The announcements are Apple's most wide-ranging set of product introductions
under chief executive officer Tim Cook, who succeeded co-founder Steve Jobs in
2011.

The Apple Watch, a sleekly designed wrist device that links to the iPhone, "will
redefine what people expect from this category", Mr Cook said in Apple's
hometown of Cupertino.

"It is the next chapter in Apple's story."

It was met with a standing ovation by event attendees and has newly designed
software that works with a dial on its side.

The touch-screen device will come in two sizes, as well as in classic, sports
and gold edition models, but won't be available until early 2015 in the US.

It can be used to detect pulse rate and has other health-tracking applications,
as well as including apps for maps, photos, music and messages, the company
said. An iPhone is required for the Apple Watch to work. It will cost from
$US349 with Australian pricing not yet announced.

Also unveiled were the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, in a large boost to the
screen size of the popular handsets - the company's first entry to the "phablet"
category.

Apple's main rival Samsung has long had a range of larger handsets and has tried
to market a smartwatch of its own.

The iPhone 6 will have a screen of 4.7 inches and the 6-Plus will be 5.5 inches,
allowing Apple to adapt to consumers' apparent preference for bigger displays.

Mr Cook said the new handsets represented "the biggest advancement in the
history of iPhones".

Apple senior vice president Phil Schiller said the new iPhones were "simply
stunning" with polarised glass displays and bodies that are "thinner than ever
before".

"These are the best phones ever made," Mr Schiller said, as he described the new
devices at a major set-piece event streamed live online.

Apple is betting the success of the iPhone will aid the other new products.
While the new handsets are widely anticipated to be huge hits, the watch,
payments system and health apps are no sure thing.

Companies such as Samsung have also introduced so-called smartwatches that have
smartphone-like functions for checking messages and getting notifications.

None have gained widespread traction and the products have seemed more like
technology in search of a problem rather than solving a real need. Similarly,
technology that turns a smartphone in a wallet also hasn't become popular, even
with efforts by Googleand eBay's PayPal. Fitness-tracking devices like Fitbit
also have remained a niche products.

The iPhone 6 will come in gold, silver or space grey, and will be available in
Australia from September 19, costing $869 for the 16GB model, $999 for the 64GB
model and, for the first time, a new 128GB model for $1129.

iPhone 6 Plus, in the same colours, will cost $999, $1129 and $1249
respectively.Australian telcos are likely to announce plan prices later on
Friday.

They will compete with the Samsung Galaxy S5 (approximately $788 for 16GB model)
and the larger new Samsung Galaxy Note which does not yet have Australian
pricing.

Mr Schiller said the Apple devices would be available in at least 115 countries
by the end of the year.

With the new launch, Apple will cut the price of existing iPhone 5S and 5C,
starting at $749 for the 5S and $529 for the 5C.

Apple's move to larger screens comes as consumers are switching to handsets with
bigger displays to watch videos and browse the internet.

Mr Cook said theApple Paysystem would replace an "antiquated payment process"
with "an entirely new payment system" that allows consumers to touch their
phones to retail terminals.

The company posted an image of a leather billfold on its website with the words
"Wallet, your days are numbered."

The new payment system will be built into the new iPhones and the new version of
Apple's operating system, iOS 8. It will be available only for iPhone 6 and 6
Plus in the US from October.

iOS 8 will be available as a free software update starting on September 17.

AFP with Bloomberg, Fairfax Media

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              518 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            February 13, 2015 Friday

Diamond-studded iPhone launched for Valentine's day

BYLINE: Komal Mohan

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 290 words


NEW DELHI: If you want to want to find nothing but the most luxurious gadget
gift for your valentine, then we have some good news for you.

Goldgenie, which specializes in high-end customized versions of high-tech
products, is launching the 24K Gold iPhone 6 Diamond Ecstasy limited edition for
Valentine's day.

According to the website, the phone will be customized exactly according to the
buyer's demand and depending on this, the phone 's price will start at $15,000
and go way up to $3.5 million.

Available in choice for 24-carat gold, rose gold or in platinum, the Diamond
Ecstasy iPhone is also offered with laser-engraved message on the rear of the
phone.

Just to recap, the two iPhone models take Apple to the big-screen smartphone
segment, sporting 4.7- and 5.5-inch screens respectively. The iPhone 6's
4.7-inch display sports a resolution of 1334x750p, while the iPhone 6 Plus'
5.5-inch display sports a resolution of 1920x1080p. iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are the
thinnest ever Apple has ever made. iPhone 5S and 5 are 7.6mm thick, but iPhone 6
and 6 Plus are even thinner at 6.8mm and 7.1mm respectively.

Powered by the new A8 processor, iPhone 6 is up to 50% more energy efficient, so
you can have higher sustained performance, claimed Apple. The 64-bit CPU
architecture-based A8 processor is 20% faster in application processing and 50%
faster in rendering graphics compared to its predecessor. It is able to sustain
performance-intensive tasks like playing a game at higher frame rates.

The two iPhone 6 models sport an 8MP iSight camera that features phase
detection. Despite no increase in camera resolution, iPhone 6 takes 43MP
panorama photos.

Follow TOI Tech on Twitter >>>

And like us on Facebook >>>

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              519 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                             June 18, 2016 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

IPhones violate Chinese rival's patents, agency rules

BYLINE: DAVID RAMLI, Bloomberg

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 453 words


Apple Inc. violated the design patents of a Chinese device maker and may have to
halt sales of its latest iPhones in Beijing, the city's intellectual property
authority ruled, handing the U.S. company its latest setback in a pivotal
market.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus infringe on Shenzhen Baili's patent rights
because of similarities to its 100C phone, the Beijing Intellectual Property
Office wrote in its decision. Apple, whose iconic gadgets helped define the
modern smartphone industry, said it's appealing the ruling and is continuing to
sell various iPhone 6 models during the process.

"IPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus as well as iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone SE
models are all available

for sale today in China," Apple spokeswoman Kristin Huguet said in an emailed
statement. "We appealed an administrative order from a regional patent tribunal
in Beijing last month and as a result the order has been stayed pending review
by the Beijing IP Court."

While the decision covers only Beijing, future lawsuits against Apple could take
the case as a precedent, potentially influencing the outcomes of litigation
elsewhere in China. Baili is one of scores of smartphone brands trying to cash
in on the country's mobile boom. Xu Guoxiang, the inventor who holds the patent
and listed as a Baili representative on yellow-pages site czvv.com, did not
answer calls seeking comment.

Tim Long, an analyst at BMO Capital Markets in New York, said he doesn't think
the impact of the Chinese ruling is meaningful.

"We believe there have been several prior cases against U.S. companies ruled in
favour of local companies by lower courts that were later overturned by higher
courts," Long wrote in a note to clients. "We have seen dozens of court
decisions banning different smartphone products over the years in many different
countries. We are not aware of one ever that has resulted in an actual
injunction."

The ruling by the agency - which administers matters involving patents in
Beijing - is the latest in a series of setbacks for Apple in its largest market
after the U.S. Its book and movie services were blocked in April for violating
foreign publishing regulations. In 2013, state media accused the company of
shoddy customer service and inadequate warranties, prompting an apology from
chief executive officer Tim Cook.

Last month, it lost its fight to keep the "iPhone" exclusive to its products
after a Beijing court ruled that a little-known accessories maker can use the
label for a range of wallets and purses. And in 2012, Apple paid US$60 million
to Proview International Holdings Ltd. to settle a dispute over the right to the
iPad name in China. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ISAAC LAWRENCE, AFP, GETTY IMAGES; The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
infringe on Shenzhen Baili's patent rights because of similarities to its 100C
phone, the Beijing Intellectual Property Office wrote in its decision.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              520 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                      October 6, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Bankers Healthcare Group Announces Apple Pay for BHG Power MasterCard

LENGTH: 290  words


Oct. 6 -- Bankers Healthcare Group, the leading provider of financial solutions
for healthcare professionals, is pleased to announce that its BHG Power
MasterCard personal credit cardholders can now use Apple Pay, the easy, secure
and private way to pay.

Security and privacy is at the core of Apple Pay. When you add a credit or debit
card to Apple Pay, the actual card numbers are not stored on the device, nor on
Apple servers. Instead, a unique Device Account Number is assigned, encrypted
and securely stored in the Secure Element on your device. Each transaction is
authorized with a one-time unique dynamic security code, instead of using the
security code from the back of your card.

Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will continue to receive all of the
rewards and benets offered by their BHG Power MasterCard personal credit card.
In stores, Apple Pay works with iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple Watch, as well
as iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, upon availability.

Online shopping in apps accepting Apple Pay is as simple as the touch of a
finger with Touch ID, so there's no need to manually fill out lengthy account
forms or repeatedly type in shipping and billing information. When paying for
goods and services within apps, Apple Pay is compatible with iPhone 6, iPhone 6
Plus, iPad Air 2 and iPad mini 3, as well as iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus and iPad
Pro, upon availability.

"We're excited to offer Apple Pay to our BHG Power MasterCard personal
cardholders," said BHG President Bob Castro. "Now, our cardholders will enjoy
the benefits of safe, simple Apple Pay transactions."

For more information on Apple Pay, including how to set up and use the service,
visit http://www.apple.com/apple-pay/.

Source: Bankers Healthcare Group

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              521 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                           December 20, 2014 Saturday

Ncell launches iPhone with service bundling

LENGTH: 267 words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, Dec. 20 -- Ncell on Friday launched the Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus smartphones with is service bundling.

Under the scheme, customers will get 1GB data per month for six months on
purchase of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Buyers of the iPhone 5S will get
300MB per month for six months.

The 16GB iPhone 6 Plus is priced at Rs 94,499, 64GB at Rs 107,999 and 128GB at
Rs 120,999. Similarly, the 16GB iPhone 6 will be available at Rs 83,999, 64GB at
Rs 94,499 and 128GB at Rs 107,999.

However, the company said the prices may vary based on the US dollar exchange
rate. The phone is also available on Equal Monthly Installment (EMI) basis from
Nepal Investment Bank, Himalaya Bank and NABIL Bank, according to Ncell.

"We are pleased to offer to our customers the premium handsets from Apple
bundled with our services. This association of top brands, we believe, will
provide special value for them," said Sanju Koirala, corporate communications
director of Ncell.

Customers can buy the iPhone from seven Ncell Centers, including at Krishna
Tower, Durbarmarg, Maharajgunj, Kumaripati, Chabahil, Kalanki and Banepa.

"This is the first time Apple has been launched officially in Nepal. Now
customer will be benefited with genuine after sales service and Apple global
warranty," said Pranay Raj Acharya, B2B director of Ncell, adding Ncell SIM and
data that come with the handsets ensure additional value.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from EKantipur.com. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              522 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                    September 11, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Stores readying for big iPhone Pre-order tomorrow in US UK retailers also join
in

LENGTH: 273  words


Apple's latest launch the bigger Iphone 6 and biggest iPhone till date, Iphone 6
Plus will come for pre-orders tomorrow in US. The launch will soon be followed
by launch in UK and in other counties.



In US CarPhoneWareHouse is among the first of all to start selling the iPhone
(taking pre-orders for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus). The pre-order here will
begin at 08:01 am tomorrow. If you are in a hurry and don't want to miss this,
register for updates here.

AT&T is also ready to take pre-orders for the new iPhone 6 from tomorrow 12:01
(US time). Check here.

USCellular has also added a new page on its landing page for the sale of iPhone
6 tomorrow. Check here.

The Sprint shop is on "maintenance mode" at the time writing this report, and we
believe the store is readying to put up the pre-order page.

At the same time in UK too stores have added the iPhone 6 to their websites as
the 'coming soon' model. We checked the O2 website and EE website who have the
phone listed as coming soon. Vodafone is ready to take pre-orders tomorrow
starting at 08:01 am.

The official Apple store in UK is also ready for those who want to make a
purchase via the Apple store. In US the pre-order begins at 08:00 am and sale
will follow from 19th September. Check here.

The official Apple website in UK lists the phone as pre-order units, for which
Apple will start taking orders from 12th September. Check here.

Prices in US: The iPhone 6 16GB is priced at $199, 64GB will cost $299 and 128GB
model will cost $399 with two year contract. For iPhone 6 Plus the prices will
begin at $299 for the 16 GB model, $399 for 32 GB model and $499 for the 128 GB
model.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              523 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                    September 20, 2014 Saturday 3:49 AM GMT

Belfast's technophiles queue to get first bite at Apple's new iPhone

BYLINE: By Amanda Ferguson

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY AND GADGETS

LENGTH: 181 words


Eager gadget fans in Belfast queued in droves to be the first to get their hands
on the new iPhone 6 (£539-£699) and 6 Plus (£619- £789) which went on sale
yesterday.

At the Apple store in Victoria Square people young and old waited patiently to
purchase the coveted new smartphone. Across the UK many people camped overnight
to be among the first to get their hands on Apple's first tablet-style iPhone
with a screen measuring 5.5-inches diagonally.

The iPhone 6 Plus is the biggest ever iPhone, but it is thinner than the iPhone
5s.

Where the iPhone 5s was 7.6mm thin, the iPhone 6 Plus is just 7.1mm. The iPhone
6 is even smaller at 6.9mm.

Apple says the iPhone is "still comfortable to hold and easy to use".

Meanwhile, Irish band U2 have come in for criticism from 'Bono bashers' across
the globe for the band's decision to accept a multi-million pound deal with
Apple, who then gave away their new album - Songs Of Innocence - for free on
iTunes.

Some angry Apple customers have complained that they could not remove the band's
free album download easily if they did not want to have it.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2014 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              524 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 28, 2015 Friday 2:03 PM GMT

iPhone 6s/7 rumours suggest 'best ever' camera will take super high-resolution
snaps and INCREDIBLE selfies;
iDon't believe that picture was taken with a mobile phone - new device is set to
be a snapper's delight

BYLINE: By Jasper Hamill

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 911 words


Apple is preparing to unleash a new camera which will be the best ever seen on
an iPhone, rumour mill churners have claimed.

Although we don't yet know whether the must-have mobile will be called the 6s or
7, there has been a slow drip of information leaking out from behind Apple's
iRon curtain - including the picture above, which allegedly shows the box of the
larger "plus"model.

The latest rumours suggest the camera is due for a "major revamp".

It will be upgraded from 8 to 12 megapixels, allowing Apple fans to take photos
of a much higher resolution than ever before.

The camera is also expected to enable 4K video recording, making it one of the
first phones to feature this super detailed video format.

"The benefits of 4K video recording include compatibility with the latest
consumer television sets, improved stability and clarity, as well as benefits
during post-production editing," wrote the ever-reliable Apple site 9to5Mac.

The new iPhone is also expected to feature a front-facing flash to allow
selfie-obsessed people to take pictures of themselves in dim light.

However, there is some debate about how this will work.

"While some industry watchers have speculated that code in iOS 9 betas indicates
that Apple will add a front-facing LED flash to the new iPhones, sources say
that is not the case," 9to5Mac added.

"Instead, the new iPhone's display will take cues from Snapchat and Photo Booth,
lighting up with a quick white screen when the shutter button for the front
camera is pressed.

"Front-facing panorama shots and slow motion video in 720P are also likely to
make it to the front camera this fall."

The iPhone will be released at a glittering event on September 9.

Here's what we know about the highly-anticipated mobile so far.  Apple iPhone 7:
Price

If the rumours of a smaller, cheaper iPhone 6C are true then it's unlikely that
Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6 - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices. Apple iPhone 7: Release date

We'll see it officially revealed on September 9.

Both the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 5S were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy. It will look to take advantage of Black Friday
sales and the run up to Christmas.

Alongside the iPhone 6S, Apple is also expected to reveal the iPhone 6S Plus and
potentially an iPhone 6C . Apple iPhone 7: Camera and design

A big clue about what to expect from the iPhone 7's camera was discovered by
developer Hamza Sood inside the iOS 9 code.

The code includes support for a front-facing camera flash - something currently
unavailable on any existing model of iPhone.

Hamza tweet 1

What's more, the code also reveals the next iPhone will be able to run FaceTime
at full 1080p high definition. Currently, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus can only
manage 720p defintion.

Apple is clearly targeting selfie-mad snappers who prefer the front-facing
camera to the rear-facing one.

In terms of design, the iPhone 6 was a big change from the iPhone 5S and it's
unlikely Apple will redesign the appearance two years running.

Having said that, both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the
Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

And yet, the latest set of rumours suggest that Apple will be introducing a
brand new colour into the mix. We're expecting the usual space grey, silver and
gold options but how about...pink?

A set of images appearing on Chinese social media appear to show a fully-formed
2015 iPhone with a pink case.

Apple usually refers to this colour as "Rose Gold" when it's talking about the
Apple Watch - so it could be producing this new version of the iPhone to match
its smartwatch.

Screen size is perhaps the most contentious issue. Some rumours have suggested
Apple will reveal three handsets this year , each with a different screen size.

Alongside the 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch upgrades to the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, some
rumours have suggested a smaller iPhone 6C could be revealed with a 4-inch
screen.

If true, it would give Apple a "budget" option to appeal to those who don't want
to fork out for the larger phones. Apple iPhone 7: Specs

Because the new iPhone will arrive with Apple's iOS 9 software and an upgraded
processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to a report from Reuters , Apple's arch-nemesis Samsung will be
responsible for building 75% of the new processor.

Likely to be called the A9 chip, the new beating heart of the iPhone will be
smaller than the previous iteration - allowing engineers to cram even more
transistors onto the silicone.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.

So far, Apple has resisted updating the random-access memory (RAM) of its
smartphones, but some sources expect the new model to have at least 2GB of RAM
on the clock.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              525 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            October 24, 2014 Friday

Festive fever: iPhone 6 sales fantastic across Gujarat;
an average, around 50-60 iPhone handsets are being sold on a daily basis across
Gujarat

BYLINE: Niyati Parikh-Deshpande

LENGTH: 309  words


an average, around 50-60 iPhone handsets are being sold on a daily basis across
Gujarat

Ahmedabad: Six days after it was officially launched in the state, Apple's
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus are getting an overwhelming response from the fans
across the state.

"There has been an overwhelming response from Gujarat for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
plus. Of the three variants available for each of these phones, the 128 GB
variant is the most popular one. In fact, we are out of stock for the 128 GB
iPhone 6, as we did not expect so much demand for the most expensive of the
models of the new Apple device. We have been getting many calls and inquiries
for the same," said Shekhar Singh, corporate communications manager of an
e-retail venture, Infibeam.

Sources said that on an average, around 50-60 iPhone handsets are being sold on
a daily basis across Gujarat by various e-retailers, of which around 30-40 are
sold in Ahmedabad alone.

Considering estimates provided by various retailers, the number of handsets sold
across Ahmedabad are around 300. This makes an average of more than Rs2 crore
spent by city-dwellers on iPhone.

Nilpesh Chavda, a resident of Bopal told dna, "I am keenly waiting for the new
iphone 6 plus that I have booked after paying Rs80,500. I am a fan of Apple
gadgets and I don't mind spending even up to Rs1.5-2 lakh to get these devices.
Apart from twhe new iPhone, I also look forward to Apple's smart watch."
Reviewers have rated the phone as the best in Apple's range so far and indeed
worthy of the obeisance people across the world have been paying to it. The
device boasts of a LED-backlit IPS LCD, capacitive touch screen with 16M colors,
an 8MP camera with face detection autofocus, dual-LED (dual tone) flash with HD
video and image recording, 1GB RAM along with a 1.4 GHz Processor.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2014 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              526 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                           September 29, 2014 Monday

Illegal Apple iPhone 6 sales flop in China;
Smugglers brought thousands of illegal iPhone 6 and 6 Plus phones into China,
hoping to make a lot of money. But due to decreased demand and oversupply,
scalpers are losing big.

BYLINE: Bryan Cronan Staff Writer

SECTION: Innovation

LENGTH: 517 words


Chinese smugglers brought in thousands of illegal iPhone 6 and 6 Plus phones
into the country from Hong Kong in the hopes of striking it rich, but instead,
the nefarious activity could cost them big time.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus haven't hit the legal Chinese market, one of the biggest
smart phone markets in the world, because they haven't been approved by the
Chinese government.

So, smugglers get Hong Kong citizens to pre-order phones and then buy them at
$325 more than the original price. They get the phones to electronic markets in
China, inside tea boxes or truck axles, and then sell them for between $1,960
and $2,450. But there is a problem - few people want to buy the phones.

Scalpers have been forced to slash the price to between $1,060 and $1,436
because of a decrease in demand and there are too many illegal phones on the
market.

"This year the scalpers' losses will be big," one scalper told The New York
Times. "Stocks of the iPhone 6 are way too high right now."

This is a bad sign for Apple's standing in the Chinese high-end smart phone
market. In the past, customers would pay a premium price for iPhones because
they were seen as a status symbol. Now, new local competitors are giving Apple a
tough time. Companies such as Xiaomi and Meizu Technology are gaining popularity
at less than half the price of an iPhone.

"The local players aren't only playing the price game," Kitty Fok, managing
director of the research firm IDC, told The New York Times. "They have products
that cater to the local market, big screen sizes, optimized connectivity for
China and dual SIM cards."

Ms. Fok said there are 50 million iPhone users in China, and she estimates that
Apple will sell about 4 million phones a month. But both Samsung and Apple are
feeling the impacts of growing local competitors. Samsung's sales dropped in
China last year, and Xiaomi became the country's largest smart phone maker.

Successful smugglers are hoping that a crackdown on phones being brought into
China will help push prices back up. On Thursday, Hong Kong customs officers
seized 286 phones from smugglers. In another bust, officers found hundreds of
phones in truck axles.

Though Apple announced it sold a record 10 million iPhone 6 and 6 Plus devices,
the company has come under fire recently. In the first couple of days after the
iPhone was released, customers complained about their phones bending. It started
a viral backlash on social media, called #Bendgate. Since then, Apple has stated
that it only got nine formal complaints about a bent phone.

But last Wednesday, Apple came under fire again when customers complained that
iOS 8.0.1 caused their phones to stop working. Apple removed the update within
an hour, and now has a fixed 8.0.2 update. These controversies have caused the
company's stock to take a small hit. In the past five days, Apple stock has
fallen 1.24 percent.

If the price decrease of illegal iPhone 6 and 6 Plus phones is any indication,
Apple may have a hard time selling its new phones in the Chinese market, which
are rumored to go on sale on October 10, according to MacRumors.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              527 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              May 27, 2016 Friday

Apple Pay now available to RBC Debit and credit cardholders

LENGTH: 292 words

DATELINE: New York



 TORONTO: As a market leader and strong supporter of advancing mobile payments,
RBC announced today that clients will now be able to use their personal Avion
and other RBC credit and debit cards with Apple Pay. Beginning today, RBC
clients who use iPhone and Apple Watch can make contactless point-of-sale
purchases at participating merchants accepting contactless payments.


 "For RBC, innovation and advancing mobile payments are fundamental to how we
are meeting the evolving expectations of our clients and ensuring that we are
everywhere our clients want us to be," said Linda Mantia, executive
vice-president, Digital, Payments and Cards at RBC. "We're happy to provide RBC
clients with convenience and choice of using Apple Pay. As mobile payments
technology continues to mature in Canada, these kinds of innovative payment
solutions give clients the ability to make mobile transactions seamless."
 RBC, as a market leader in payment innovation, has a strong history of
investing heavily in person-to-person payments and mobile technology. RBC
recently announced free Interac e-Transfers for personal chequing account
customers. More than half of all RBC e-Transfers are sent using a mobile device.

 RBC also announced today the introduction of Touch ID and Single Sign On for
the iOS Mobile App and iOS Mobile Wallet.
 Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will continue to receive all of the
rewards and bene[#xfb01]ts offered by credit cards. In stores, Apple Pay works
with iPhone SE, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple
Watch. When paying for goods and services in-store and in-app, Apple Pay is
compatible with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air 2,
iPad mini 3, iPad mini 4, iPad Pro and Apple Watch.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              528 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                            October 13, 2015 Tuesday

Gurgaon-based Grofers gears up to deliver new iPhones at the doorsteps of buyers

LENGTH: 392  words

DATELINE: Mumbai


Mumbai, Oct. 13 -- Hundreds of Apple fans in India will be able to get hold of
the much-awaited iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus on the same day of the launch this
year.


 Hyper-local delivery app Grofers, which allows consumers to order products
online across categories from groceries to smartphones and get them delivered to
their doorstep within a few hours, has taken the hyper-local delivery to a next
level.
 The Gurgaon-based start-up has tied up with Reliance Digital to deliver iPhone
6s to its customers at midnight on Friday when the Cupertino-based Apple Inc
launches the smartphone in India. The base price of iPhone 6s is pegged at
[#x20b9]62,000 while that for iPhone 6s Plus is [#x20b9]92,000.
 Tiger Global-backed Grofers, which recently entered the electronics category,
is exclusively starting midnight deliveries of the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus
in eight cities. This will be for the first time in India that iPhones will be
delivered at the doorstep of the customer on the midnight of the launch in India
- October 15.
 Dhruv Arora, Category Head for Electronics at Grofers, said, "Many speak about
standing in lines around iPhone launches, but the majority gives up on the idea
because of the given constraints around late night, assured availability, etc.
This will be the first for India and probably the world that iPhones will be
delivered within minutes after the midnight launch. Several people from senior
management along with other employees will be personally delivering the iPhones
at midnight."
 Arora added that ever since the app has taken pre-bookings of iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6s, the traffic and overall engagement on the app has gone up by 30 per
cent.
 "We have grown 200 per cent in the number of net orders since the previous
month in the electronics category. We got our first 2 pre-bookings of iPhone 6
in the first 3 minutes. And 80 per cent of our consumers who have booked iPhones
have opted for midnight deliveries on October 15," he added. He, however, did
not give out any figures on the number of bookings received for the iPhones.
 Aiming high
 Apple, which is looking to set up a manufacturing base in India in
collaboration with Foxcon, is looking to surpass the 55,000 sales number it had
achieved last year during the launch of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus this year
through a mix of online and offline sales strategy.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              529 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

Biz Break: Apple Watch gets the buzz, but iPhone is still king

BYLINE: By Jeremy C. Owens jowens@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; Financial Markets; News; Local; Business;
Columnists; Columnists

LENGTH: 1039 words


Today: Apple shows off a new product, but the refreshed iPhone line will mean
more to the company's bottom line. Also: Intel shows off its next advances.

The Lead: iPhones are key to Apple revenue growth, Apple Watch adoption

Apple's debut event sparked a lot of talk about its smartwatch, the first new
device launched by the company since the iPad four years ago, but the company's
immediate future and the Apple Watch's success depend on the other gadgets
introduced Tuesday -- new iPhones.

In a highly anticipated event Tuesday, Apple CEO Tim Cook debuted the Apple
Watch and a mobile-payments attempt called Apple Pay, two new offerings the
Cupertino company hopes will grow revenues that have already exploded in the
past decade. The main cause of that growth has been the iPhone, Apple's
smartphone that was refreshed with two new offerings, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

The main focus was Apple Watch, a smartwatch that will work in concert with the
iPhone as long as the device is an iPhone 5 or newer. The device has a starting
price of $350 and offers an array of customizable features, with early reviews
proclaiming it the best smartwatch to arrive so far.

However, Apple will have to sell a lot of smartwatches to recognize a
substantial amount of revenues, and it won't be helped by the holiday shopping
season since the watch will not hit shelves until 2015.

The most optimistic forecast for watch sales that arrived ahead of the debut --
Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty's prediction that Apple would sell up to 60
million smartwatches in the first year -- would add more than 10 percent to
Apple's revenue total, but that's a very tall order. Bloomberg News points out
that only 2.8 million smartwatches were sold in 2013 , along with 13.6 million
fitness-tracking devices.

"If you believe in having a screen on your wrist, then this is the way to do it,
but the question is whether this is something people want," Andreessen Horowitz
partner Benedict Evans told Bloomberg.

However, the Apple Watch as well as Apple Pay could be helped by Apple's big
moneymaker, the iPhone, which makes up the majority of Apple sales and profits.
Apple introduced two larger iPhones on Tuesday, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus,
with the latter phone of the "phablet" variety, offering a 5.5 inch screen
between the typical dimensions of smartphones and tablets.

The larger screen is an important feature for Apple's growth in Asia, where the
phablet form factor has been extremely popular. Research firm IDC reported last
week that phablets will surpass laptops in 2014 and tablets in 2015 in terms of
shipment volume, underscoring the battle Apple is set to enter.

"That's a slam dunk," TECHnalysis Research analyst Bob O'Donnell told Mercury
News reporter Julia Love . "Most of the people things are doing with their
phones today really cry out for a larger screen."

Along with the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, Apple will continue to sell the
iPhone 5S and 5C at reduced prices, giving it a wider range of sizes and price
points that will be crucial as the company seeks further sales growth.

In return, iPhone adoption could lead to greater adoption of the new offerings
Apple introduced Tuesday.

"The iPhone acts as a critical bridgehead to acquire new customers, and as a
foundation for new ventures such as Apple Watch and Apple Pay," IHS analyst Ian
Fogg noted in an email Tuesday. "The more new customers Apple can win with the
iPhone 6, the greater the chance of success the company will have with Apple
Watch and Apple Pay."

Apple's stock fluctuated wildly during the event, though the general pattern
told the story: prices went higher while the iPhone was being discussed, then
fell when the Apple Watch made its debut. In the end, Apple topped $103 in
intraday trading but ended with a 0.4 percent decline at $97.99.

SV150 market report: Wall Street falls as Intel pitches its future

Apple's struggles contributed to a tough day on Wall Street , especially for
Silicon Valley tech stocks, which were also brought down by Intel and Google.

Intel couldn't find a boost despite showing off its next round of advances in a
Tuesday event at its Santa Clara headquarters. The chipmaker's annual event for
software developers focused mostly on Intel's attempts to break into wearables
and the so-called Internet of Things, while also including an ultrathin tablet
and wireless-charging technology. "My biggest take-away (was) just how serious
Intel is about mobility and the Internet of Things," analyst Patrick Moorhead
told the Mercury News. Intel shares fell 1.2 percent to $34.91 on the day.

Google continued to deal with issues in Europe, as the Mountain View search
giant's antitrust deal seemingly fell apart and former CEO Eric Schmidt looked
for clarification on the "Right to be Forgotten" ; Google declined 1.6 percent
to $591.97 on the day. Twitter fell 2.7 percent to $50.61 while facing threats
from a terrorist organization, and rival Facebook dropped 1.6 percent from
all-time highs to close at $76.67. As Apple broke into PayPal's payments
territory, parent company eBay sank 2.8 percent to $52.73. The Bay Area's merger
market stayed hot, with eBates getting $1 billion from Rakuten a day after
Berkeley organic foods company Annie's agreed to be purchased for $820 million .
After the bell, Palo Alto Networks released its earnings , showing a quarterly
loss of $32.1 million or 41 cents a share, on sales of $178.2 million,
exhibiting year-over-year revenue growth of 59 percent; shares gained to nearly
$93 in late trading after closing with a 0.8 percent decline at $89.28.

Up: GoPro, VMware, Symantec, SanDisk, Oracle

Down: SunPower, Workday, eBay, Twitter, Yahoo, Zynga, Pandora, SolarCity, Yelp,
Google, Facebook, EA

The SV150 index of Silicon Valley's largest tech companies: Down 13.7, or 0.84
percent, to 1609.6

The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index: Down 40, or 0.87 percent, to 4,552.29

The blue chip Dow Jones industrial average: Down 97.55, or 0.57 percent, to
17,013.87

And the widely watched Standard & Poor's 500 index: Down 13.1, or 0.65 percent,
to 1,988.44

Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com .
Contact Jeremy C. Owens at 408-920-5876; follow him at Twitter.com/jowens510 .

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple CEO Tim Cook introduces the new iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus
during at the Flint Center Tuesday morning September 9, 2014 in Cupertino,
California. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              530 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                          February 17, 2016 Wednesday

U.S. Bank Adds Apple Pay® to Its U.S. Bank FlexPerks® American Express® Credit
Cards

LENGTH: 310 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 MINNEAPOLIS:The convenience, simplicity and security of Apple Pay are now
available to customers who use U.S. Bank FlexPerks American Express Cards.
 "Enabling Apple Pay for our U.S. Bank FlexPerks American Express Cardmembers
continues our efforts to give customers choices in how they manage payments, as
well as providing them an easy, secure and private way to pay," said Cliff Cook,
senior vice president for the U.S. Bank retail credit-card division. "As one of
the leaders in mobile payments, we continue investing in innovation to better
serve our customers today and anticipate their needs for tomorrow."
 Apple Pay is now available with the:




  U.S. Bank FlexPerks Reserve American Express Card.

  U.S. Bank FlexPerks Travel Rewards American Express Card.

  U.S. Bank FlexPerks Select+ American Express Card.

 With this announcement, all U.S. Bank credit and debit cards (consumer and
small business) work with Apple Pay. With Apple Pay, card numbers are not stored
on the device; instead, a unique Device Account Number is assigned, encrypted
and securely stored in the Secure Element. If the device is lost or stolen, it's
easy to quickly suspend the device and stop the ability to make purchases.
 Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will continue to receive all of the
rewards and benefits offered by their U.S. Bank American Express Card. In
stores, Apple Pay works with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
and Apple Watch. When online shopping in apps, accepting Apple Pay is as simple
as the touch of a finger with Touch ID, so there's no need to manually fill out
lengthy account forms or repeatedly type in shipping and billing information.
When paying for goods and services within apps, Apple Pay is compatible with
iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air 2, iPad mini 3,
iPad mini 4 and iPad Pro.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              531 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           October 16, 2014 Thursday

Online pre-orders of iPhone 6 exceed 20 million

LENGTH: 223  words


Over 20 million iPhone 6 handsets have been pre-ordered on the Chinese mainland
since access to Apple's latest smartphone models became available on Oct 10, the
Beijing News reported.

Over 20 million iPhone 6 handsets have been pre-ordered on the Chinese mainland
since access to Apple's latest smartphone models became available on Oct 10, the
Beijing News reported.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be released in the Chinese mainland on Oct
17.

Apart from Apple's online store and three Chinese telecom carriers' pre-ordering
platforms, online retailers including Jingdong and Suning also allow customers
to reserve the new phones.

By Tuesday, reservations on Jingdong had reached 9.49 million, with 4.82 million
for the iPhone 6 Plus.

Apple on Tuesday also opened access to pre-orders of the new models at its 12
retail stores on the mainland. As long as customers succeed in pre-ordering
online, they can pick up their new smartphones at retail stores starting on Oct
17, rather than wait to receive them by mail. By 6:30pm, the company's website
showed that very few models were still available.

The number of reservations and sales show that the bigger iPhone 6 Plus is more
popular. In response to this, Apple has adjusted its production plan to provide
more of the 6 Plus, according to an unnamed person from the phone's supply
chain.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              532 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                    September 13, 2014 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus Set New Records In Pre-Order Sales

BYLINE: Sanchari Banerjee, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 436  words


Records say, Apple along with other major carriers, have sold out the larger
iPhone6 Plus, through their pre-order allotments.

Saturday, September 13, 2014: iPhone 6 has not marked success for Apple Inc.
only. American multinational telecommunications corporation, AT&T, has also
built its own records. Consumers tried to order new iPhones at a large scale as
pre-orders began after Friday midnight.

According to CNET, in a statement, AT&T Mobility CEO Glenn Lurie, cited, "This
is our biggest Phone, pre-order launch day ever." Some other sites have also
faced challenges as loading became a problem due to error messages. This kind of
slow-down is a clear hint that lots of phones have already been ordered.

Partnership between AT&T and Apple is a long-term one. The journey started back
in 2007 when the first iPhone's exclusive carrier was AT&T.; AT&T owned sole
rights on selling iPhone for three consecutive years. Later on, the right got
divided between AT&T and Verizon Wireless.

AT&T spokesperson Mark Siegel has told Re/code that iPhones' demand has raised
in comparison to past two years. Records say, Apple along with other major
carriers, have sold out the larger iPhone6 Plus, through their pre-order
allotments. All of them have maintained that this model will take longer
shipping time. In Verizon, 64GB iPhone 6 Plus is listed to be shipped by
mid-October. The same model will take shipping time of 35-42 days, as per AT&T.;
Apple says it will take three weeks to four weeks, which means before October
there is no hope.

But in comparison to other carriers like T-Mobile, Sprint and Apple's own store,
AT&T is doing relatively well in terms of online pre-orders. But this kind of
rush is nothing new to AT&T.; Sprint's website faced a temporary slow-down on
Friday mid-morning and an error message, "We'll be back", appeared repeatedly.
If someone tried to order the larger iPhone on T-Mobile, the message appeared
as, "Due to high demand, your Apple product may not be available for immediate
shipping. Once we are able to complete your order, you will receive a
notification when your product has shipped."

A new update, as reported by Re/code, says that an Apple representative has
announced that a new record has been set in the iPhone history, following the
overnight sales. Though the number of sales has not been confirmed by Apple, so
far. Apple has told Re/code exclusively, "Response to iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
has been incredible with a record number of preorders overnight." Meanwhile,
Sprint also termed the response as "strong" but they have also not released any
pre-order sales numbers.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              533 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Crawley Observer

                            October 12, 2014 Sunday

Start menu makes a welcome return in Windows 10

LENGTH: 515  words


Why is the next version of Windows called Windows 10?

Because 7 ate 9.

Ahem.

Yes it is true, the next version of Windows to follow Windows 8 is going to be
called Windows 10. I am not sure who decided on that, or the reasons for it, but
I am sure it will confuse the hell out of a lot of people. It was probably the
same people that decided on the names XBox, XBox 360 and XBox One, in that
order.

Whatever it is called, Windows 10 heralds the return of the Start menu. For real
this time. The Start button is there and clicking it opens up a menu, rather
than taking you to a touch optimized Start screen. The menu now sports a section
you can personalise with live tiles, which integrates some of the Windows 8 UI
(user interface) with the old style desktop. I have seen a short demo of it and
it does look much better. There are other improvements too, like being able to
snap up to four apps at a time, or even to have multiple desktops you can switch
between. So, you could have one desktop for work, one for play, one for music.
Whatever takes your fancy. Some of the updates (like multiple desktops) have
been available for Linux and Mac users for years, so it is nice to see Microsoft
learning from the competition and using what works.

Windows 10 is still a way off yet, but is expected to be released some time next
year.

Now something that has had a lot of Apple iPhone users bent up all week, is the
#bendgate saga. Apple launched the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus and the world
rejoiced, but then shortly after there were reports that iPhone 6 Plus users
were complaining about their phones getting bent. Yes, it turns out that the
sleek aluminium body of the iPhone 6 Plus is just a wee bit too big and thin and
tends to warp and bend when inside your pocket.

Where else would you put your mobile phone if not in your pocket?

Apple have been refusing to comment on the whole episode, while many tech
reporters have been going out of their way to test the theory and prove that the
iPhone 6 Plus does bend rather easily. So, if you are considering buying a new
iPhone, please take into consideration the wibbly wobbly nature of the 6 Plus.
The standard iPhone 6 appears to be much less bendable by the way.

Now a bunch of designers and artists would like to say "Ello". Ello is a new
social network touted as an anti Facebook, no adverts platform. It is invite
only at the moment and the network is still in early beta, so I was happy when I
managed to get an invite.

The design is minimalist and simple, which is a far cry from the blue confusion
that is Facebook. Images are displayed full bleed' which is good, although the
UI (there's that acronym again) isn't always immediately obvious. As I say, it
is early beta for the network, so I expect a lot to change as features are
added, bugs are removed and things are generally tweaked. It has managed to
generate a lot of interest in the tech media this week, with thousands of people
scrabbling to get a first look at what is hoped will be a breath of fresh air in
the world of social media.

Alan Stainerhttps://www.alansitsolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPCO


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              534 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Mid Sussex Times

                            October 12, 2014 Sunday

Start menu makes a welcome return in Windows 10

LENGTH: 515  words


Why is the next version of Windows called Windows 10?

Because 7 ate 9.

Ahem.

Yes it is true, the next version of Windows to follow Windows 8 is going to be
called Windows 10. I am not sure who decided on that, or the reasons for it, but
I am sure it will confuse the hell out of a lot of people. It was probably the
same people that decided on the names XBox, XBox 360 and XBox One, in that
order.

Whatever it is called, Windows 10 heralds the return of the Start menu. For real
this time. The Start button is there and clicking it opens up a menu, rather
than taking you to a touch optimized Start screen. The menu now sports a section
you can personalise with live tiles, which integrates some of the Windows 8 UI
(user interface) with the old style desktop. I have seen a short demo of it and
it does look much better. There are other improvements too, like being able to
snap up to four apps at a time, or even to have multiple desktops you can switch
between. So, you could have one desktop for work, one for play, one for music.
Whatever takes your fancy. Some of the updates (like multiple desktops) have
been available for Linux and Mac users for years, so it is nice to see Microsoft
learning from the competition and using what works.

Windows 10 is still a way off yet, but is expected to be released some time next
year.

Now something that has had a lot of Apple iPhone users bent up all week, is the
#bendgate saga. Apple launched the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus and the world
rejoiced, but then shortly after there were reports that iPhone 6 Plus users
were complaining about their phones getting bent. Yes, it turns out that the
sleek aluminium body of the iPhone 6 Plus is just a wee bit too big and thin and
tends to warp and bend when inside your pocket.

Where else would you put your mobile phone if not in your pocket?

Apple have been refusing to comment on the whole episode, while many tech
reporters have been going out of their way to test the theory and prove that the
iPhone 6 Plus does bend rather easily. So, if you are considering buying a new
iPhone, please take into consideration the wibbly wobbly nature of the 6 Plus.
The standard iPhone 6 appears to be much less bendable by the way.

Now a bunch of designers and artists would like to say "Ello". Ello is a new
social network touted as an anti Facebook, no adverts platform. It is invite
only at the moment and the network is still in early beta, so I was happy when I
managed to get an invite.

The design is minimalist and simple, which is a far cry from the blue confusion
that is Facebook. Images are displayed full bleed' which is good, although the
UI (there's that acronym again) isn't always immediately obvious. As I say, it
is early beta for the network, so I expect a lot to change as features are
added, bugs are removed and things are generally tweaked. It has managed to
generate a lot of interest in the tech media this week, with thousands of people
scrabbling to get a first look at what is hoped will be a breath of fresh air in
the world of social media.

Alan Stainerhttps://www.alansitsolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPMT


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              535 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Sussex Express

                            October 12, 2014 Sunday

Start menu makes a welcome return in Windows 10

LENGTH: 515  words


Why is the next version of Windows called Windows 10?

Because 7 ate 9.

Ahem.

Yes it is true, the next version of Windows to follow Windows 8 is going to be
called Windows 10. I am not sure who decided on that, or the reasons for it, but
I am sure it will confuse the hell out of a lot of people. It was probably the
same people that decided on the names XBox, XBox 360 and XBox One, in that
order.

Whatever it is called, Windows 10 heralds the return of the Start menu. For real
this time. The Start button is there and clicking it opens up a menu, rather
than taking you to a touch optimized Start screen. The menu now sports a section
you can personalise with live tiles, which integrates some of the Windows 8 UI
(user interface) with the old style desktop. I have seen a short demo of it and
it does look much better. There are other improvements too, like being able to
snap up to four apps at a time, or even to have multiple desktops you can switch
between. So, you could have one desktop for work, one for play, one for music.
Whatever takes your fancy. Some of the updates (like multiple desktops) have
been available for Linux and Mac users for years, so it is nice to see Microsoft
learning from the competition and using what works.

Windows 10 is still a way off yet, but is expected to be released some time next
year.

Now something that has had a lot of Apple iPhone users bent up all week, is the
#bendgate saga. Apple launched the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus and the world
rejoiced, but then shortly after there were reports that iPhone 6 Plus users
were complaining about their phones getting bent. Yes, it turns out that the
sleek aluminium body of the iPhone 6 Plus is just a wee bit too big and thin and
tends to warp and bend when inside your pocket.

Where else would you put your mobile phone if not in your pocket?

Apple have been refusing to comment on the whole episode, while many tech
reporters have been going out of their way to test the theory and prove that the
iPhone 6 Plus does bend rather easily. So, if you are considering buying a new
iPhone, please take into consideration the wibbly wobbly nature of the 6 Plus.
The standard iPhone 6 appears to be much less bendable by the way.

Now a bunch of designers and artists would like to say "Ello". Ello is a new
social network touted as an anti Facebook, no adverts platform. It is invite
only at the moment and the network is still in early beta, so I was happy when I
managed to get an invite.

The design is minimalist and simple, which is a far cry from the blue confusion
that is Facebook. Images are displayed full bleed' which is good, although the
UI (there's that acronym again) isn't always immediately obvious. As I say, it
is early beta for the network, so I expect a lot to change as features are
added, bugs are removed and things are generally tweaked. It has managed to
generate a lot of interest in the tech media this week, with thousands of people
scrabbling to get a first look at what is hoped will be a breath of fresh air in
the world of social media.

Alan Stainerhttps://www.alansitsolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPSE


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              536 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            West Sussex County Times

                            October 12, 2014 Sunday

Start menu makes a welcome return in Windows 10

LENGTH: 515  words


Why is the next version of Windows called Windows 10?

Because 7 ate 9.

Ahem.

Yes it is true, the next version of Windows to follow Windows 8 is going to be
called Windows 10. I am not sure who decided on that, or the reasons for it, but
I am sure it will confuse the hell out of a lot of people. It was probably the
same people that decided on the names XBox, XBox 360 and XBox One, in that
order.

Whatever it is called, Windows 10 heralds the return of the Start menu. For real
this time. The Start button is there and clicking it opens up a menu, rather
than taking you to a touch optimized Start screen. The menu now sports a section
you can personalise with live tiles, which integrates some of the Windows 8 UI
(user interface) with the old style desktop. I have seen a short demo of it and
it does look much better. There are other improvements too, like being able to
snap up to four apps at a time, or even to have multiple desktops you can switch
between. So, you could have one desktop for work, one for play, one for music.
Whatever takes your fancy. Some of the updates (like multiple desktops) have
been available for Linux and Mac users for years, so it is nice to see Microsoft
learning from the competition and using what works.

Windows 10 is still a way off yet, but is expected to be released some time next
year.

Now something that has had a lot of Apple iPhone users bent up all week, is the
#bendgate saga. Apple launched the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus and the world
rejoiced, but then shortly after there were reports that iPhone 6 Plus users
were complaining about their phones getting bent. Yes, it turns out that the
sleek aluminium body of the iPhone 6 Plus is just a wee bit too big and thin and
tends to warp and bend when inside your pocket.

Where else would you put your mobile phone if not in your pocket?

Apple have been refusing to comment on the whole episode, while many tech
reporters have been going out of their way to test the theory and prove that the
iPhone 6 Plus does bend rather easily. So, if you are considering buying a new
iPhone, please take into consideration the wibbly wobbly nature of the 6 Plus.
The standard iPhone 6 appears to be much less bendable by the way.

Now a bunch of designers and artists would like to say "Ello". Ello is a new
social network touted as an anti Facebook, no adverts platform. It is invite
only at the moment and the network is still in early beta, so I was happy when I
managed to get an invite.

The design is minimalist and simple, which is a far cry from the blue confusion
that is Facebook. Images are displayed full bleed' which is good, although the
UI (there's that acronym again) isn't always immediately obvious. As I say, it
is early beta for the network, so I expect a lot to change as features are
added, bugs are removed and things are generally tweaked. It has managed to
generate a lot of interest in the tech media this week, with thousands of people
scrabbling to get a first look at what is hoped will be a breath of fresh air in
the world of social media.

Alan Stainerhttps://www.alansitsolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JWIN


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              537 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              West Sussex Gazette

                            October 12, 2014 Sunday

Start menu makes a welcome return in Windows 10

LENGTH: 515  words


Why is the next version of Windows called Windows 10?

Because 7 ate 9.

Ahem.

Yes it is true, the next version of Windows to follow Windows 8 is going to be
called Windows 10. I am not sure who decided on that, or the reasons for it, but
I am sure it will confuse the hell out of a lot of people. It was probably the
same people that decided on the names XBox, XBox 360 and XBox One, in that
order.

Whatever it is called, Windows 10 heralds the return of the Start menu. For real
this time. The Start button is there and clicking it opens up a menu, rather
than taking you to a touch optimized Start screen. The menu now sports a section
you can personalise with live tiles, which integrates some of the Windows 8 UI
(user interface) with the old style desktop. I have seen a short demo of it and
it does look much better. There are other improvements too, like being able to
snap up to four apps at a time, or even to have multiple desktops you can switch
between. So, you could have one desktop for work, one for play, one for music.
Whatever takes your fancy. Some of the updates (like multiple desktops) have
been available for Linux and Mac users for years, so it is nice to see Microsoft
learning from the competition and using what works.

Windows 10 is still a way off yet, but is expected to be released some time next
year.

Now something that has had a lot of Apple iPhone users bent up all week, is the
#bendgate saga. Apple launched the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus and the world
rejoiced, but then shortly after there were reports that iPhone 6 Plus users
were complaining about their phones getting bent. Yes, it turns out that the
sleek aluminium body of the iPhone 6 Plus is just a wee bit too big and thin and
tends to warp and bend when inside your pocket.

Where else would you put your mobile phone if not in your pocket?

Apple have been refusing to comment on the whole episode, while many tech
reporters have been going out of their way to test the theory and prove that the
iPhone 6 Plus does bend rather easily. So, if you are considering buying a new
iPhone, please take into consideration the wibbly wobbly nature of the 6 Plus.
The standard iPhone 6 appears to be much less bendable by the way.

Now a bunch of designers and artists would like to say "Ello". Ello is a new
social network touted as an anti Facebook, no adverts platform. It is invite
only at the moment and the network is still in early beta, so I was happy when I
managed to get an invite.

The design is minimalist and simple, which is a far cry from the blue confusion
that is Facebook. Images are displayed full bleed' which is good, although the
UI (there's that acronym again) isn't always immediately obvious. As I say, it
is early beta for the network, so I expect a lot to change as features are
added, bugs are removed and things are generally tweaked. It has managed to
generate a lot of interest in the tech media this week, with thousands of people
scrabbling to get a first look at what is hoped will be a breath of fresh air in
the world of social media.

Alan Stainerhttps://www.alansitsolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPWG


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              538 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 25, 2015 Friday

iPhone 6s now in Chinese stores for Apple fans

LENGTH: 232  words


Apple enthusiasts in China can now pick up their pre ordered iPhone 6s or iPhone
6s Plus at Apple stores. The pre order channel on Apple's official website is
accessible for a limited time every day.

Apple fans line up in front of the Apple store in Sanlituan to pick up new
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, in Beijing, Sept 25, 2015. [Photo by Liu
Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple enthusiasts in China can now pick up their pre-ordered iPhone 6s or iPhone
6s Plus at Apple stores. The pre-order channel on Apple's official website is
accessible for a limited time every day.

According to reports, iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are expected to break sales
records currently held by the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus of last year.

Apple fans wait outside the Apple store in Sanlituan to pick up new iPhone 6s
and iPhone 6s Plus, in Beijing, on Sept 25, 2015. [Photo by Liu
Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

At 9 am Apple store opened to customers. The first customer received a round of
applauds in Beijing, on Sept 25, 2015. [Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

The first customer is excited outside the Apple store after picking up his new
iPhone in Beijing, on Sept 25, 2015. [Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

Zhang Yubo, an Apple aficionado took the red-eye train from Inner Mongolia and
arrived in Beijing at 3 am to pick up his iPhone 6s in person, on Sept 25, 2015.
[Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              539 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 25, 2015 Friday

iPhone 6s now in Chinese stores for Apple fans

LENGTH: 233  words


Apple enthusiasts in China can now pick up their pre ordered iPhone 6s or iPhone
6s Plus at Apple stores. The pre order channel on Apple's official website is
accessible for a limited time every day.

Apple fans line up in front of the Apple store in Sanlituan to pick up new
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, in Beijing, Sept 25, 2015. [Photo by Liu
Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple enthusiasts in China can now pick up their pre ordered iPhone 6s or iPhone
6s Plus at Apple stores. The pre order channel on Apple's official website is
accessible for a limited time every day.

According to reports, iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are expected to break sales
records currently held by the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus of last year.

Apple fans wait outside the Apple store in Sanlituan to pick up new iPhone 6s
and iPhone 6s Plus, in Beijing, on Sept 25, 2015. [Photo by Liu
Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

At 9 am Apple store opened to customers. The first customer received a round of
applauds in Beijing, on Sept 25, 2015. [Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

The first customer is excited outside the Apple store medias after picking up
his new iPhone in Beijing, on Sept 25, 2015. [Photo by Liu
Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

Zhang Yubo, an Apple aficionado took the red eye train from Inner Mongolia and
arrived in Beijing at 3 am to pick up his iPhone 6s in person, on Sept 25, 2015.
[Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              540 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 25, 2015 Friday

iPhone 6s now in Chinese stores for Apple fans

LENGTH: 300  words


Apple enthusiasts in China can now pick up their pre ordered iPhone 6s or iPhone
6s Plus at Apple stores. The pre order channel on Apple's official website is
accessible for a limited time every day.

Apple fans line up in front of the Apple store in Sanlituan to pick up new
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, in Beijing, Sept 25, 2015. [Photo by Liu
Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple enthusiasts in China can now pick up their pre ordered iPhone 6s or iPhone
6s Plus at Apple stores. The pre order channel on Apple's official website is
accessible for a limited time every day.

According to reports, iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are expected to break sales
records currently held by the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus of last year.

Apple fans wait outside the Apple store in Sanlituan to pick up new iPhone 6s
and iPhone 6s Plus, in Beijing, on Sept 25, 2015. [Photo by Liu
Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

At 9 am Apple store opened to customers. The first customer received a round of
applauds in Beijing, on Sept 25, 2015. [Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

The first customer is excited outside the Apple store medias after picking up
his new iPhone in Beijing, on Sept 25, 2015. [Photo by Liu
Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

Zhang Yubo, an Apple aficionado took the red eye train from Inner Mongolia and
arrived in Beijing at 3 am to pick up his iPhone 6s in person, on Sept 25, 2015.
[Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/68/144315493830.jpg

b083fe9cec49176ef3a21b.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/77/144315493878.jpg

b083fe955b6c176efb374c.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/2/144315493936.jpg

b083fe955b6c176efb3f50.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/97/144315493991.jpg

b083fe9cec49176ef3f91f.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/61/144315494039.jpg

b083fe955b6c176ef8f13b.jpg

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              541 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             coventrytelegraph.net

                      August 25, 2016 Thursday 9:54 AM GMT

Dreaded iPhone 6 'Touch Disease' makes handsets USELESS;
Experts say millions of handsets could potentially be affected

BYLINE: By James Rodger

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 334 words


Two of Apple's signature smartphones, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, are suffered from
'Touch Disease'.

According to repair experts, the bug - which breaks screens - is affecting a
growing number of the smartphones.

A design flaw in the handsets renders them completely unusable if infected,
according to repair specialist iFixit.

According to reports, a growing number of customers have been sending their
iPhone 6 handsets in for repair after a grey, flickering bar appeared at the top
of their display.

Shortly after the appearance of this grey bar, the iPhone's touchscreen has
reportedly become unresponsive, rendering the device useless.

iFixit claims that the issue can be traced back to a structural design flaw in
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - meaning millions of handsets could potentially be
vulnerable.

Despite this revelation, it currently remains unclear how widespread the problem
is.

Several users have been left angry by their handset's vulnerability, with many
taking to the Apple website to report the issue.

Never miss a text message again with this hidden iPhone feature

There is some respite to be found, say experts, by twisting your handset
slightly and applying pressure to the screen.

Doing this can make the smartphone work - albeit briefly - but the problem lies
in the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus' logic board, the part of the phone that facilitates
communication between the different elements of the device.

The Touch IC chip, which controls how the screen responds to touch, connects to
the board through a lot of little solder balls.

Is your phone dying too quickly? New super-battery may offer a solution

As the phone is bent and twisted slightly over time these balls crack and lose
contact with the board, resulting in a dead area appearing on the screen.

As such, there isn't a quick fix for the problem as replacing the screen on your
iPhone 6 or 6 Plus won't solve the issue.

To fix it, you need to replace the Touch IC on the phone's logic board, a
procedure that Apple reportedly can't do in store.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBET


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              542 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                    September 10, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Tim Cook's Letter To His Employees After The Event Success

BYLINE: Kamya Kandhari, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 364  words


Tim Cook says iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are the biggest advancements in iPhone
history.

Wednesday, September 10, 2014: September 9, was indeed a big day for Apple
employees, when the company revealed its highly awaited Apple iPhone 6, 6 Plus
and Apple Watch with many add-on features. On the D-Day Apple CEO Tim Cook took
an opportunity to congratulate his employees for the triumph of their hard
efforts put for the big day.

Below is the complete letter by Tim Cook which first appeared in 9to5Mac.

Team, It's an incredible day for Apple.

We've just wrapped up an exciting event at the Flint Center here in Cupertino,
where we announced two extraordinary new iPhones - iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus -
which are the biggest advancements in iPhone history. Our customers won't
believe the amazing performance from our new A8 chip and the stunning 4.7-inch
and 5.5-inch Retina HD displays. These are the thinnest iPhones ever, delivering
those bigger displays in a dramatic new design.

We also introduced Apple Pay, a whole new category of service that makes paying
at the cashier or online easier, more secure and more private. It's another
example of how hard we work to solve complex problems and make them simple for
our users.

And of course, we unveiled our most personal device ever with Apple Watch. This
is a product which will change what people expect from wearable technology.
Apple Watch lets you connect and communicate in a more intimate way, featuring a
revolutionary user interface for an exquisitely crafted product that people will
love to wear. It also includes comprehensive health and fitness apps that can
help people lead healthier lives. You're going to hear a lot more about Apple
Watch and what it can do in the months to come.

A day like today reminds us what sets Apple apart from any other company on
earth. We bring together the best hardware, software and services to create a
seamless and intuitive user experience. Our products enrich people's lives,
which is something rare and special.

Congratulations to all of you who worked so hard to deliver these amazing
innovations for our customers. I hope you are as excited as I am about this new
chapter in Apple's story.

Tim

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              543 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  My Republica

                          December 31, 2014 Wednesday

Gadgets that hogged the headlines

LENGTH: 393 words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, Dec. 31 -- The year 2014 proved to be a good year for gadget
enthusiasts as the year saw launch of number of high-end smart devices in the
country. Local dealers focused on bringing latest and high-tech mobile phones in
the market by the leading brands. It not only helped the customers get the best
of the gadgets world but also help expand the country's mobile phones market.
Given below are some of the marquee phones launched in 2014:

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus

The year 2014 was a notable year for domestic mobile phones industry as Apple
formally entered into the Nepali market by appointing Generation Next
Communications as its dealer for Nepal. Apple launched its latest smartphones --
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus -- in the Nepali market in the third week of
December. Prices of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus start from Rs 83,999 and Rs
94,499, respectively. Entry iPhone is expected to give a tough competition to
Samsung which dominates high-end segment in the domestic mobile phone market.

Samsung Galaxy S5 and Note 4

Integrated Mobility Solution (IMS), the authorized distributor of Samsung mobile
phones in Nepal, launched its two flagship phones -- Galaxy S5 and Galaxy Note 4
-- in 2014. Priced at Rs 76,000, the Galaxy S5 features 5.1-inch display and
runs on 2.5 GHz quad core processor. Similarly, IMS launched Galaxy Note 4 in
the third week of October priced at Rs 85,900. The phablet uses 5.7-inch Quad HD
Super AMOLED screen. It has 16MP Smart OIS camera and 3.7 MP front-facing F1.9
lens camera with wide selfie mode.

Sony Xperia Z3

Nepa Hima Trade Link launched Sony's flagship phone -- Xperia Z3 -- in the
Nepali market in the last week of November. The phone features Qualcomm
Snapdragon 2.5GHz quad-core processor, Android KitKat 4.4.4 OS, and 5.2-inch
Full-HD IPS LCD captive touch screen. The phone is available at Rs 75,000.

Gionee Elife S5.1

Billed the slimmest phone in the world, Gionee Elife S5.1 was launched in Nepal
in the third week of December. Priced at Rs 29,995, the phone came into
limelight due to its affordability and slimness. According to the company, the
phone comes with narrow (1.8 mm) bezel and weighs only 97 gram.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Republica. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Nepal Republic Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              544 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday
                         The New York Times on the Web

Video: Testing the Camera on the iPhone 6

BYLINE: By MOLLY WOOD

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg.

LENGTH: 276 words


The new iPhones have gotten almost as much attention for their cameras as for
their larger screens and software updates-

Both the devices, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, have a new sensor on the
camera with something called Focus Pixels, an addition that enables
significantly faster auto-focusing and more accurate colors. Other features
include manual exposure controls, slower and crisper slow motion shooting, video
stabilization and higher-resolution panoramas. The iPhone 6 Plus, the bigger of
the two phones, also has optical image stabilization for reducing blur and
allowing longer exposures in lowlight situations.

As many an amateur photographer has discovered, however, simply owning a better
camera doesn't always produce better shots. So to determine whether the iPhone 6
cameras are a true improvement over their already good predecessors, I shipped
my review units to Todd Heisler, a staff photographer at The New York Times.

Mr. Heisler said the size of the iPhone 6 Plus made it too unwieldy to use on a
daily basis, so he stuck to testing the iPhone 6. He said he didn't miss the
added features.

Mr. Heisler said the camera on the iPhone 6 was closer to his professional gear
than ever before, because of the slider that lets you fine-tune exposure even
when you're rolling video and built-in tools for fine-tuning light, exposure,
contrast and color. And he said that because of those controls, there's no need
to turn to third-party camera apps that can be more complicated to use.

Professional photographers like Mr. Heisler probably won't be shelving their pro
cameras for iPhones yet. But don't be surprised if they pull one out on the job.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/09/26/technology/personaltech/video-testing-the-came
ra-on-the-iphone-6.html

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              545 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            October 24, 2014 Friday

iPhone loses subsidies in China

BYLINE: Dai Tian

LENGTH: 542  words


Chinese telecom operators are reportedly cutting subsidies to Apple's iPhone
smartphones, reducing the US company's dependence on the carriers.

Tony Zhan, 32, holds up his new iPhone 6 Plus after it went on sale at the Apple
store in Pasadena, California September 19, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Chinese telecom operators are reportedly cutting subsidies to Apple's popular
iPhone smartphones, reducing the California company's dependence on the
carriers, says a senior telecom market analyst.

The major carriers in China, China Unicom, China Mobile and China Telecom will
reduce subsidies on the iPhone in part to improve financial performance as the
subsidies is not tax exempt, said James Yan, a senior analyst at IDC.

As Apple launched iPhone 6 on Chinese mainland on Oct 17, China Mobile, China
Unicom and China Telecom released their the pricing for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.
The telecom offered the phones on contract at about the same or even more than
Apple own retail stores.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus retail starting at 5,288 yuan ($860) and 6088 yuan
($994).

Telecom companies typically offer subsidized pricing for mobile phones to entice
customers to sign contracts. The company's recuperate the initial loss on the
sales price of the phone through the contract period, typically one to two
years. This time around, Chinese companies are opting to charge full price for
the phone and offer service bonuses to entice consumers.

China Mobile is offering customers the base iPhone 6 model for 5,288 yuan.
Customers will receive a balance bonus of as much as 3,264 yuan on a two-year
contract. That balance can be used towards cellular data plans, voice plans, and
other charges the user may incur. In comparison, China Unicom offers a different
plan with a package starting at 5,499 yuan. This plan allows the option of a one
to three year contract and includes a maximum balance bonus of 5,472 yuan. China
Telecom offers a two or three year contract with a useable balance that totals
the cost of the phone.

"China Mobile stopped offering a contracted iPhone for free in order to attract
customers," said Yan.

He added that China Unicom and China Telecom also have reduced the subsidies on
the iPhone 6 compared with earlier models.

The strategy evolves as Apple taps into a more high-end customer base in China.

"Its (Apple's) cooperation with major Chinese carriers will continue but the
tech giant will depend less on them," said Yan.

Apple was the sixth-largest smartphone vendor in China by volume during the
second quarter with a market share of nearly 7 percent, according to consultancy
Analysys International.

According to Yan, e-commerce has also played a big role in Apple's sales in
China. Yan estimates that 20 percent of the iPhone 6's sales came from online
shopping sites such as JD.com.

JD.com delivered the first batch of iPhone 6 within three hours of the official
launch in the Chinese mainland on Oct 17, New Express Daily reported.

"I'm thinking of buying a contracted iPhone 6 by the end of the year in the US,
because it will be much cheaper there," said Laura Fernandez, a student in
Uinersity of International Business and Economics in Beijing.

Apple unveils iPad Air 2 with Touch ID to secure Apple pay
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus launched in China

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              546 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                    September 25, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

BEND TEST: Nokia Lumia 1020, HTC One M8, Moto X 2nd Gen and iPhone 6 put to test

LENGTH: 193  words


Unbox Therapy, the channel which posted the Iphone 6 Plus bend test this week
takes Lumia 1020, HTC One M8 and Moto X to bend test.

Unbox Therapy posted the 'Iphone 6 Plus Bend Test' video yesterday on YouTube
showing how the iPhone 6 plus bends on applying a little pressure on the phone.

This resulted in lot of reaction on Twitter, Facebook and in news portals. So,
this time the channel has picked the best from 3 other competitors to for a bend
test.

Here are the results of this test.

Apple iPhone 6: This phone refused to bend. The glue that sticks the display
screen to the phone body seems as coming out which can be put back easily. This
is considerably better than the iPhone 6 Plus.

HTC One M8: The phone made a 'tuck' sound and the glue comes loose near the
screen, but the phone is sturdy enough not to bend.

2nd Generation Moto X: This device turned out to be rigid and solid block of
phone. No bending, no affect of pressure on the phone.

The phone this week launched in India as the successor of Moto X.

Nokia Lumia 1020: The phone gave a cracking sound, but it was nothing to fear
about. The phone is rock solid and is not affected by the pressure.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              547 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                             June 18, 2016 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Apple found to have violated patent rights; Newest iPhones similar to Chinese
smartphone, Beijing agency rules

BYLINE: David Ramli, Calgary Herald

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. C9

LENGTH: 493 words


Apple Inc. violated the design patents of a Chinese device maker and may have to
halt sales of its latest iPhones in Beijing, the city's intellectual property
authority ruled. The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus infringe on Shenzhen Baili's
patent rights because of similarities to its 100C phone, the Beijing
Intellectual Property Office wrote in its decision. Apple, whose iconic gadgets
helped define the modern smartphone industry, said it's appealing the ruling and
is continuing to sell various iPhone 6 models during the process.

"IPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus as well as iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone SE
models are all available for sale today in China," Apple spokeswoman Kristin
Huguet said in an emailed statement. "We appealed an administrative order from a
regional patent tribunal in Beijing last month and as a result the order has
been stayed pending review by the Beijing IP Court."

While the decision covers only Beijing, future lawsuits against Apple could take
the case as a precedent, potentially influencing the outcomes of litigation
elsewhere in China.

Baili is one of scores of smartphone brands trying to cash in on the country's
mobile boom.

Xu Guoxiang, the inventor who holds the patent and listed as a Baili
representative, did not answer calls seeking comment.

Tim Long, an analyst at BMO Capital Markets in New York, said he doesn't think
the impact of the Chinese ruling is meaningful.

"We believe there have been several prior cases against U.S. companies ruled in
favour of local companies by lower courts that were later overturned by higher
courts," Long wrote in a note to clients.

"We have seen dozens of court decisions banning different smartphone products
over the years in many different countries. We are not aware of one ever that
has resulted in an actual injunction." The ruling by the agency - which
administers matters involving patents in Beijing - is the latest in a series of
setbacks for Apple in its largest market after the U.S. Its book and movie
services were blocked in April for violating foreign publishing regulations. In
2013, state media accused the company of shoddy customer service and inadequate
warranties, prompting an apology from Apple CEO Tim Cook.

Last month, it lost its fight to keep the "iPhone" exclusive to its products
after a Beijing court ruled that a little-known accessories maker can use the
label for a range of wallets and purses. And in 2012, Apple paid US$60 million
to Proview International Holdings Ltd. to settle a dispute over the right to the
iPad name in China.

Apple has relied on the world's second-largest economy to sustain its pace of
growth, though it has begun to experience a slowdown. For the three months ended
March 26, revenue in Greater China, which includes Hong Kong and Taiwan, fell 26
per cent to US$12.5 billion. Cook has pledged to continue investing despite an
economic deceleration. Bloomberg !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All
rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ng Han Guan, Associated Press; Apple Inc. says it will appeal a ruling
by the Beijing Intellectual Property Office that its iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
devices infringe on the patents of a Chinese smartphone maker. Apple will
continue selling the phones pending an appeal.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              548 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                              April 5, 2015 Sunday

Dying has its plus side - a HK$21 iPhone 6 Plus

BYLINE: Laura Zhou  laura.zhou@scmp.com

SECTION: NEWS; National China News; Pg.7

LENGTH: 491 words


Apple's top-selling smartphone, the iPhone 6 Plus, is the must-have item in the
afterlife, too - and costs only 17 yuan (HK$21).

Realistic-looking paper versions of the phone were snapped up by young
mainlanders as offerings to the dead ahead of today's annual Ching Ming
festival.

One Shanghai trader, called Chen, said sales of paper versions of the iPhone 6
Plus had leapt tenfold as people prepared the offerings for the festival.

He said his online store, on the Taobao e-commerce website, offered many
different paper offerings that closely resembled real-life products, but the
paper iPhone 6 Plus was his bestseller.

Chen has sold 52 in the past few months, including 40 in the last couple of
weeks.

His white-paper iPhone 6 Plus, complete with paper USB charger cable and
adapter, costs 17 yuan. Other popular paper offerings include  a Mac laptop  for
40 yuan, and a Samsung Galaxy Note 4.

Chen also sells paper BMW cars, driving licences and - another "hot" item -
personalised paper car number plates.

"Personalised number plates are popular, too, as you must go to a Shanghai
auction to get one, so buyers are keen to give their ancestors a precious gift,"
he said.

A real personalised number plate can cost 90,000 yuan at an auction; Chen's is
just one yuan.

The burning of paper offerings, including fake money, is a traditional Chinese
ritual to honour the dead during the Ching Ming festival, when relatives visit
the graves of their ancestors.

Chen said the appeal of his offerings was that they looked just like the real
thing, and were made of high-quality paper. Traditional low-quality paper
offerings cost only a few yuan.

"People have grown tired of poorly made paper offerings and think that spending
a few yuan when paying respects to their ancestors is no big deal," he said.

Yet his products are not the most expensive on the market - not by a long way.

Han Dingyu, a consultant at Skea, a Taiwanese store making small, custom-made
paper offerings, said that this year there had been strong online demand from
mainlanders buying products, including paper apartments, cars - even golf clubs
- for the dead, which cost from NT$2,000 to NT$360,000 (HK$500 to HK$90,000).
Demand was so strong that his company hoped to open a store on the mainland, he
said.

Elsewhere, Henry Hong sells luxury paper offerings in shops in Guangdong and
Hong Kong, including a recycled-paper villa that costs just over 3,000 yuan.
Sales doubled in the leadup to weeks before  this year's  festival.

Hong said his customers were not necessarily the wealthiest people - rather
those intent on getting exactly what they wanted.

"A desire to fulfil the wishes of a loved one is the most important thing to
them," he said.

Yet all this realism has proved too much for some customers.

"Sometimes you feel quite upset as those costly items burn up in front of your
eyes, because they look so much like the real thing," one mainland microblogger
said.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: 90,000 ; The price, in HK dollars, that some paper products go for from
Taiwanese outlet Skea

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              549 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            January 26, 2015 Monday

Apple poised for record quarter, analysts predict

BYLINE: Julia Love

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 381 words


Riding a wave of red-hot iPhone sales and expanding market share, Apple is
widely expected to shatter records when it reports its earnings for the first
quarter of 2015 Tuesday.

The consensus from analysts is that Apple will log earnings per share of $2.59
on $67.5 billion in revenue, beating the companycs own forecast of $63.5 to
$66.5 billion in total sales. A group of analysts polled by Fortune expects
Apple to climb even higher, reaching revenue of $68.3 billion, a 21 percent jump
from the same time last year.

Brightened by a holiday glow, Applecs first quarter, which ends Dec. 27, is
always its biggest   and this time it had supersize iPhones to share. The wild
success of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus is analystsc chief cause for optimism. With
the gadgets, Apple at last answered the call for iPhones with larger screens,
and consumers rushed to stores in response. The phonesc record sales gave Apple
a boost last quarter , though they went on sale toward the end of the period.
Whatcs more, many consumers who wanted to buy the new phones when they first
when they first debuted were unable to as Apple struggled to meet pent-up
demand. The first quarter of 2015 is the first to reflect full availability of
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, and Wall Street is expecting a rich payday.

Strong sales in Asia will likely be another bright spot for the company. A new
report from Counterpoint Research found that sales of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus
had pushed Applecs share of the smartphone market up to 51 percent in Japan, 33
percent in South Korea and 12 percent in China. Some analysts expect Apple to
announce it sold more phones in China than in the U.S. for the first time last
year, as the Financial Times reported .

Of course, the booming iPhone sales do have a dark lining. Sales of the iPad
have been slumping for some time, and analysts will be watching to see whether
the enlarged iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have further cannibalized tablet sales. When
Apple CEO Tim Cook comes on the line, theycll also be listening closely for
statistics about Apple Pay, the companycs new mobile payments service, as well
as hints about the Apple Watch, which is set to debut early this year.

Above: Apple CEO Tim Cook is expected to announce record earnings on Tuesday
(Justin Sullivan/Getty Images).c

c

c

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CUPERTINO, CA - SEPTEMBER 09: Apple CEO Tim Cook shows off the new
iPhone 6 and the Apple Watch during an Apple special event at the Flint Center
for the Performing Arts on September 9, 2014 in Cupertino, California. Apple is
expected to unveil the new iPhone 6 and wearble tech. (Photo by Justin
Sullivan/Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              550 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                     (Bits)

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Online Orders for New iPhones Exceed 4 Million

BYLINE: Brian X. Chen

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 382 words



HIGHLIGHT: The company said Monday that orders for its new iPhones &#8212; the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus &#8212; topped four million in the first 24 hours
they became available for order online. That is double the number of early
online orders for the iPhone 5 two years ago.


Early signs show that bigger iPhones are already leading to bigger sales for
Apple.

The company on Monday said that early orders for the new iPhones - the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus - topped four million in the first 24 hours that they became
available for order online over the weekend. That is double the number of early
orders that came in for the iPhone 5 when it first went on sale online two years
ago.

Both new iPhones unveiled last week are significantly larger than previous
models. The iPhone 6 screen measures 4.7 inches diagonally and the iPhone 6 Plus
screen measures 5.5 inches. The earlier iPhone 5S  had a four-inch screen. The
new phones arrive in stores on Friday.

By increasing the screen size of the iPhone, Apple was responding to a broad
market trend: Consumers, especially those in China, are gravitating toward
bigger and bigger screens on smartphones, just as they did with televisions.

Some financial analysts are optimistic that the early orders will amount to
record-breaking iPhone sales over all. Maynard Um, an analyst for Wells Fargo,
said that Apple was on track to meet expectations for sales of millions in the
"low teens" range in the first weekend. That would be much higher than the nine
million in first-weekend sales last year for the iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C.

It can be easy to lose perspective on what those numbers mean. For comparison,
Motorola Mobility shipped 6.5 million smartphones in the first three months of
the year. Apple's iPhones are expected to sell at least double that number in
just their first weekend in stores.

Toni Sacconaghi, a financial analyst for Sanford C. Bernstein, said that
although the recently introduced Apple Watch and mobile payments service may
create new revenue streams for Apple, the company's financial situation remains
fundamentally unchanged: Its financial earnings still lean heavily on sales of
the iPhone, which accounts for about 70 percent of Apple's profit.

Still, it remains unclear, Mr. Sacconaghi said in an email, whether the new
iPhones will ultimately help the company's profits.

"Can Apple sustain iPhone margins in the face of higher costs on both new phones
(larger screen, battery, more memory, better processor, etc.) and a price
increase on only the larger offering?" he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2014 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              551 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                     (Bits)

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Online Orders for New iPhones Exceed 4 Million

BYLINE: Brian X. Chen

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 382 words



HIGHLIGHT: The company said Monday that orders for its new iPhones &#8212; the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus &#8212; topped four million in the first 24 hours
they became available for order online. That is double the number of early
online orders for the iPhone 5 two years ago.


Early signs show that bigger iPhones are already leading to bigger sales for
Apple.

The company on Monday said that early orders for the new iPhones - the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus - topped four million in the first 24 hours that they became
available for order online over the weekend. That is double the number of early
orders that came in for the iPhone 5 when it first went on sale online two years
ago.

Both new iPhones unveiled last week are significantly larger than previous
models. The iPhone 6 screen measures 4.7 inches diagonally and the iPhone 6 Plus
screen measures 5.5 inches. The earlier iPhone 5S  had a four-inch screen. The
new phones arrive in stores on Friday.

By increasing the screen size of the iPhone, Apple was responding to a broad
market trend: Consumers, especially those in China, are gravitating toward
bigger and bigger screens on smartphones, just as they did with televisions.

Some financial analysts are optimistic that the early orders will amount to
record-breaking iPhone sales over all. Maynard Um, an analyst for Wells Fargo,
said that Apple was on track to meet expectations for sales of millions in the
"low teens" range in the first weekend. That would be much higher than the nine
million in first-weekend sales last year for the iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C.

It can be easy to lose perspective on what those numbers mean. For comparison,
Motorola Mobility shipped 6.5 million smartphones in the first three months of
the year. Apple's iPhones are expected to sell at least double that number in
just their first weekend in stores.

Toni Sacconaghi, a financial analyst for Sanford C. Bernstein, said that
although the recently introduced Apple Watch and mobile payments service may
create new revenue streams for Apple, the company's financial situation remains
fundamentally unchanged: Its financial earnings still lean heavily on sales of
the iPhone, which accounts for about 70 percent of Apple's profit.

Still, it remains unclear, Mr. Sacconaghi said in an email, whether the new
iPhones will ultimately help the company's profits.

"Can Apple sustain iPhone margins in the face of higher costs on both new phones
(larger screen, battery, more memory, better processor, etc.) and a price
increase on only the larger offering?" he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2014 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              552 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                             October 6, 2014 Monday

Apple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus coming on October 17, pricing left to partners

BYLINE: Tech Desk

LENGTH: 153  words


Apple India has send out official notes saying iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will
be available in India beginning Friday, October 17. Pre-orders for the two
phones will begin Tuesday, October 7.

The good news here is that contradictory to earlier speculation, the iPhone 6
Plus is also coming to India. However, unlike earlier years Apple has not yet
listed the price of the two phones or its different variants. "Pricing details
will be soon made available by Apple's partners: Ingram Micro, Redington, Rashi
Peripherals and Reliance." the note said.

IndianExpress.com had earlier reported that the iPhone 6 will be coming to India
by October 18 at a price of around Rs 55,000. E-commerce players like
Grabmore.in are already taking pre-orders for the iPhone 6 from Indian
customers.

Another interesting aspect of any new iPhone launch is the price cut on earlier
models. That is where usually Apple rakes in a lot of volume.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              553 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                     September 9, 2014 Tuesday 8:56 PM GMT

Apple iPhone 6 Plus launch: Long-awaited new smartphone and Apple Watch are
unveiled;
Launch is hailed as 'biggest advancement in the history of the iPhone'

BYLINE: By Agency Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 652 words


Apple has introduced a new bigger iPhone for the first time, called the iPhone 6
Plus.

At an event in California on Tuesday, CEO Tim Cook said: "Today we're launching
the biggest advancement in the history of iPhone."

The new iPhone 6 Plus comes with a 5.5-inch screen, compared to the four-inch
screen of the current generation iPhone 5s.

Apple also introduced the iPhone 6, which is also larger, now coming with a
4.7-inch screen. Both devices also have what Apple call "ion-strengthened glass"
screens.

The larger of the two new devices, the 6 Plus, also allows for apps such as
Messages and Mail to be displayed in landscape orientation for the first time.

The firm also confirmed a new processor chip, the A8, which will be used to
power new apps and games, with partnerships with game studios including Disney
and EA also confirmed on stage by Apple's Phil Schiller.

The Cupertino-based technology giant had been expected to announce two new
iPhones, with speculation and alleged leaks appearing online over the last few
weeks.

The new iPhone devices will ship on September 19, with the company's new mobile
operating system, iOS 8, becoming available on iPhone 4s and above from
September 17.

Mr Schiller confirmed that the new iPhone 6 will be priced at $199 (£123) for
the 16GB model, going up to $399 (£248) for the 128GB model. The iPhone 6 Plus
will start at $299 (£185).

Apple has also announced plans to enter the payment market.

"Our vision is to replace the wallet and we're going to start with payments",
said Mr Cook.

He also called magnetic strips on credit cards "outdated and vulnerable" before
introducing Apple's take on the area.

"We love this kind of problem. This is what Apple does best. We've created a new
payment process and it's called Apple Pay," he added.

The new software uses the fingerprint scanner on your phone and native payment
apps to allow users to pay for products by touching their iPhone to payment
outlets.

It uses near-field communication (NFC) technology, used in existing contactless
payments, and the company's own Passbook app to secure your details.

The Find My iPhone app would be used to track and suspend your account if the
device is stolen.

"We are not in the business of collecting your data", said Apple, confirming
that all Apple Pay transactions are not logged by the company.

Major retailers have already signed up to use Apple Pay in their stores,
including Toys R US and Staples.

Online, it is also possible to pay within some apps. For now, the technology is
just been introduced in the US.

Apple has also entered the smartwatch market for the first time, with the Apple
Watch.

"I am so excited and I am so proud to share it with you this morning. It is the
next chapter in Apple's story," said Mr Cook.

"Apple Watch is most personal device we've ever created."

The Apple Watch was described as a comprehensive health and fitness interface,
and the traditional watch crown, which Apple calls the Digital Crown, is used to
control the interface.

Mr Cook compared it to the innovation of the mouse on the Mac, and click wheel
on the iPod. The crown can be used to scroll through lists as well as zoom in on
images and maps.

A huge array of designs and straps were shown on-stage, before the audience rose
to give Mr Cook a standing ovation. "It's incredibly customisable", he said. The
Apple Watch works directly with iPhone, but has its own native version of iOS.

Rivals Samsung launched their first smartwatch last year, and currently have
several on the market. This is Apple's first piece of wearable technology and
also follows on from Google introducing their Glass headset, and Android Wear
smartwatches.

The Apple Watch has a flexible Retina display, and the screen can sense force
used when tapping it. Apple also confirmed that the device will come in two
sizes.There are three collections of the Apple Watch - Apple Watch, Apple Watch
Sport and Apple Watch Edition.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              554 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                     The Chronicle (Toowoomba, Queensland)

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

Camera among best features

BYLINE:  Nick Houghton

SECTION: Pg. 25

LENGTH: 340  words



HIGHLIGHT: Photographer sees iPhone 6 as must-have

Key Features

Larger screen:The screen on the iPhone 6 is 4.7 inches, while the iPhone 6 Plus
has a 5.5-inch display.

Faster Processor:Apple's new A8 chip is said to have 50% faster graphics than
the previous A7 chip.

Improved camera:The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus each have an 8MP camera,
featuring 1.5 micron pixels, an f/2.2 aperture, and a new iSight sensor.

Apple Pay:Integrated Near Field Communication technology will allow the new
iPhone to become a mobile wallet. Use your phone to make contactless purchases
at shops.

LINING up in the early hours was worth it for iPhone fan Ben Walker.

The photographer was one of the first in Toowoomba to get his hands on the
highly anticipated Apple smartphone when it went on sale at 8am yesterday.

Demand for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus was at an all-time high as hundreds
queued at mobile phone retailers across the Garden City.

"I have been an iPhone user for years, and when I heard a new one was being
released, I knew I had to have it," Mr Walker said.

"This will be my fifth iPhone, and it has come to be a vital tool for both my
work and personal life.

"They are really impressive devices, and I can't wait to have a play with all
the new features."

Mr Walker said the bigger screen and better camera were the improvements to the
iPhone 6 that he liked the most.

"As a photographer, it is very impressive to see the sort of great shots you can
now get from your phone," he said.

"I often use my phone to show clients some of my previous work, so having the
bigger and better screen will be really useful."

Telstra Country Wide area general manager Nigel Beaman said the iPhone releases
were always massive events.

"There has been a real buzz around the store. It is like a mini Christmas for
smartphone fans," Mr Beaman said.

"Due to our time zone, Australian customers are the first in the world to get
the new iPhone, which is something special.

"Our Telstra stores in Toowoomba will be opening a little bit earlier and
closing later to give Toowoomba locals a chance to get their new handsets."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TCH


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              555 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                            November 10, 2014 Monday

iPhone 6 frenzy

BYLINE: Edwin Kee

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 636 words


iPhone fans came in droves to Blue Cube at Sunway Pyramid to get their hands on
the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, writes Edwin Kee.

FANTASY is wishful thinking for those wanting to escape from the drudgery called
life. But not for six Celcom users who managed to get the latest iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus smartphones at just RM6.

Max Liew Zi Yi, Sofrizanlee Hardwick, Najmi Mohd Fauzi, Mohd Azlan Adnan, Faizal
Abdullah and Ng Wei Seng picked up the phones during the event launch held at
Celcom's Blue Cube at Sunway Iconic in Sunway Pyramid at the stroke of midnight
last Thursday.

In hindsight, I am sure that one particular scenario will be playing through
their minds over and over again: "If only I had known that my latest iPhone
acquisition would cost a mere RM6, I would have settled for the 128GB model."

I know I would. After all, qui audet adipiscitur (who dares, wins).

When asked, all of them wanted to keep the smartphone for themselves.

Najmi is a first time iPhone user, having made the jump from the Android camp
with his Sony handset because he was influenced by his friend, Mohd Azlan, to do
so. They camped out for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus together.

The first of the six, Liew, camped outside of Blue Cube since 6pm on Nov 4,
while the last, Ng made his way there only at 2pm on Nov 5. For those looking
forward to future iPhone launches, this might give ideas that the first seven in
the queue would be on the receiving end of such benevolence.

RAIN NOT A DAMPER

There were 580 slots available for the midnight launch of Apple's latest
smartphone. The heavy downpour earlier in the evening alongside the notorious
traffic gridlock did not put a damper on the spirits of those in the queue.

Zalman Aefendy Zainal Abidin, chief marketing officer of Celcom Axiata Berhad,
was present at the countdown to the midnight launch. "Customers are becoming
more discerning and are not only looking for the most advanced smartphone but
also an unbeatable network that gives them the fastest connection speed to enjoy
their new devices to the fullest, wherever and whenever they want," he said.

Apart from the six, Celcom also rewarded 30 customers with a RM600 voucher each.
They were randomly picked while lining up during the countdown to the launch.

Echoing the famous marketing line from a charge card company whose membership
has its privileges, Celcom First customers too managed to enjoy the perks of
"first advantages" during the countdown, in which one of them got a dedicated
Celcom promoter to stand in for him/ her in the queue for 15 minutes. It was a
relief when he/she had been standing for hours. As for everyone else, additional
hospitality measures like bench seats, light entertainment (movies and MTV
channels, magazines) and complimentary tea and coffee were made available while
queuing.

They were also treated to fun and interactive activities, including games and
live band and percussion performances as they waited for the countdown to kick
off in a lively and energetic atmosphere.

In the midst of the crowd was rock climber Khairul Hafiz Abu Hassan, who won a
silver medal at the SEA Games 2011 in Palembang, Indonesia, in the Speed
Climbing category. He was in line to pick up an iPhone 6 as well but having
arrived at 8pm, it proved to be an impossible task for him to climb over the
rest of the people in the queue to be the first in line.

Once again, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus launch by Celcom showed that the
universally uniting factor of this smartphone cannot be denied. It does not
matter if you are a student, a fresh graduate who is looking for a job, a
regular office executive or a person who runs your own business - being first
(or the first six in this case) in line to pick up the latest iPhone model
supersedes everything else in life - at least for a day or two.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              556 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Sunday Tribune (South Africa)

                               September 28, 2014
                                   E1 Edition

Watch it! Those tight pants could bend your |new iPhone 6

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 344 words


It's been a tough week for Apple. After launching the iPhone 6, Plus and the
Apple Watch two weeks ago, selling 10 million handsets last week and being
announced as the UK's coolest brand, things were going great. And then things
suddenly went south.

First iOS8 bombed out, with many users complaining about the new operating
system, its many glitches and reports of dropped cellular service, prompting
Apple to pull iOS8. And then images of the iPhone 6 bending after being in
pockets, trended all over the world, so much so that #BendGate blew up all over
the internet, prompting numerous social media gags. There's even a fake campaign
about a new Apple product and other companies, like Kit Kat and competitors, LG,
which have a flex phone, have gleefully poked fun at Apple.

So, what causes the iPhone 6 Plus to bend? The iPhone 6 Plus is made out of
aluminium. Aluminium is a relatively soft metal and is fairly ductile and
flexible so, if enough pressure is applied, it will bend and move.

According to iMore, no part of either of the new iPhones has more than 0.64cm of
aluminium in any spot.

This means that, in areas of the phones that are weakest, it's possible it could
be susceptible to bending. This is noticeable in images, with many of the bends
occurring near the volume buttons and the SIM card slot.

But this is not a first for Apple and its iPhones. The iPhone 4, 5 and 5S were
met with similar complaints.

After days of silence, there might finally be a response from Apple sources
about BendGate. According to The Next Web, an Apple support employee told the
website during a web chat that there's a chance that iPhone 6 Plus phones may be
replaced. "That is 100 percent up to the Genius you speak with at the store.
There is a test called a Visual Mechanical Inspection that the device will have
to pass. If it is within the guidelines, they will be able to cover it. If not,
the replacement would be a paid one."

What a way for Apple's bubble to be burst, so soon after changing the tech
world, barely two weeks ago. - Daily Mail and Buhle Mbonambi

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NT


                Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              557 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Larger Apple iPhones shipments delayed

LENGTH: 190  words

DATELINE: New York


Customers may have to wait three to four weeks to get their hands on Apple Inc`s
iPhone 6 Plus, after a record number of orders for the company`s latest
smartphones strained available supply. The new iPhone 6 goes on sale on Sept. 19
in the United States but the company began taking online orders on Thursday.
While the larger 5.5-inch "Plus" models now display a wait time of up to a
month, the 4.7-inch version remains available for delivery on Sept 19, Apple's
website showed. Verizon Wireless, AT&T and Sprint Corp, also showed shipment
delays of up to six weeks on their respective websites. Apple said the pace of
orders has so far outstripped any of its previous iPhones. "Response to iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus has been incredible, with a record number of pre-orders
overnight. Pre-orders are currently available online or through the Apple Store
App," spokeswoman Trudy Muller said.Apple routinely grapples with iPhone supply
constraints, particularly in years that involve a smartphone re-design. The
latest iPhones come with larger screens and some analysts had anticipated that
production issues may keep a lid on initial runs.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              558 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Apple touts 4 million pre-orders for new iPhones

BYLINE: Julia Love

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 163 words


Apple received more than four million preorders for its new iPhones during the
first 24 hours that they were available, the company announced Monday.

Apple shed some light on advanced sales of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which
are equipped with larger screens. The devices will begin arriving at customers'
doors on Friday, but Apple acknowledged that many will have to wait until
October. The phones will also be available in retail stores starting Friday.

"iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are better in every way, and we are thrilled
customers love them as much as we do," Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a statement.
"We can't wait to get our best iPhones yet into the hands of customers starting
this Friday."

Analysts predicted that customers would rush to get their hands on the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus, which have screens of 4.7 and 5.5 inches, respectively. The
phones also come with better cameras, improved battery life and access to Apple
Pay, a new mobile payments system.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              559 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Today's Zaman (Turkey)

                            January 2, 2016 Saturday

Apple raises iPhone, MacBook prices in Turkey

LENGTH: 232  words


According to the Apple Turkey website, an iPhone 6 with 16 gigabytes of memory
now costs TL 2,499 ($1,043). Its previous price was TL 2,349 ($1,000). The
biggest increase appears to be in the price of the Apple MacBook Pro: The price
for a 13-inch, Retina display MacBook Pro is now TL 3,799 ($1,618), up from TL
3,499 ($1,490).

The new prices have been in effect since Jan. 1.

The Turkish lira hit record lows in mid-December, with its lowest point at 2.41
to the dollar, due to an emerging market sell-off and domestic political
tensions. One US dollar is currently trading at 2.35 against the lira.

The new prices for Apple's products are as follows:

16 GB iPhone 6: TL 2,499 ($1,043) - up from TL 2,349 ($1,000)

64 GB iPhone 6: TL 2,849 ($1,213) - up from TL 2,649 ($1,128)

128 GB iPhone 6: TL 3,199 ($1,362) - up from TL 2,949 ($1,256)

16 GB iPhone 6 Plus: TL 2,849 ($1,213) - up from TL 2,649 ($1,128)

64 GB iPhone 6 Plus: TL 3,199 ($1,362) - up from TL 2,949 ($1,256)

128 GB iPhone 6 Plus: TL 3,499 ($1,490) -up from TL 3,249 ($1,384)

16 GB iPhone 5S: TL 2,049 ($872) - up from TL 1,949 ($830)

13-inch MacBook Pro with Retina display: TL 3,799 ($1,618) - up from TL 3,499
($1,490)

13-inch MacBook Air: TL 2,699 ($1,149) - up from TL 2,499 ($1,043)

16 GB iPod: TL 629 ($268) - up from TL 579 ($246)

iPod shuffle: TL 149 ($63.5) - up from TL 129 ($55)

iPod nano: TL 619 ($263.6) - up from TL 549 ($234)

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Today's Zaman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              560 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Jerusalem Post

                            October 14, 2014 Tuesday

New iPhones to arrive Oct. 23

BYLINE: Jerusalem Post staff; Globes' Tzachi Hoffman and Reuters contributed to
this report.

SECTION: ECONOMICS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 173 words


Apple announced its iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus phones will be available for
purchase in Israel on October 23.

The 16GB regular iPhone will be priced at NIS 3,500, and the iPhone 6 Plus, also
16GB, will go for NIS 4,200.

The phones have been on sale in the UK, Germany, US and Canada and other
countries since September 19.

The iPhones will arrive in 36 additional countries and territories across
Europe, Asia, the Middle East, Latin America and Africa by the end of this
month, Apple said.

The phones will be made available in China, the world's biggest smartphone
market, and India from October 17.

Other countries where the phones will be launched include, Czech Republic,
Greenland, Poland, South Africa, Bahrain and Kuwait, making this the fastest
rollout of iPhones, the company said.

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus feature 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch Retina HD displays.

The new iPhones come with iOS 8, featuring a simpler, faster and more intuitive
user experience with new Messages and Photos features.

The models come in gold, silver or space gray.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              561 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           January 28, 2015 Wednesday

RING UP A RECORD iPhone 6 sales boost Apple profits into orbit

BYLINE: James Covert

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 555 words


The numbers are in and it's official: The iPhone 6 is a monster.

Apple disclosed Tuesday that it sold a mind-blowing 74.5 million iPhones during
its holiday quarter, as shoppers snatched up the sleek new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus
models that boasted faster processors and thinner bodies with bigger screens.

The popularity of the new models goosed the Cupertino, Calif., tech giant's
earnings to $18 billion - by some measures the biggest quarterly profit ever to
be reported by a publicly traded company - as revenue climbed 29 percent to
$74.6 billion.

Apple ended the quarter with a whopping $178 billion in cash on its balance
sheet - a figure that exceeds the market value of any number of corporate
giants,the including Walt Disney, AT&T and Bank of America.

'This volume is hard to comprehend," CEO Tim Cook told analysts on a conference
call.

On average, Wall Street expected that 66.5 million iPhones would be sold.

Doing the math, Cook noted that, for every day of the quarter ended Dec. 27,
Apple sold about 34,000 iPhones per hour.

Cook added that Apple sold its billionth device running on its iOS operating
system during the quarter - a space-gray iPhone 6 Plus, he said.

Indeed, the larger-screened iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models appear to be luring
customers away from archrival Samsung. The trend is striking, as last year many
pundits were convinced that Samsung's big-screened Galaxy smartphones were
poised to relegate the iPhone to second-class status.

"The current iPhone had the highest Android switcher rate in past three years,"
Cook gushed, referring to Google's Android mobile operating system, used by
Samsung and other rivals. "We are bullish on product, very, very bullish."

But demand for the new, larger iPhone models - up 46 percent in the most recent
quarter after several periods of lackluster growth - also appears to be eating
into demand for Apple's own iPad tablets.

Sales of iPads tanked 17 percent to 21.5 million units from the year-earlier
period, with iPad prices also dropping. Some analysts supposed that the
larger-screened iPhone 6 Plus has been sapping away sales of iPad Minis.

Cook insisted that he wasn't concerned about flagging iPad sales, noting that
there was room for growth overseas.

Looking ahead, Cook said the launch of the company's new Apple Watch is on
schedule and that it will hit stores in April. Analysts' predictions about
demand for the watch have varied wildly, with many fretting that it will be too
small, too expensive and too redundant for most consumers who already have
iPhones.

"My expectations are very high," Cook said. "I use it every day and I love it
and I couldn't live without it."

Elsewhere, Cook said the new Apple Pay platform is off to a good start,
accounting for two out of three contactless payments at retail stores, although
the market remains small. Mobile payments at Whole Foods are up 400 percent
since Apple Pay was introduced, he said.

Apple shares, boosted by the boffo sales report, gained 5.8 percent in
after-hours trading to $115.40.

PRIZE CATCH

Apple's Tim Cook has proved himself big time, landing these kinds of numbers
after the longawaited launch of the new iPhone.

Earnings per share

Actual $3.06

Estimate $2.06

IPHONE 6 SALES

Actual 74.5M

Estimate 66.5M

jcovert@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PRIZE CATCH: Apple's Tim Cook has proved himself big time, landing
these kinds of numbers after the longawaited launch of the new iPhone. (Post
photo composite)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              562 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus go on sale in India, eager customers queue up
at midnight

BYLINE: Gwyn DMello

LENGTH: 415  words


It's the moment Apple fans in India have been counting down to for months. At
the stroke of midnight on Friday, October 17, several electronics retail stores
across the country opened their shutters to people eagerly waiting to buy the
iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus.

Many of these stores, including Maple, Vijay Sales, HK Mobiles, and several
others in Mumbai, accepted bookings for Apple's latest smartphones on a Rs 1,000
down payment, and handed out tokens that could be used to allot phones when
stocks came in. After speaking to several store owners, it was apparent that
none of the stores actually had the stock beforehand; they all expected delivery
at about 11:30pm.

Several high-profile celebrities have expectedly booked the iPhone 6 (one of the
dealers showed our reporter a text from Subhash Ghai, asking for him to be
notified when the stock came in. An agent of Shah Rukh Khan was also in on the
waitlist, and a Bank of India official was one of the first to unbox the new
model as well).

At the Maple store in Bandra, after they opened their shutters at midnight,
prospective customers made payments for their phones even while the stock was
still en route.

The 16GB iPhone 6 model is priced at Rs 53,500 (comparable to the current price
of the 128GB iPhone 5s). The 64GB and 128GB models cost Rs 62,500 and Rs 71,500
respectively. The iPhone 6 Plus raises the bar even higher, with the 16GB base
model sitting pretty at Rs 62,500, the 64GB at Rs 71,500, and the 128GB model
demolishing your pocket at a cool Rs 80,500. (To put things in perspective, a
budget trip to Thailand can work out to about Rs 50,000 inclusive of airfare.)

But while the fanfare of the first unboxing was in full swing at Maple, HK
Mobiles just down the road, had already unlocked that achievement a good ten
minutes before. Twenty eight-year-old Abdul Samad from Bandra got his hands on
the 64GB iPhone 6 at approximately 12:03, minutes after the phone stock reached
various Bandra stores. Phone connoisseurs of a kind, Samad and his brother Abdul
Anan have been buying the latest phones in the market for awhile now.

"Having the latest phone is just something we do. But while the iPhone 6 makes
sense to me, I'd rather pick up the Galaxy Note 4 than shell out money for the
iPhone 6 Plus," says Samad.

Phone dealers across Mumbai, meanwhile, are optimistic about sales, pointing out
that, although expensive, the price tags on the new models are nonetheless very
similar to those in the US this time around.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2014 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              563 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                             October 4, 2015 Sunday

Smartphones to be darling of the crowd

BYLINE: Naushad K Cherrayil Staff Reporter

LENGTH: 444 words


Dubai: Smartphones will again be the main growth driver category this year also
along with the new launches and the reduced prices for previous models, followed
by laptops and televisions.

Nadeem Khanzadah, head of omnichannel retail at Jumbo Group, said that
smartphone sales, which used to be around 40 per cent growth rate, are down to
around 20 per cent last month as buyers are waiting for Gitex.

After the official drop in prices of Dh400 for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
after the announcement of iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, retailers said that sales are
doing well.

iPhone 6 is now available for Dh2,199 for the 16GB model, Dh2,599 for the 64GB
model while the iPhone 6 Plus is available for Dh2,599 for the 16GB model and
Dh2,999 for the 64GB model.

According to a report by the Telecommunications Regulatory Authority (TRA) of
the UAE, Apple's iPhone 6 has become the most commonly used smartphone in the
UAE during the second quarter of this year.

The device has 4.9 per cent of total handsets registered on UAE networks.

Smartphones control 67 per cent of handsets registered on the UAE's networks.

Omar Abu Shaban, general manager for Plug Ins, said that smartphones have become
the staple of the show again. Some Chinese brands treat the event as the
stepping stone to showcase their devices.

"There will good uptake of iPhones as retailers will have enough stocks to meet
the demand prior to the new Apple phones launch," he said.

Apple's iPhone 6S and 6S Plus will be launched in the UAE on October 10.
Retailers are expecting to run out of stocks within hours of launch.

Steady starter

Mahesh Chotrani, assistant vice-president of Jacky's Electronics, said that
apart from Apple, Samsung is going aggressive on S6 Edge Plus and Note 5 as they
need to compete with Apple devices.

"Note 5 has always been a steady starter and I have seen during the last three
events the rise in sales for Note 5 comes during the show," he said.

Khanzadah said the demand for Galaxy S6 Edge Plus and Note 5 is growing after
Samsung adjusted the offers and not the prices.

Samsung has reduced its prices for S6 Edge Plus and Note 5 and retailers have
added good bundles to entice buyers.

Neelesh Bhatnagar, CEO of Emax Electronics, said that pricing on the previous
smartphones will be very attractive and customers will go for the stepped down
models in a big way.

Sony Z5, Huawei Mate S and Lenovo Phab Plus are some of the new models apart
from some Chinese brands.

"We are confident of brisk sales for Huawei Mate S and we are doing some
activities with the promoters at the stall," Khanzadah said.

Many other brands have also reduced the prices apart from the value-added bundle
offers.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2015 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              564 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                            October 31, 2016 Monday

POWER OF 7

BYLINE: Izwan Ismail

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 787 words


The new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus step up the smartphone game, writes Izwan Ismail

THE most anticipated smartphones in the market this year, the iPhone 7/7 Plus is
here. While the new phones may look identical to the iPhone 6/6 Plus, they are
actually different in many aspects, especially in the camera and performance
areas.

APPEARANCE

iPhone 7 and 7 Plus come with a 4.7 and a 5.5-inch screen respectively, same as
their predecessors.

The Retina HD display is now up to 25 per cent brighter and comes with the
cinema standard wide colour gamut. As a result, users can see more vibrant
true-to-life colours on the display.

As you may have noticed, the new phones do not have the 35mm audio jack and
antenna line.

When you hold the phones and start to use them, you may also realise that the
home button is no longer clickable. It is now replaced with a haptic button.
Initially, it may feel awkward to press the newly-designed button but you will
soon get used to it.

Users can also personalise the haptic feel of the home button by adjusting it at
the setting menu.

According to Apple, the haptic button is to enable the phones to be
water-and-splash resistant with IPV6 rating.

This is not the only area where the Cuppertino-based company has improved on.

The function buttons on both sides have also been redesigned with water-sealed
construction to make the whole phone water resistant. They also feel more solid
and durable now.

BIG ON CAMERA

The caera aspect is definitely the biggest improvement in the iPhone 7 series.

As rumoured, Apple has incorporated dual camera this time but only in the iPhone
7 Plus. The iPhone 7 still features one lens but both phones' cameras now have
been upgraded to a 12-megapixel sensor. The dual camera on the 7 Plus offers
users optical zoom and better depth of field. For example, if you're on camera
mode, you'll see a small "1x" symbol just above the shutter icon. By pressing
the symbol, the camera will give you 2x optical zoom. You'll also be offered a
further 10x digital zoom capability by swiping your thumb to the left.

LOW LIGHT CAPABILITY

The ability to take good clean shots, especially in low light conditions, is
also possible with a bright f/1.8 aperture compared to the previous f/2.2. This
is definitely a good news to those who love to take pictures and videos in this
condition. Apple has also included an optical image stabilisation and a six
-element lens to make it even better for shooting photos and videos in low
light. Pictures taken in low light conditions prove to be excellent.

Additionally, the use of Quad-LED True Tone flash on the phone create a more
natural look of the skin and with wide colour capture, photos and live photos
come with more detailed colour.

iPhone 7 also features an all-new 7-megapixel FaceTime HD camera for even better
selfies.

ADDITIONAL FEATURE

Another added bonus is the portrait feature, which is now available in Beta
version in iOS10.1 update. This feature enables users to separate the subject
and the background with bokeh, like those captured with a dSLR camera.

Although the camera capability of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus is good, I still feel
that Apple should allow users to control its camera in manual mode, by giving
them the freedom to adjust the settings of the camera, such as the apperture
value. This will allow more creativity.

PERFORMANCE

The use of quad-core A10 Fusion chip is handy when running graphically intensive
applications like games.

The high-performance cores are up to 40 per cent faster than the A9 in iPhone 6s
and up to twice faster than the A8 in iPhone 6.

With all the features, many may think that the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are
power-hungry devices.

However, that's not the case. With a full charge and normal daily usage like
social network access, surfing, taking pictures and video, I still have 50 per
cent battery life when I reach home from work. Basically, the battery can last
24 hours.

SOUND

The iPhone 7 comes with Apple EarPods, with a lightning connector since the 35mm
audio jack has been ditched. As for old headphones, you can still plug them in
using a 3.5 mm headphone jack adapter that comes with iPhone 7.

The iPhone 7 comes with stereo speakers, delivering two times the volume of
iPhone 6s and increased dynamic range.

Apple has also introduced AirPods as the wireless earphones. AirPods give users
the freedom that wireless headphones are meant to deliver.

CONCLUSION

Both phones come in three versions 32GB, 128GB and 256GB, with prices starting
from RM3,199 for iPhone 7 and RM3,799 for the 7 Plus.

There are five colours: Silver, gold, rose gold, black (new) and jet black
(new).

With all the features and new technologies, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are
definitely a good upgrade for Apple diehards.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bots

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              565 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Which new iPhone is right for you?

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 420 words


The iPhone 6 and its more sizable sibling, the iPhone 6 Plus, are now available
for order if you live in one of the 10 initial launch countries. But when are
the newest handsets coming to an Apple Store near you and how do you decide
which of the two devices is right for you?

The latest iPhones will officially go on sale on September 19 in the US, Canada,
Puerto Rico, Japan, Singapore, Hong Kong, Australia, the UK, France and Germany
and reservations can be made from September 12, either via Apple's website or
with network carriers and retailers.

The 6 or the 6 Plus?
Both handsets boast almost identical specifications -- the same processor, a
fingerprint scanner integrated into the home key, a thinner, lightweight design
and, for those living in the US, integrated mobile payments.

The only real difference between the two is screen size. The iPhone 6 has a
4.7-inch screen but at 5.5-inches the display on the iPhone 6 Plus makes it a
phablet. And that means that it's going to be a bit tricky to use with a single
hand or to slip into a pocket.

To help consumers understand this jump in size, a number of tech sites,
including Arstechnica have made templates that you can download, print and cut
out to get some idea of how big this phone really is.

But as well as being bulkier than iPhones of the past, the Plus is going to be
great for watching video, gaming and for a bit of productivity too. Apple has
tweaked the handset's operating system so that the phone works equally well when
held in landscape and portrait modes, making it easy to switch between apps or
view two apps side-by-side, and has added extra commands to the homekey so that
single-handed use is still possible for some things like checking notifications.

The other differences between the two handsets are image stabilization and
battery life. Both phones have the same camera, but the Plus has the mechanics
and software to eliminate camera shake too -- but it is a bigger device and
therefore harder to hold still. The phablet's battery is also bigger and Apple
claims that means it will last for 12 hours when web browsing (10 hours or the
iPhone 6).

When are they coming?
After the initial roll-out on September 19, consumers in Switzerland, Italy, New
Zealand, Sweden, Netherlands, Spain, Denmark, Ireland, Norway, Luxembourg,
Russia, Austria, Turkey, Finland, Taiwan, Belgium and Portugal will be able to
reserve an iPhone from September 26. Apple says that before the end of 2014 the
devices will be on sale in 115 countries around the world.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2014 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              566 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Chennai Online

                          October 17, 2014 6:30 AM EST

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus launched in India

LENGTH: 147  words


Apple launched the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones in India at midnight
on Friday. Customers who'd pre-booked one of the two new iPhone models received
their units, with stores expected to stay open through the night to to
facilitate early birds.

Apple fanbois lined up at retail outlets across the capital on Friday morning to
get their hands on the newly launched Apple smartphones

The midnight sales, which came to India for the first time, attracted good
crowds in some stores. Many buyers had even pre-booked their new iPhone by
paying the full amount in advance on October 7.

The 4.7-inch iPhone 6 is available in India at Rs. 53,500 for the 16GB variant,
Rs. 62,500 for the 64GB variant, and Rs. 71,500 for the 128GB variant. The
5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus has been priced at Rs. 62,500 for the 16GB variant, Rs.
71,500 for the 64GB variant, and Rs. 80,500 for the 128GB variant.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


 Copyright 2014 Chennai Interactive Business Services (P) Ltd., distributed by
                                  Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              567 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        China Daily (Hong Kong Edition)

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

Customs smash cross-border iPhone 6 smuggling racket

BYLINE: Chai Hua in Shenzhen

LENGTH: 691  words


From Sept 19 to 21, Shenzhen Customs apprehended 39 cases involving cross-border
smuggling of new iPhones at the Luohu checkpoint, and imposed duty on 313 iPhone
6 and had 175 of them returned to Hong Kong.

Customs and Excise Department and the police in Hong Kong put on display Apple's
iPhone 6 which were seized in a raid on a ferryboat heading from Hong Kong to
the mainland carrying 138 iPhone 6 on Sunday. Government Information Services

The duty rate on an iPhone 6 is 10 percent of its custom value, says Luohu
customs offical

From Sept 19 to 21, Shenzhen Customs apprehended 39 cases involving cross-border
smuggling of new iPhones at the Luohu checkpoint, and imposed duty on 313 iPhone
6 and had 175 of them returned to Hong Kong.

"A total of 98 cell phones that were believed to be part of smuggling activities
had been sent to inspectors to check out for legal liability," a Luohu customs
official said.

"About 175 iPhone 6 are kept in our office and owners can pick them up when they
go back to Hong Kong," she said.

Mainland residents are allowed to bring personal products worth fewer than 5,000
yuan to the mainland, but cell phones are included in the list of 20
must-pay-duty items, meaning one must pay tax for even one cell phone at any
price.

According to Luohu Customs officials, the duty rate on an iPhone 6 is 10 percent
of its custom value, a rate which fluctuates with time. "The custom value for
iPhone 6 is about 4,000 yuan ($651.4) now, so its duty should be 400 yuan," the
customs official said.

The duty for a 128g iPhone 6 Plus is about 600 yuan, 10 percent of its 6,000
yuan custom value. But compared to its almost 300 percent profit, there is
enough incentive for smugglers to take the risk.

At the large Huaqiang North Electronic Market in Shenzhen, one of the biggest
grey markets for Apple and other electronic products in Guangdong and even the
whole nation, the price for a 16g iPhone 6 Plus on Sept 22 varied from 11,000 to
15,000 yuan, while its price at Apple store is only HK$6,388 (5,061 yuan).

The price of iPhone 6 is a little lower - about 7,050 yuan (HK$8,896) - still
HK$3,300 higher than its official price HK$5588.

So the 400 to 600 yuan duty seems like a piece of cake, compared to a 60 to 300
percent profit.

"The price of iPhone 6 was down by 2,000 yuan compared to three days ago," one
seller said, "so I suggest, if you have one and want to sell it, to do so as
soon as possible, while you can still earn about 3,000 yuan."

"But I can't say the same thing for iPhone 6 Plus," he continued, "Its price
goes up and down every day. After all, there are less iPhone 6 Plus in our
market now."

"We only earn about 150 to 200 yuan on each phone. Those who buy phones from
Hong Kong and bring them to Shenzhen earn the most," he said.

Buyers need to pay 100 yuan in advance to make an order and then can see the
actual smart phone after waiting for about 20 minutes while the sellers get the
product from their warehouse.

The phones have been available in 10 countries and territories - including Hong
Kong - from Sept19, but Apple has not yet stated when the mainland, one of its
largest markets, could officially meet the product.

Hong Kong residents with an ID card can pre-order two iPhone 6 from Sept 16, and
then pick up them on Sept 19 in Apple stores or have them shipped to their Hong
Kong address in October.

Many Hong Kongers decided to seize the opportunity of earning a fortune. Massive
queues were seen outside local Apple stores and most of them were hoping to grab
the opportunities to earn two- to three-fold of the product's official price by
selling them to mainlanders.

Shenzhen customs said, "Passengers can bring one or two duty-paid cell phones
across the border for personal use, but those (who do so) for profit
opportunities are not allowed."

They have found smugglers tie new iPhones to their bodies in order to get across
the Luohu border unnoticed.

Hong Kong customs and marine police on Saturday foiled a smuggling case
involving a speedboat carrying 138 iPhone 6, along with hard disks and RAMs,
from Hong Kong to the Chinese mainland.

grace@chinadailyhk.com

(HK Edition 09/23/2014 page5)

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1495


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              568 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                     (Bits)

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday

Daily Report: New iPhones' Strongest Feature Is iOS 8 Operating System

BYLINE: The New York Times

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 174 words



HIGHLIGHT: The slim new iPhones aren&#8217;t a slam dunk, but they work well, as
users have come to expect from Apple products.


The new Apple iPhones going on sale this week, the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6
Plus, have crisper screens, faster processors and sharper cameras, Molly Wood
reports.

And, as you might have heard, they are also bigger than previous iPhones - the 6
Plus by a long shot - joining the stampede toward bigger handsets.

But after almost a week of trying the phones, it became clear that the hardware
was not the best part of the package. In its quest to deliver bigger phones to a
market clamoring for them, Apple has made one phone that is actually a little
too small and one that's a little too big. (Apple lent The New York Times an
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus under the condition that a review would be not be
published before Tuesday at 9 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time.)

The best part of the new phones is actually the new software inside, which is
available for some older models, too, starting on Wednesday. The software, iOS
8, combines some of the advanced features of Android with Apple's ease of use
and reliability. Read more »

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2014 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              569 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Apple sees record demand for new iPhones

LENGTH: 328  words


Apple on Monday said it had received record pre-orders for its new iPhone
models, and that some customers will have to wait for the larger-screen versions
of the smartphones.

Demand for the new iPhones exceeds the initial pre-order supply and while a
significant amount will be delivered to customers beginning on Friday and
throughout September, many iPhone pre-orders are scheduled to be delivered in
October," Apple said in a statement.

Apple last week unveiled the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, in a move aimed at
satisfying consumer preference for bigger smartphone displays.

The announcement means Apple may see shortages and long lines at its retail
stores when sales begin on Friday.

Pre-orders for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus set a new record for Apple, and we
can't wait to get our best iPhones yet into the hands of customers starting this
Friday," Apple chief executive Tim Cook said in the statement.

Sales are set to open at 8am local time in the US, Australia, Canada, France,
Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and Britain. Some 20 more
countries will get the iPhone September 26.

Some of the new iPhones will also be available from carriers and other
retailers.

Apple last Tuesday unveiled its first smartwatch and two large-screen versions
of the iPhone, in a move to recapture its role as a trend-setter.

Apple added in a new mobile wallet that will allow consumers to simply tap their
phones to pay retailers.

New iPhone 6 models boost screen sizes in what some see as the company catching
up to a phablet" trend combining features of smartphones and tablets.

The frenzy at Apple's website on Friday indicated that in the eyes of myriad
iPhone lovers, bigger is indeed better.

Apple's main rival Samsung has long had a range of larger handsets and has tried
to market a smartwatch of its own.

The iPhone 6 will have a screen of 4.7 inches and the 6-Plus will be 5.5 inches,
allowing Apple to adapt to consumers' apparent preference for bigger displays.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              570 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            January 16, 2015 Friday
                                 Delhi Edition

Vodafone Unveils iPhone Plans

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 505 words


Apple has stepped up its India play, tying up with Vodafone to offer its range
of devices, including the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, on monthly installments over two
years, while the country's No. 2 telco looks to tie in subscribers for premium
data services.

Vodafone has introduced tariff plans based on installments starting at Rs 2,099
a month, for which a consumer can buy Apple's iPhone 4s along with bundled talk
time, SMSes and 3G data. An iPhone 5c can be bought for Rs 2,499 a month and the
iPhone 5s at Rs 2,999 per month, while those wanting to buy the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus will have to pay Rs 3,599 a month for two years.

"Our all-inclusive and fully-loaded data plans will allow customers to have a
hassle-free experience with no upfront costs and additional savings on monthly
plans," Marten Pieters, MD & CEO of Vodafone India, said in a statement
Thursday. "We see data as a strong growth driver in the years to come and
believe these kind of innovative offers add to our efforts in the growth of this
segment."

Customers buying a 16 GB iPhone 6 costing `. 53,500 on an EMI of Rs 3,599 over
two years will end up paying a total of ` . 86,376 for the device and the
bundled plan.

"Just EMIs won't help," said Tarun Pathak, a senior analyst at Hong Kong-based

Counterpoint Technologies. "Apple will have to increase promotional activities
ike buybacks to make this offer work."

Sector trackers add that in the past two hree months, Apple is penetrating
deeper into the Indian market as the company s aware of the next wave of
customers coming from tier 2-3 cities, where people see Apple as an aspirational
brand and EMIs will be an attractive proposition.

"The next three quarters are low in Apple's seasonal cycle. As the momentum of
Phone 6 and 6 Plus has already passed, he situation adds more impetus to
introducing such plans," Pathak added.

The offer is still compelling, according to Sanchit Vir Gogia, founder CEO at
Greyhound Research. "From a normal customer point of view, the total cost turns
out to be far less when the phone usage is considered," he said, adding that a
normal EMI without the voice and data plan comes out

. 2,000. "With usage added, the to be at least ` offer becomes pretty
attractive."

Vodafone will offer two calling and data plans -iPhone 6K and iPhone 10K -which
will come bundled with the devices that will be sold through its own stores and
large format retail outlets. A 16GB iPhone 6 under the iPhone 6K plan includes
6,000 local and STD minutes, 1,500 SMSes and 6GB of 3G data at a tax-included
EMI of ` . 3599 for 24 months. Adding . 400 to the EMI can get a buyer the
iPhone ` 10K plan, which has 10,000 free STD and local minutes, 2,500 SMSes and
10 GB of 3G data. Zero down payment is valid only on the iPhone 6 16 GB variant.
Down payments will be applicable when purchasing other models and range from ` .
4,990 (for 8 GB or 16 GB variants of 4S, 5c and 5s models) to ` . 23,490 (128 GB
iPhone 6 Plus).EMIs are also available on 12-month plans, on which the costs
will be higher.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              571 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Chennai Online

                         September 10, 2014 6:30 AM EST

Apple unveils bigger iPhones, Apple Watch & Apple Pay

LENGTH: 436  words


Apple Tuesday unveiled a new Apple Watch, touting it as a comprehensive health
and fitness device, a mobile wallet called Apple Pay and two bigger screen
versions of the iPhone, the 6 and the 6 Plus.

"What we didn't do was take the iPhone and shrink the user interface and strap
it on your wrist," said Chief Executive Tim Cook dressed in a purple, untucked
shirt at Apple's splashy launch event at Flint Centre in Cupertino, California.

"It's the most personal device we've ever created," he said of the new watch
with a traditional square watch face, calling it "a comprehensive health and
fitness device".

The Apple Watch pairs with the new iPhones to display notifications. It features
a magnetic charger, health and fitness apps and a crown that controls zoom and
scrolling with a twist. It also tells time.

Apple said it will sell three versions of the Apple Watch, including a sports
model and an 18 carat gold model called the "Apple Watch Edition".

The Apple Watch also comes in two sizes, one slightly smaller than the other.

Announcing its version of the mobile wallet Cook said: "We've created an
entirely new payment process, and we call it Apple Pay."

Apple Senior Vice President Eddy Cue described the basics of the payment method,
calling it "fast, secure and private". American Express, MasterCard and Visa are
on board, he noted.

"Today, we are launching the biggest advancement in the history of iPhone," Cook
said as executives unveiled the iPhone 6 in two versions. "They are without a
doubt the best iPhones we've ever done."

The iPhones have curved edges and bigger screens that measure 4.7 inches and 5.5
inches, up from just four inches on the iPhone 5S. The smaller one is 6.9 mm
thick and the 5.5-inch version is 7.1 mm thick.

Senior Vice President Phil Schiller said the battery would be equal to or better
than the iPhone 5s.

The larger iPhones have what Apple is calling "Retina HD" displays.

The iPhone 6 comes with more than 1 million pixels -- a third more pixels than
the iPhone 5S. The iPhone 6 Plus has 2 million pixels, double the iPhone 5S'
screen.

Both iPhones feature an 8 megapixel camera with a new sensor that Apple claims
will help the camera focus faster.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus feature Apple's new A8 processor, which is 25
percent faster than the iPhone 5S.

The M8 co-processor will allow fitness apps to tell the difference between
walking and biking and even measure your relative elevation.

Apple said iOS 8 will be available Sep 17 to customers who have an iPhone 4S,
iPhone 5, iPhone 5C or iPhone 5S. Both iPhones will be available Sep 19 in the
US and eight other countries.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


 Copyright 2014 Chennai Interactive Business Services (P) Ltd., distributed by
                                  Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              572 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              China Business News

                      July 20, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Tap & Go will Bring Apple Pay to Customers

LENGTH: 281  words


July 20 -- Tap & Go, a mobile payment service operated by HKT Payment Limited, a
wholly-owned subsidiary of HKT, will bring its customers Apple Pay, which
transforms mobile payments with an easy, secure and private way to pay that's
fast and convenient.

Security and privacy is at the core of Apple Pay. When you use a credit or debit
card with Apple Pay, the actual card numbers are not stored on the device, nor
on Apple servers. Instead, a unique Device Account Number is assigned, encrypted
and securely stored in the Secure Element on your device. Each transaction is
authorized with a one-time unique dynamic security code.

Mr. Alex Arena, Group Managing Director of HKT, said, "As a genuine mobile
payment service provider in the market, we will enable our customers to enjoy
Apple Pay which is a more convenient and secure way to pay. Through Apple Pay,
Tap & Go customers will soon be able to make purchases in stores at MasterCard
contactless acceptance points or online within apps."

Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will continue to receive all of the
rewards and benefits offered by credit and debit cards. In participating stores,
Apple Pay works with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone
SE and Apple Watch.

Online shopping in apps accepting Apple Pay is simple, without needing to
repeatedly fill out lengthy account forms or type in shipping and billing
information. When paying for goods and services within apps, Apple Pay is
compatible with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone SE,
iPad Air 2, iPad mini 3, iPad mini 4 and iPad Pro.

For more information on Apple Pay, visit: http://www.apple.com/hk/en/apple-pay/.

Source: PCCW

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              573 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                    September 11, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus start selling on eBay at more than 1 INR lakh

LENGTH: 160  words


One day ahead of the official launch of the Apple Iphone 6, iPhone Plus, we
spotted one seller on eBay online retail store selling two upcoming handsets at
INR 1,47,000. Now multiple sellers have propped up on eBay selling the handset
at a premium price.

[Authentication of the sellers cannot be verified. We advise readers to wait for
Apple Inc. to launch the handsets in India before hitting the purchase button.
The new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will officially launch in India on the 17th
October and is expected to come for sale after that.]

The handsets come via multiple sellers who are offering the handset at anywhere
above INR 80,000, going up to INR 1,12,000 in the store.

iPhone 6 is going to come up for order in US tomorrow after which next month it
will come to India. The handset this time if expected to be priced at a lower
price point (with contract). We will soon bring you expected prices of the
handset in India. Stay Tuned to DailyBhaskar.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              574 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                      October 31, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Apple prepping up for 'Black Friday' Sale Day, iPhone 6 from Indian lands
diverted to China

LENGTH: 239  words


Apple's latest 4.7 inch Iphone 6 is going out of stock in India, but this time
it is not the huge demand which the reason of this. It is Apple who is to be
blamed for this because it is diverting reportedly diverting supplies of the
phone to select markets like China.

Chinese market will celebrate Black Friday on the 28th November, which is a one
day shopping festival on Gadgets when companies introduce great discounts on
products). To prep up stocks for the day several large retailers and Apple
exclusive stores have stopped booking of Iphone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, reports the
EconomicTimes.

According to the report head of a big electronics retail chain have informed
that Apple's distributors have failed to make a commitment on the supplies of
the handset which is why they have stopped booking to "avoid any confrontation
with customer."

The news report further says that the supply has become erratic in last two
weeks with only an estimated 15,000 units coming in phases.  Note that Apple
iPhone 6 launched in Indian on the 17th October and the stock of 55,000 units
went out of stock on three days.


This week Reliance Communications has listed Zero Down Payment Plans for  iPhone
6 and iPhone 6 Plus on its website for India. Under the Zero Plan contract, a
user can own an iPhone 6 with an Rs. 3,099 monthly rental for each month for two
years, or can buy the iPhone 6 Plus on a two-year contract with an Rs. 3,599
monthly plan.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              575 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                            December 7, 2014 Sunday
                                   WELL-BEING

Three bike mounts for the iPhone 6

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 296 words


As fitness tracking fever continues, smartphone bike mounts are becoming more in
demand, in the interest of accessing features such as GPS maps, ride statistics
and cardiovascular stats from wearable trackers. If you like the idea of the
iPhone 6 for its large screen but aren't sure if you'll find a compatible bike
mount, look no further.

What's new

Urban cycling gear guru BioLogic this week released its anticipated Bike Mount
Plus for iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, which offers 360-degree rotation so that you can
choose between using your phone in portrait or landscape mode. Like the others
in the company's smartphone case selection, it's shockproof and waterproof,
offering protection from impact, rain, sweat, mud and dirt without blocking
access to phone features.
MSRP $39.95 and [#x20ac]39.95; available from retailers worldwide.

Grows (or shrinks) with your iPhone

Australia-based Proper offers a case for the iPhone 6 or 6 Plus, as well as
models of yesteryear, that all attach to the same mount for your bike, and it
also offers a mount for your car, facilitating GPS navigation. You can choose
your priorities, for they offer both a Light and Strong case and are available
in black and grey for 20 AUS ($16.80) to 35 AUS ($29.55).
The M Lock bike mount costs 59.95 AUS ($50.60) and you don't need to update it
for the next iPhone model to come, for all of Proper's iPhone cases can be
mounted on it.

Everything included

To score a case and compatible bike mount in one purchase, try the Quad Lock
mounting system, whose mount for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus was announced in August
and claims to be ultra-light and ultra-strong. It comes with a rain poncho and
the case itself detaches for use as a protective cover when you're not cycling.
All the hardware is included. 69.95 AUS ($59).

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2014 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              576 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           October 16, 2014 Thursday

Samsung Galaxy Note 4 to take on Apple iPhone 6 Plus this Diwali

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 547 words


NEW DELHI: Two iconic handset companies are set for a titanic clash on October
17, looking to cash in on festive demand ahead of Diwali. Samsung on Tuesday
unveiled its latest flagship Galaxy Note 4 device, which will go on sale from
Friday , when Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will also become available.

The Note 4 \xAD launched globally about a month ago is positioned to take on the
Apple iPhone 6 Plus on pricing, even as the Korean major's dominance of both the
overall phone market and the fast-growing smartphone segment faces a growing
threat from Indian handset makers.

The 5.7-inch screen Note 4 is priced at Rs 58,300, lower than the 16 GB variant
of the 5.5-inch screen iPhone 6 Plus, which is available at Rs 62,500 for
pre-order. The 16 GB variant of the iPhone 6 costs Rs 53,500 for pre-order.
"We're launching it at the briskest pace that we could get it to India, which
happens to be on October 17, which also brings in Diwali," said Asim Warsi, vice
president for mobile & IT at Samsung India, when asked if Samsung had
strategically decided to steal Apple's thunder in India in this premium segment.

"The Indian consumer is a very rational consumer. He will be a thrifty buyer
even if he has money, and will judge, compare and make a reasonably informed
decision," Warsi added.

Samsung will come out with 'affordability aids' such as EMI offerings, debit
card-based offers and non-banking finance options for consumers.

Analysts feel lack of innovation has been the Achilles' heel for Samsung in
recent times, which led to limited sales of its flagship Galaxy S5 smartphone,
although the company reiterates it met its internal expectations. The chaebol
expects an almost 60% decline in operating profit to $3.8 billion in the third
quarter of 2014, its fourth straight quarterly drop.

Samsung, though, is pegging the Note 4 as a huge technological advancement over
models launched in the past three years in the large-screen smartphone category.
It is also banking on loyalty and is expecting a majority of the over 1 million
Note users in India to upgrade, Warsi said.

The mobile phone maker has a 29% share of the smartphone market in India,
followed by Micromax with 18%. Samsung has 17% of the overall handset space in
India, while Micromax comes close with 14%, according to market research firm
Interna tional Data Corporation.

Samsung is looking forward to the October-December quarter, during which sales
of electronic and consumer products rise due to the festive season, gifting and
discounts. Warsi said Samsung is expected to clock sales exceeding the industry
growth of 2025% in this quarter because of devices launched in the entrylevel,
mid-range and high-end segments over the past few months. The company introduced
the Galaxy Alpha for Rs 39,990 last week.

About the war between online and offline retailers in India, especially in the
mobile phone space where websites offer bigger discounts than traditional
stores, Warsi said Samsung will sell from all platforms wherever consumers are
present.

"We've had engagements with online platforms since their inception, which will
continue.There is a visible growth in consumers shopping online, so we will be
available there. But we're not choosing channels," he said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              577 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Globes [online] - Israel's Business Arena

                            October 14, 2014 Tuesday

Samsung Note 4 Israel launch date: October 27;
The Galaxy Note 4 will compete directly with Apple's iPhone 6 plus.

BYLINE: Tzahi Hoffman

LENGTH: 227 words


Samsung's new flagship product, the Galaxy Note 4 smartphone, will be launched
in Israel on October 27 at a price of NIS 3,800, the same price as the Galaxy
Note 3, launched in Israel exactly one year ago. Samsung is sticking to its
original launch date, instead of advancing it as in several other countries,
following the iPhone 6 launch. The new iPhone models will reach Israel on
October 23, with the iPhone 6 Plus, which will compete directly with Samsung,
expected to present a serious challenge to the new Samsung model in tis
category. The new iPhone is a phablet (a combination of smartphone and tablet),
just like the Note 4. While the Note 4 has a 5.7-inch screen with a touch pen,
the iPhone 6 Plus has a 5.5-inch screen. The iPhone 6 Plus is expected to cost
NIS 4,400, NIS 600 more than the Galaxy Note 4.

Samsung launched the Note category in 2011, and has launched a new model in the
series every September since. The Galaxy Note 4 has a metal frame and a
glass-covered screen that gives a concave impression. The company claims that
the glass on its current model has better protection. The screen has a
resolution of 2560 x 1440 pixels using Super AMOLED technology that provides
more living color.

Published by Globes [online], Israel business news - www.globes-online.com - on
October 14, 2014

© Copyright of Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd. 2014

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2014 Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              578 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            China Daily - US Edition

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

IPhone 6 sets records, but problems quickly emerge

LENGTH: 927  words


Glitches in iOS 8.0.1 operating system bring frustrations to consumers, reports
Bloomberg.

Glitches in iOS 8.0.1 operating system bring frustrations to consumers, reports
Bloomberg.

Apple Inc Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook called the introduction of the iPhone
6 and 6 Plus over the weekend the "best launch ever." He may have spoken too
soon.

Just three days after announcing that Apple had sold a record 10 million new
iPhones over the opening weekend, Cook was faced with multiple snafus related to
the bigger-screen handsets. The company pulled a new mobile-software update,
dubbed iOS 8.0.1, after the program caused some people to lose cellular service.
It promised a fix soon.

Scores of consumers also took to social media to criticize the 6 Plus and how it
can bend under sufficient pressure.

The stumbles blemished what had been a carefully choreographed product unveiling
that was meant to put Cook's stamp on Apple. Executives at the California-based
company had for months teased the introduction of the new iPhones before finally
debuting them on Sept 9.

The devices had spurred a frenzy of demand, with pre-orders topping 4 million,
plus the record weekend sales and a thriving gray market for the smartphones in
China and elsewhere.

Now, Cook's rollout of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus is marred, recalling incidents
that the CEO has faced with other product debuts. Last year, Cook apologized for
the iPhone's warranty and repair policies in China after receiving criticism
from the media over customer service in the market. In 2012, Cook also said he
was sorry for Apple's malfunctioning mapping software, which was faulted for
misguided directions and inaccurate landmark locations.

"I just wish that Tim Cook had a better handle on things," said Jason Nochimson,
34, an iPhone 6 owner who spent more than two hours on Apple's customer support
line after downloading the software upgrade on Wednesday and finding it stopped
his cellular service. "I was worried that my daughter's school was going to call
me and I wasn't going to be able to get them."

Apple said in an e-mailed statement that it has devised a workaround for iPhone
6 users who lost voice service or other features. Users can reinstall the
previous version of iOS to restore past functionality and Apple plans to release
a new version of the operating system, iOS 8.0.2, in the next few days.

"We apologize for the great inconvenience experienced by users," Apple said in
the statement.

The new iPhones are crucial to Apple. The devices generate more than half of the
company's annual $171 billion in revenue and precede a swath of other products,
including new iPads, an Apple Watch and a mobile-payments system called Apple
Pay.

Yet while Cook deals with consumer criticism over his handling of the iPhone
rollout, the issues may have little impact on Apple's sales. Demand for the new
handsets has the company poised to sell more than 61 million iPhones in the
December quarter, surpassing last year's record 51 million sold, according to
Barclays.

Sales are also set to pick up - not decelerate - as the new iPhones become
available in more countries. On Sept 19, the first day the handsets went on sale
in stores, Apple rolled them out in 10 countries. The company is set to
introduce the gadgets in another 22 countries on Friday. In total, the iPhones
will be in 115 countries by the end of the year, Apple has said.

"It will do nothing, I don't suspect it will dampen any demand," said Tim
Bajarin, an analyst at Creative Strategies Inc, about concerns over bending
phones and iOS problems.

Apple shares are up 27 percent this year.

Still, some consumers are thinking twice about buying the devices in the wake of
Wednesday's snafus. After having problems with Apple's new software upgrade to
his old iPhone, James Zahrt, a customer since 1989, decided to put off a new
smartphone purchase.

"I was going to order one immediately but now I'm going to wait," said Zahrt,
58, of Mt Prospect, Illinois, who has had troubles with his iPhone 4s' alarm
clock working properly since downloading Apple's iOS 8 software last week. "I
think the bugs need to be worked out on this thing."

The popular tide turned against the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus earlier this week
when reports began emerging that the 5.5-inch screen larger model was bending
when people sat on it. Rivals including BlackBerry Inc Chief Executive Officer
John Chen took a jab at the iPhone on Wednesday, saying he "would challenge you
guys to bend our Passport" device.

That was followed by reports from users on Wednesday that the iOS 8 software
upgrade, which had been issued to address previous software bugs and add the
health and fitness-monitoring application HealthKit, was causing some customers
to experience dropped cell service.

Frustrations about iOS 8 had been mounting even before Wednesday, with user
complaints that their devices' battery life seemed to have dwindled after
downloading the software, along with data showing applications were more likely
to crash with the operating system. According to Crittercism Inc, an analytics
firm, iOS 8 causes apps to crash about 3.3 percent of the time, or 67 percent
more than last year's version.

While glitches are not unusual for software updates, Apple attracts more
attention, said Frank Gillett, an analyst at Forrester Research.

"Apple is a bit of lightning rod or a focus because as a company, they inspire a
lot of positive and negative passion and also because they are now this company
with a global brand and global reach," he said.

(China Daily USA 09/26/2014 page17)

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1496


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              579 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

IPhone 6 sets records, but problems quickly emerge

BYLINE: Bloomberg

LENGTH: 926  words


Glitches in iOS 8.0.1 operating system bring frustrations to consumers, reports
Bloomberg.

Glitches in iOS 8.0.1 operating system bring frustrations to consumers, reports
Bloomberg.

Apple Inc Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook called the introduction of the iPhone
6 and 6 Plus over the weekend the "best launch ever." He may have spoken too
soon.

Just three days after announcing that Apple had sold a record 10 million new
iPhones over the opening weekend, Cook was faced with multiple snafus related to
the bigger-screen handsets. The company pulled a new mobile-software update,
dubbed iOS 8.0.1, after the program caused some people to lose cellular service.
It promised a fix soon.

Scores of consumers also took to social media to criticize the 6 Plus and how it
can bend under sufficient pressure.

The stumbles blemished what had been a carefully choreographed product unveiling
that was meant to put Cook's stamp on Apple. Executives at the California-based
company had for months teased the introduction of the new iPhones before finally
debuting them on Sept 9.

The devices had spurred a frenzy of demand, with pre-orders topping 4 million,
plus the record weekend sales and a thriving gray market for the smartphones in
China and elsewhere.

Now, Cook's rollout of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus is marred, recalling incidents
that the CEO has faced with other product debuts. Last year, Cook apologized for
the iPhone's warranty and repair policies in China after receiving criticism
from the media over customer service in the market. In 2012, Cook also said he
was sorry for Apple's malfunctioning mapping software, which was faulted for
misguided directions and inaccurate landmark locations.

"I just wish that Tim Cook had a better handle on things," said Jason Nochimson,
34, an iPhone 6 owner who spent more than two hours on Apple's customer support
line after downloading the software upgrade on Wednesday and finding it stopped
his cellular service. "I was worried that my daughter's school was going to call
me and I wasn't going to be able to get them."

Apple said in an e-mailed statement that it has devised a workaround for iPhone
6 users who lost voice service or other features. Users can reinstall the
previous version of iOS to restore past functionality and Apple plans to release
a new version of the operating system, iOS 8.0.2, in the next few days.

"We apologize for the great inconvenience experienced by users," Apple said in
the statement.

The new iPhones are crucial to Apple. The devices generate more than half of the
company's annual $171 billion in revenue and precede a swath of other products,
including new iPads, an Apple Watch and a mobile-payments system called Apple
Pay.

Yet while Cook deals with consumer criticism over his handling of the iPhone
rollout, the issues may have little impact on Apple's sales. Demand for the new
handsets has the company poised to sell more than 61 million iPhones in the
December quarter, surpassing last year's record 51 million sold, according to
Barclays.

Sales are also set to pick up - not decelerate - as the new iPhones become
available in more countries. On Sept 19, the first day the handsets went on sale
in stores, Apple rolled them out in 10 countries. The company is set to
introduce the gadgets in another 22 countries on Friday. In total, the iPhones
will be in 115 countries by the end of the year, Apple has said.

"It will do nothing, I don't suspect it will dampen any demand," said Tim
Bajarin, an analyst at Creative Strategies Inc, about concerns over bending
phones and iOS problems.

Apple shares are up 27 percent this year.

Still, some consumers are thinking twice about buying the devices in the wake of
Wednesday's snafus. After having problems with Apple's new software upgrade to
his old iPhone, James Zahrt, a customer since 1989, decided to put off a new
smartphone purchase.

"I was going to order one immediately but now I'm going to wait," said Zahrt,
58, of Mt Prospect, Illinois, who has had troubles with his iPhone 4s' alarm
clock working properly since downloading Apple's iOS 8 software last week. "I
think the bugs need to be worked out on this thing."

The popular tide turned against the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus earlier this week
when reports began emerging that the 5.5-inch screen larger model was bending
when people sat on it. Rivals including BlackBerry Inc Chief Executive Officer
John Chen took a jab at the iPhone on Wednesday, saying he "would challenge you
guys to bend our Passport" device.

That was followed by reports from users on Wednesday that the iOS 8 software
upgrade, which had been issued to address previous software bugs and add the
health and fitness-monitoring application HealthKit, was causing some customers
to experience dropped cell service.

Frustrations about iOS 8 had been mounting even before Wednesday, with user
complaints that their devices' battery life seemed to have dwindled after
downloading the software, along with data showing applications were more likely
to crash with the operating system. According to Crittercism Inc, an analytics
firm, iOS 8 causes apps to crash about 3.3 percent of the time, or 67 percent
more than last year's version.

While glitches are not unusual for software updates, Apple attracts more
attention, said Frank Gillett, an analyst at Forrester Research.

"Apple is a bit of lightning rod or a focus because as a company, they inspire a
lot of positive and negative passion and also because they are now this company
with a global brand and global reach," he said.

(China Daily 09/26/2014 page13)

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              580 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

IPhone 6 sets records, but problems quickly emerge

BYLINE: Bloomberg

LENGTH: 926  words


Glitches in iOS 8.0.1 operating system bring frustrations to consumers, reports
Bloomberg.

Glitches in iOS 8.0.1 operating system bring frustrations to consumers, reports
Bloomberg.

Apple Inc Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook called the introduction of the iPhone
6 and 6 Plus over the weekend the "best launch ever." He may have spoken too
soon.

Just three days after announcing that Apple had sold a record 10 million new
iPhones over the opening weekend, Cook was faced with multiple snafus related to
the bigger-screen handsets. The company pulled a new mobile-software update,
dubbed iOS 8.0.1, after the program caused some people to lose cellular service.
It promised a fix soon.

Scores of consumers also took to social media to criticize the 6 Plus and how it
can bend under sufficient pressure.

The stumbles blemished what had been a carefully choreographed product unveiling
that was meant to put Cook's stamp on Apple. Executives at the California-based
company had for months teased the introduction of the new iPhones before finally
debuting them on Sept 9.

The devices had spurred a frenzy of demand, with pre-orders topping 4 million,
plus the record weekend sales and a thriving gray market for the smartphones in
China and elsewhere.

Now, Cook's rollout of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus is marred, recalling incidents
that the CEO has faced with other product debuts. Last year, Cook apologized for
the iPhone's warranty and repair policies in China after receiving criticism
from the media over customer service in the market. In 2012, Cook also said he
was sorry for Apple's malfunctioning mapping software, which was faulted for
misguided directions and inaccurate landmark locations.

"I just wish that Tim Cook had a better handle on things," said Jason Nochimson,
34, an iPhone 6 owner who spent more than two hours on Apple's customer support
line after downloading the software upgrade on Wednesday and finding it stopped
his cellular service. "I was worried that my daughter's school was going to call
me and I wasn't going to be able to get them."

Apple said in an e-mailed statement that it has devised a workaround for iPhone
6 users who lost voice service or other features. Users can reinstall the
previous version of iOS to restore past functionality and Apple plans to release
a new version of the operating system, iOS 8.0.2, in the next few days.

"We apologize for the great inconvenience experienced by users," Apple said in
the statement.

The new iPhones are crucial to Apple. The devices generate more than half of the
company's annual $171 billion in revenue and precede a swath of other products,
including new iPads, an Apple Watch and a mobile-payments system called Apple
Pay.

Yet while Cook deals with consumer criticism over his handling of the iPhone
rollout, the issues may have little impact on Apple's sales. Demand for the new
handsets has the company poised to sell more than 61 million iPhones in the
December quarter, surpassing last year's record 51 million sold, according to
Barclays.

Sales are also set to pick up - not decelerate - as the new iPhones become
available in more countries. On Sept 19, the first day the handsets went on sale
in stores, Apple rolled them out in 10 countries. The company is set to
introduce the gadgets in another 22 countries on Friday. In total, the iPhones
will be in 115 countries by the end of the year, Apple has said.

"It will do nothing, I don't suspect it will dampen any demand," said Tim
Bajarin, an analyst at Creative Strategies Inc, about concerns over bending
phones and iOS problems.

Apple shares are up 27 percent this year.

Still, some consumers are thinking twice about buying the devices in the wake of
Wednesday's snafus. After having problems with Apple's new software upgrade to
his old iPhone, James Zahrt, a customer since 1989, decided to put off a new
smartphone purchase.

"I was going to order one immediately but now I'm going to wait," said Zahrt,
58, of Mt Prospect, Illinois, who has had troubles with his iPhone 4s' alarm
clock working properly since downloading Apple's iOS 8 software last week. "I
think the bugs need to be worked out on this thing."

The popular tide turned against the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus earlier this week
when reports began emerging that the 5.5-inch screen larger model was bending
when people sat on it. Rivals including BlackBerry Inc Chief Executive Officer
John Chen took a jab at the iPhone on Wednesday, saying he "would challenge you
guys to bend our Passport" device.

That was followed by reports from users on Wednesday that the iOS 8 software
upgrade, which had been issued to address previous software bugs and add the
health and fitness-monitoring application HealthKit, was causing some customers
to experience dropped cell service.

Frustrations about iOS 8 had been mounting even before Wednesday, with user
complaints that their devices' battery life seemed to have dwindled after
downloading the software, along with data showing applications were more likely
to crash with the operating system. According to Crittercism Inc, an analytics
firm, iOS 8 causes apps to crash about 3.3 percent of the time, or 67 percent
more than last year's version.

While glitches are not unusual for software updates, Apple attracts more
attention, said Frank Gillett, an analyst at Forrester Research.

"Apple is a bit of lightning rod or a focus because as a company, they inspire a
lot of positive and negative passion and also because they are now this company
with a global brand and global reach," he said.

(China Daily 09/26/2014 page13)

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              581 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

IPhone 6 sets records, but problems quickly emerge

BYLINE: Bloomberg

LENGTH: 926  words


Glitches in iOS 8.0.1 operating system bring frustrations to consumers, reports
Bloomberg.

Glitches in iOS 8.0.1 operating system bring frustrations to consumers, reports
Bloomberg.

Apple Inc Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook called the introduction of the iPhone
6 and 6 Plus over the weekend the "best launch ever." He may have spoken too
soon.

Just three days after announcing that Apple had sold a record 10 million new
iPhones over the opening weekend, Cook was faced with multiple snafus related to
the bigger-screen handsets. The company pulled a new mobile-software update,
dubbed iOS 8.0.1, after the program caused some people to lose cellular service.
It promised a fix soon.

Scores of consumers also took to social media to criticize the 6 Plus and how it
can bend under sufficient pressure.

The stumbles blemished what had been a carefully choreographed product unveiling
that was meant to put Cook's stamp on Apple. Executives at the California-based
company had for months teased the introduction of the new iPhones before finally
debuting them on Sept 9.

The devices had spurred a frenzy of demand, with pre-orders topping 4 million,
plus the record weekend sales and a thriving gray market for the smartphones in
China and elsewhere.

Now, Cook's rollout of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus is marred, recalling incidents
that the CEO has faced with other product debuts. Last year, Cook apologized for
the iPhone's warranty and repair policies in China after receiving criticism
from the media over customer service in the market. In 2012, Cook also said he
was sorry for Apple's malfunctioning mapping software, which was faulted for
misguided directions and inaccurate landmark locations.

"I just wish that Tim Cook had a better handle on things," said Jason Nochimson,
34, an iPhone 6 owner who spent more than two hours on Apple's customer support
line after downloading the software upgrade on Wednesday and finding it stopped
his cellular service. "I was worried that my daughter's school was going to call
me and I wasn't going to be able to get them."

Apple said in an e-mailed statement that it has devised a workaround for iPhone
6 users who lost voice service or other features. Users can reinstall the
previous version of iOS to restore past functionality and Apple plans to release
a new version of the operating system, iOS 8.0.2, in the next few days.

"We apologize for the great inconvenience experienced by users," Apple said in
the statement.

The new iPhones are crucial to Apple. The devices generate more than half of the
company's annual $171 billion in revenue and precede a swath of other products,
including new iPads, an Apple Watch and a mobile-payments system called Apple
Pay.

Yet while Cook deals with consumer criticism over his handling of the iPhone
rollout, the issues may have little impact on Apple's sales. Demand for the new
handsets has the company poised to sell more than 61 million iPhones in the
December quarter, surpassing last year's record 51 million sold, according to
Barclays.

Sales are also set to pick up - not decelerate - as the new iPhones become
available in more countries. On Sept 19, the first day the handsets went on sale
in stores, Apple rolled them out in 10 countries. The company is set to
introduce the gadgets in another 22 countries on Friday. In total, the iPhones
will be in 115 countries by the end of the year, Apple has said.

"It will do nothing, I don't suspect it will dampen any demand," said Tim
Bajarin, an analyst at Creative Strategies Inc, about concerns over bending
phones and iOS problems.

Apple shares are up 27 percent this year.

Still, some consumers are thinking twice about buying the devices in the wake of
Wednesday's snafus. After having problems with Apple's new software upgrade to
his old iPhone, James Zahrt, a customer since 1989, decided to put off a new
smartphone purchase.

"I was going to order one immediately but now I'm going to wait," said Zahrt,
58, of Mt Prospect, Illinois, who has had troubles with his iPhone 4s' alarm
clock working properly since downloading Apple's iOS 8 software last week. "I
think the bugs need to be worked out on this thing."

The popular tide turned against the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus earlier this week
when reports began emerging that the 5.5-inch screen larger model was bending
when people sat on it. Rivals including BlackBerry Inc Chief Executive Officer
John Chen took a jab at the iPhone on Wednesday, saying he "would challenge you
guys to bend our Passport" device.

That was followed by reports from users on Wednesday that the iOS 8 software
upgrade, which had been issued to address previous software bugs and add the
health and fitness-monitoring application HealthKit, was causing some customers
to experience dropped cell service.

Frustrations about iOS 8 had been mounting even before Wednesday, with user
complaints that their devices' battery life seemed to have dwindled after
downloading the software, along with data showing applications were more likely
to crash with the operating system. According to Crittercism Inc, an analytics
firm, iOS 8 causes apps to crash about 3.3 percent of the time, or 67 percent
more than last year's version.

While glitches are not unusual for software updates, Apple attracts more
attention, said Frank Gillett, an analyst at Forrester Research.

"Apple is a bit of lightning rod or a focus because as a company, they inspire a
lot of positive and negative passion and also because they are now this company
with a global brand and global reach," he said.

(China Daily 09/26/2014 page13)

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              582 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              liverpoolecho.co.uk

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 11:15 AM GMT

iPhone 7: UK release date, price, launch video and everything you need to know
about Apple's latest handset;
Pre order date revealed for Apple's newest handset

BYLINE: By Josh Parry

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 712 words


Apple has unveiled its latest smartphone - the long-awaited iPhone 7 .

As with anything surrounding the California-based tech giant - the internet was
full of rumours ahead of the launch, but this time most of them turned out to be
true .

The new handset is waterproof , and the 'plus' model comes with an impressive
dual-lens camera - which is capable of taking SLR-style photographs. A new
version of iOS will also launch soon.

Another rumour which turned out to be true is the controversial decision to drop
the iPhone's headphone socket - meaning you'll now have to use
lightning-connected headphones or bluetooth headphones instead.

They've also waved goodbye to the 16gb and 64gb models - introducing a new 256gb
model.

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 on September 7 at an event in San Francisco.

UK customers will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday, September 9
and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday, September 16.

It's no secret that Apple devices cost a pretty penny - and the iPhone 7 isn't
going to be the one to buck the trend.

Here are the prices for buying the phone outright:

iPhone 7

32gb option - £599

128gb option - £699

256gb option - £799

iPhone 7 plus

32gb option - £719

128gb option - £819

256gb option - £919

Of course - most people buy the phones on a contract, which means they pay it
off monthly. There's been no word on contract prices from around the UK yet.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are protected
against dust and can be immersed in water up to a depth of 1m.

That means your phone will be fine if you spill a drink on it or drop it down
the loo - but you can't go swimming with it.

It is the first time Apple has ever released a water-proof phone, after rivals
Samsung introduced them to their lines.

The most controversial announcement from yesterday's event is the lack of
headphone socket .

Both new models will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into the
charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people who
have shelled out on expensive analogue headphones.

If a lightning-connected set of headphones doesn't sound like your bag - then
Apple also unveiled Airpods.

Airpods, which are essentially wireless headphones, connect via bluetooth to
stream your music and calls.

They come in a wireless charging box, which will charge the Airpods for 24hrs
without needing to connect them to a mains adaptor or USB port.

You can also charge the Airpods and their charging box at the same time.

Just don't come crying to us when you splash out £159 on new Airpods and then
lose them.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus look very much like Apple's iPhone 6 and 6 plus - but
there are subtle differences.

New colours have been introduced to the line up, meaning the iPhone now comes in
silver, gold, rose gold, black (matte) and 'jet black' which has a high-gloss
look.

The jet black model will only be available on the 128gb and 256gb models.

The body of the phones are made from aluminium, and come with a 4.7" retina HD
display, and a 5.5" display.

Everton fans may be disappointed - as the speculated blue coloured iPhone did
not make an appearance at the keynote.

One major gripe with the iPhone range is the battery life - but Apple is hoping
to solve that with the iPhone 7.

The iPhone 7 range comes with an extremely efficient A10 chip - meaning the
phone runs 3x faster than the iPhone 6 and uses just half the power.

It means that the battery life on the iPhone 7 lasts up to two hours longer than
the iPhone 6s, and the iPhone 7s plus' battery up to an hour longer than the
iPhone 6s Plus.

Selfie lovers will be pleased to know that the iPhone comes a new camera system.

The iPhone 7 will have a 12-megapixel wide angle lens, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models.

The 'truetone' flash has four LEDS.

If, however you prefer your phone a bit larger, the iPhone 7 plus comes with TWO
cameras.

It has a telephoto camera - which means it can use optical zoom - as well as a
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera.

A software update due later in the year will mean the iPhone 7 camera can
capture depth-of-field photos, which separate the background from the foreground
to achieve amazing portraits.

Your Instagram feed will be on fleek.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBLIV


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              583 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

Crossroads residents line up for new iPhone

BYLINE: Laura Garcia, Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 247 words


Sept. 20--A crowd of about 40 people stood in line for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus smartphones outside the AT&T store on Navarro Street on Friday morning.

Some people waited in line overnight to get the newest model released by Apple.

About 2 p.m. Friday, the store still had the iPhone 6 in stock but had run out
of the iPhone 6 Plus. Store employees said they expect it won't be in stock
again until mid-November.

The iPhone 6 has a 4.5-inch touch-screen and the iPhone 6 Plus has a 5.5-inch
screen. The previous model, the iPhone 5s had a 4-inch screen.

A team of employees waited inside, anticipating the rush when doors opened at 8
a.m. -- something they plan for every year.

"This had been a really successful launch," said assistant sales manager Luz
Lobo.

She took names for the waiting list to meet with a sales associate at one of the
store's two entrances which at the time, was a 35-minute wait.

Before the doors opened, an employee told customers waiting outside they were
welcome to wait but the shipment would arrive at 10:30 a.m. and they didn't know
how many iPhones it contained.

Lobo said she could not disclose how many phones they received.

According to an Apple press release, the company began taking preorders for the
new iPhones on Sept. 12, when a record 4 million orders were made within the
first 24 hours.

___ (c)2014 Victoria Advocate (Victoria, Texas) Visit Victoria Advocate
(Victoria, Texas) at www.victoriaadvocate.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140920-VI-Crossroads-residents-line-up-for-new-iPhone-20140920

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2014 Victoria Advocate


                              584 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   SME Times

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Apple unveils bigger iPhones, Apple Watch & Apple Pay

LENGTH: 473 words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 10 -- Apple Tuesday unveiled a new Apple Watch, touting it as a
comprehensive health and fitness device, a mobile wallet called Apple Pay and
two bigger screen versions of the iPhone, the 6 and the 6 Plus.

"What we didn't do was take the iPhone and shrink the user interface and strap
it on your wrist," said Chief Executive Tim Cook dressed in a purple, untucked
shirt at Applea??s splashy launch event at Flint Centre in Cupertino,
California.

a??It's the most personal device we've ever created," he said of the new watch
with a traditional square watch face, calling it "a comprehensive health and
fitness device".

The Apple Watch pairs with the new iPhones to display notifications. It features
a magnetic charger, health and fitness apps and a crown that controls zoom and
scrolling with a twist. It also tells time.

Apple said it will sell three versions of the Apple Watch, including a sports
model and an 18 carat gold model called the "Apple Watch Edition".

The Apple Watch also comes in two sizes, one slightly smaller than the other.

Announcing its version of the mobile wallet Cook said: "We've created an
entirely new payment process, and we call it Apple Pay."

Apple Senior Vice President Eddy Cue described the basics of the payment method,
calling it "fast, secure and private". American Express, MasterCard and Visa are
on board, he noted.

"Today, we are launching the biggest advancement in the history of iPhone," Cook
said as executives unveiled the iPhone 6 in two versions. "They are without a
doubt the best iPhones we've ever done."

The iPhones have curved edges and bigger screens that measure 4.7 inches and 5.5
inches, up from just four inches on the iPhone 5S. The smaller one is 6.9 mm
thick and the 5.5-inch version is 7.1 mm thick.

Senior Vice President Phil Schiller said the battery would be equal to or better
than the iPhone 5s.

The larger iPhones have what Apple is calling "Retina HD" displays.

The iPhone 6 comes with more than 1 million pixels -- a third more pixels than
the iPhone 5S. The iPhone 6 Plus has 2 million pixels, double the iPhone 5S'
screen.

Both iPhones feature an 8 megapixel camera with a new sensor that Apple claims
will help the camera focus faster.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus feature Apple's new A8 processor, which is 25
percent faster than the iPhone 5S.

The M8 co-processor will allow fitness apps to tell the difference between
walking and biking and even measure your relative elevation.

Apple said iOS 8 will be available Sep 17 to customers who have an iPhone 4S,
iPhone 5, iPhone 5C or iPhone 5S. Both iPhones will be available Sep 19 in the
US and eight other countries.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from SME Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                         Copyright 2014 tradeindia.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              585 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                     August 3, 2016 Wednesday 10:18 AM EST

Recharging your devices via solar power just got cooler

BYLINE: Keith Shaw

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 438  words


Click for image

Over the past few years, I've tried out a several solar-powered recharging
devices, usually in conjunction with summer gift guides or other outdoor gadget
projects. For the most part, the solar chargers were big, bulky things that
required a lot of heavy lifting in order to recharge your much smaller
smartphone, and didn't seem worth the extra effort in lugging it around on your
travels. One exception - the very cool solar-powered flashlights and other
devices that incorporate the hand-crank generator.

p1GoalZero, one of the leaders in the solar power market, has upped its game a
bit. This week at the Outdoor Retailer Expo in Salt Lake City, the company
showed off some new devices aimed at shrinking the size and bulkiness of those
solar panels.GoalZero

The GoalZero Slide Battery lets you take an iPhone 6/6S (or 6 Plus/6S Plus)
inside an OtterBox uniVERSE case and slide in extra battery life.

p1

p1The Slide Battery (announced in May as part of a partnership with OtterBox,
shipping now) works with the OtterBox uniVERSE case (a modular design phone case
that lets you slide the extra battery directly onto the case) and provides extra
battery charge for the iPhone 6/6S ($54.99) and 6 Plus/6S Plus ($59.99). Just
slide the battery onto the case and you get the additional power for your
phone.GoalZero

The Nomad Folio solar recharger can connect to the GoalZero Slide Battery for
extra power for  the iPhone 6/6S and 6 Plus/6S Plus.

p2But even cooler is then connecting it with the Nomad Folio ($39.99 for iPhone
6/6S, $49.99 for 6 Plus / 6SPlus, shipping in Q4 2016) - this smaller solar
panel attaches to the Slide Battery module to provide "endless power" for the
iPhone (as long as the sun is out, one assumes). The Nomad Folio looks a lot
smaller and less bulky than previous solar panel devices aimed at recharging
smartphones and tablets, so I can't wait to try it out.GoalZero

For those times when you need to have the Sun power more than a smartphone (or
recharge it up to 100 times), the GoalZero Yeti 1400 provides lots and lots of
power (you can recharge a TV or refrigerator with its stored energy).

p2The company also launched the new lineup of its Yeti Lithium Solar Power
Stations, for serious solar recharging. The Yeti 400 and Yeti 1400 include
lithium cells and are hardcore solar generators - not only will it recharge your
phone between 30 and 100 times, you can also use it to power a TV or
refrigerator. This generator does come with a cost, however - $699.99 for the
Yeti and $1,999.99 for the Yeti 1400. Those will be available in Q1 2017.

p2But yeah, the sun is awesome, isn't it?

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              586 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             June 18, 2016 Saturday

MONEYLINE

SECTION: ; Pg. Z5

LENGTH: 195 words


SCOTT OLSON, GETTY IMAGES

LUMBER LIQUIDATORS CLIMBS ON END OF INVESTIGATION

Shares of Lumber Liquidators soared more than 19% Friday after the U.S. Consumer
Product Safety Commission said it will close an investigation into the company's
use of formaldehyde in its flooring products. The news follows an agreement
between the CPSC and Lumber Liquidators in which the hardwood retailer agreed to
no longer sell laminate wood flooring previously imported from China.

APPEAL KEEPS IPHONE 6 ON MARKET IN BEIJING

Apple is appealing an administrative order issued in Beijing charging the
company's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus with violating a Chinese competitor's
intellectual property. As a result, those models, as well as the iPhone 6S,
iPhone 6S Plus and iPhone SE, continue to be available. Chinese company Shenzhen
Baili claims the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus exterior design is similar to its 100C
smartphone.

BMW MOVES FORWARD WITH NEW PLANT IN MEXICO

BMW has started construction of a factory in Mexico. The facility, estimated to
be ready for production in 2019, will be in San Luis Potosi. It will build BMW's
bestselling line, the 3 Series, producing up to 150,000 cars per year.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              587 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           September 28, 2014 Sunday

The one big problem with the enormous new iPhone

BYLINE: By Will Oremus Slate

SECTION: BUSINESS WIRE_; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 824 words


The one big problem with the enormous new iPhone

NEW YORK -- As I stood in line Friday at my local AT&T store, preparing to plunk
down $399 on Apple's next big thing, a fear crept into my thoughts: What if the
iPhone 6 Plus is too big to fit into my pants pocket? Am I going to have to
start carrying a purse?

This, of course, is not a novel problem. Half the smartphone-buying population
has been grappling with it stoically for years, because the pockets on women's
clothing tend to be Lilliputian. Only with the growing popularity of "phablets"
like the 6 Plus and the Samsung Galaxy Note, however, has the pocket-or-purse
dilemma begun to affect men. Predictably, we're freaking out.

As it turned out, however, I had no problem sliding the iPhone 6 Plus into the
pockets of my chinos. One of my colleagues, whose sartorial taste skews toward
elfin hipster jeans, had somewhat more difficulty when he tried my new phone on
for size. I'm guessing he'll opt for a smaller version.

Yet just as I began to rejoice that I hadn't wasted my money on a phone I
couldn't carry, a different drawback became apparent: There's no easy way to use
the device with just one hand.

Over the years, I've grown blithely accustomed to the notion that operating a
smartphone is a single-handed endeavor. Not only can I comfortably cradle the
iPhone 5 in my palm, but the tips of my fingers have no trouble reaching the
farthest corners of the screen. I've even mastered the art of swatting home runs
one-handed on my favorite little time-wasting mobile game, 9 Innings Pro
Baseball.

No more. Just typing in your passcode to unlock the 6 Plus requires either a
second hand or a feat of manual acrobatics. Reaching the top buttons on the home
screen-you know, trivial things like "messages" "photos," and "camera"-is out of
the question, unless you're NBA player Kawhi Leonard.

When Apple announced the 6 Plus, I noted that it had included a feature that
allows you to pull the top buttons halfway down the screen by double-tapping the
home button. I did not anticipate that I would quickly come to rely on this
feature for almost everything I need to do on the phone.

Opening my Gmail app and composing a message used to require just three actions:

* Tap to open the app

* Tap the "compose" button

* Start typing

Now it requires the following finger dance:

* Double-tap the home button to bring the Gmail app within reach

* Tap to open the app

* Double-tap the home button to bring the compose button within reach

* Tap the "compose" button

* Start typing

That might sound like a small difference. If you use your phone a lot, it isn't.
It nearly doubles the amount of time it takes to complete certain tasks. And
while the double-tap feature makes it relatively easy to reach the top of the
screen, it remains a struggle to reach the sides without dropping the device
altogether. Two of the people I to whom I briefly loaned the phone fumbled it
within the first 30 seconds.

The obvious solution is simply to use two hands at all times. I get that. The 6
Plus works beautifully in landscape mode, and its spacious screen shines when it
comes to reading articles, watching videos, or playing games. Its battery life,
reputed to be significantly longer than that of the iPhone 6, was a major
selling point for me. Like the Galaxy Note, this is a phone that some people
will love even as others mock and eschew it. I have a feeling that my father,
who happily sported a bulky Handspring Treo at a time when everyone else was
buying Motorola Razrs, will be a fan.

Unlike the Galaxy Note, however (or the Treo, for that matter), the 6 Plus
doesn't come with a stylus, and it wasn't explicitly marketed as a compromise
between a phone and a tablet. No Galaxy Note buyer should be surprised to find
that her device is ungainly. Apple addicts, on the other hand, may have been
lulled by the company's marketing to believe that it would never sell them a
phone that didn't feel Mama Bear's-chair perfect in their palms.

A device that requires two hands is a device that demands your full attention.
It's not a device you can whip out of your pocket and glance at quickly in
between other tasks. It's not a device you can use to quickly scan your email
while carrying a grocery bag or hanging onto a subway pole. And perhaps that was
Apple's intention all along: An awkwardly sized phone might be just the
incentive some people need to buy a $350 smartwatch.

I'm not ruling out the possibility that I'll eventually grow dexterous enough
with the 6 Plus that its virtues begin to overshadow its limitations. But at
this point, I'm also not ruling out the possibility that I'll be back in line at
that same AT&T store within two weeks to exchange it for something more
manageable.

* Video of Oremus, Slate's senior technology reporter, demonstrating the iPhone
6 is at http://www.slate.com/blogs/future_tense/2014/09/19/iphone_6_plus_size_v
s_iphone_6_why_i_might_return_apple_s_giant_new_iphone.html

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bloomberg News Apple Inc.'s latest software update for the iPhone and
iPad tablet is causing popular applications made by Facebook Inc., Dropbox Inc.
and others to crash more frequently. Apple's iOS 8 operating system causes apps
to crash about 3.3 percent of the time, or 67 percent more, according to a
study. Bloomberg News Law enforcement officials rely on all kinds of tools to
solve crimes and bring criminals to justice. New Apple and Google's new
encrypted operation systems could mean criminals and those who plan acts
destructive to our national security may walk free. Bloomberg News You might be
able to fit the new iPhone 6 Plus in your pocket, but you'll have trouble
operating it with one hand. That's a huge drawback for some.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              588 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 14, 2014 Sunday 12:06 PM GMT

iPhone 6: Shortage fears eased as supplier says customers WILL receive handsets
on release date;
Rumours of supply delays recede as the frenzy to get hold of the iPhone 6
gathers pace and leading supplier Verizon confirm they have begun dispatching
the handsets

BYLINE: By Chris Gee

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE

LENGTH: 275 words


Apple customers will receive their iPhone 6 handsets on its release date,
despite rumours of shipping delays, according to the supplier.

There has been unprecedented anticipation and record pre-sales for the iPhone 6
and the iPhone 6 Plus, which led to rumours of a shortage of the product for
those hungry to experience the handsets at the first opportunity.

But according to a source at leading supplier Verizon, both the smartphones have
started their shipping transit and a due to arrive with early-bird phone punters
on September 19, the day the new models are set to hit retail shops.

Sources also say that at least 80% of pre-orders are expected to be delivered on
the launch day.

Fans of the Apple products are expected to besiege retailers on Friday to pick
up the phones, with large queues sure to form the before opening.

Apple revealed the much anticipated iPhone 6 and iWatch at a packed press event
this week, ending months of waiting for gadget fans.

The iPhone comes in two sizes and has a larger screen than previous incarnations
.

It'll also do contactless payments, has an upgraded camera and vastly improved
battery life.

As with the iPhone 5s, the 6 and 6 Plus will both be available in Silver, Space
Grey, and gold. All three colours will be available at launch.

The storage options have been upgraded for the 6 and 6 Plus. The base storage
remains at 16GB, but above that it jumps to 64GB. A new 128GB option has been
introduced, and the 32GB option has been removed.

The iPhone 5S is still available in 16GB and 32GB, and the 5C is still available
with 8GB.

Will you be getting the iPhone 6 within a week of it going on sale in the shops?



LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              589 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                             July 9, 2015 Thursday

Apple ramps up iPhone production to record levels

SECTION: DEVICES; Business Expansions

LENGTH: 205 words



HIGHLIGHT: Suppliers have recently started initial production of iPhone models.


Apple is planning to ramp up production of its new iPhone units to record
levels. The company has reportedly asked suppliers to manufacture between 85
million and 90 million units by the end of this year.

Last year, Apple ordered 70 million to 80 million units of its iPhone 6 and 6
Plus smartphones.

The new phones will have the same 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screen and exterior
design as the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

It was reported last month that suppliers had commenced initial production of
iPhone models with Force Touch technology, which is already used in the Apple
Watch and new MacBook Pros.

The Wall Street Journal reported that Apple is also considering to hire a third
assembler, Taiwan-based Wistron, to help manufacture the new phones.

Last year, the company primarily depended on Hon Hai Precision Industry and
Pegatron for assembling its devices.

People familiar with the matter told the Journal that some component suppliers
began manufacturing parts for the new iPhone units in large quantity earlier
this month.

The sales of iPhone units increased 40% in March to 61.2 million. Apple, with
its advanced big screen iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, pushed Samsung from its top
position as the top smartphone manufacturer in the world.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              590 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                    September 27, 2014 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Apple's Response To iPhone 6 Plus 'Bendgate' Issue

BYLINE: Kamya Kandhari, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 282  words


Apple finally broke its silence after withdrawing the software update.

Saturday, September 27, 2014: We have seen lots of complaints coming over by
iPhone 6 Plus users about the 'Bendgate' issue. Apple finally responded after
withdrawing the software update while the company continuously puts in efforts
to revive the momentum of its newly launched smartphones sale.

The phone has observed criticism over its bendability issue, known as
'bendgate'. There were many pictures and comments released on social media
platforms by iPhone 6 Plus users about the issue.

Apple has said that the iPhone has steel and titanium inserts to support
high-stress locations. It stated that they have used the strongest glass in the
smartphone industry. Laban Roomes, chief executive of Goldgenie, which
customizes and gold plates iPhones told that the only way that may lead an
iPhone to bend is when someone keeps it in their back pocket and sit for a
longer time duration.

As mentioned on The Times of India, Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller said in an
e-mail, "With normal use, a bend in iPhone is extremely rare and through our
first six days of sale, a total of nine customers have contacted Apple with a
bent iPhone 6 Plus." While showing concerns over the issue, she further added,
"We apologize for the great inconvenience experienced by users."

Apple has stated on its website that they are working to fix the issue of iOS 8
update and will release it within next few days. Quoting an Apple support
executive, Tech news website The Next Web reported that, customers who have
observed the bent gate issue can hope for replacements for their bent iPhones
depending on whether their devices passed an inspection.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              591 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Gloucestershire Echo

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Gadget fans flock to store as latest iPhone hits the shelves

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 474 words


MOBILE phone shops across Gloucestershire have reported record customer numbers
as the long-awaited iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus hit the shelves on Friday.

While iPhone mania may not have hit the county as hard as other parts of the UK,
where people have been camping outside for days to get their hands on the latest
tech giant Apple has to offer, it certainly has proved just as popular as its
predecessors.

"There's buzz since opened at morning and witnessing demand for devices" A
spokesman for mobile company Virgin said it had sold a large amount of both
headsets by noon at its Gloucester store on King's Walk. "We have seen quite a
lot of trade for the iPhone today," he said. "The iPhone plus has proved more
popular at the moment because it is a cross between the iPad and an iPhone. "We
have all had a look at it and customers have been trying it out at our live
model and are really impressed." Senior account director for 3, Pippa Ellis,
said the reaction to the phone had been "fantastic" at its store on Cheltenham
High Street. "There's been a real buzz since the doors opened at 8am Friday
morning and we're witnessing huge demand for the new devices, which is great,"
she said.

"Customers have been able to test-drive the new iPhones in store."

Apple officially announced the eighth generation of iPhone at a special event in
Cupertino, California, alongside its new smart watch. The smartphone is proving
popular despite its £539 price tag for its smallest model with 16GB memory.

While the hi-tech handsets may have led the mobile market in recent years, Apple
will face a fight to keep hold of the highly lucrative market with competitors
HTC, Samsung and Sony all bringing advanced models to the table.

Some fans were so keen to get their hands on the new iPhones, they began camping
outside the Apple store in Regent Street, London, on Monday. Around 30 or so set
up camp outside the store the day before the release, with tents, tables and
chairs and even bottles of wine. On Monday, Apple announced a record number of
first day pre-orders of the two handsets, with more than four million in the
first 24 hours.

a real the doors 8am Friday we're huge the new PIPPA ELLIS The iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus are available in 10 countries, including the UK, the US, Australia
and Singapore, and a further 20 by next week.

Both handsets will be available in new sizes for the first time, with the iPhone
6 offering a 4.7-inch screen, while the 6 Plus boasts the biggest screen Apple
has ever produced for a smartphone at 5.5inches. The phone is available in space
grey, silver or gold and boasts a 1,334 by 750 resolution screen, an eight
megapixel camera and the latest Apple interface processor, the iOS8.

"There's been a real buzz since the doors opened at 8am Friday morning and we're
witnessing huge demand for the new devices" PIPPA ELLIS

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GLE


                      Copyright 2014 Gloucestershire Echo
                              All Rights Reserved


                              592 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            October 30, 2015 Friday

Are high prices hurting iPhones 6S, iPhone 6S Plus sales in India?

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 658 words


KOLKATA: Apple has acknowledged that the higher pricing of iPhone 6S and 6S Plus
in India and some other markets due to foreign exchange fluctuations has had an
impact on their sales, but said it's investing for long term in the country.

"We've adjusted some prices around the world for the launch of iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus... Obviously when we increase prices around the world, it's normal to see
some impact on sales rates," Luca Maestri, Apple's chief financial officer, said
in response to a query about the currency movement and impact on demand in terms
of volume units and revenues in some regions like India, Japan, and parts of
Europe during the Cupertino-based company's fourth quarter earnings call on
Wednesday. But Maestri also said it was too early to arrive at any conclusion.

READ ALSO:

"...because the phones have been out there just for four weeks, so it's bit
early to tell. But so far we were encouraged by the response," the Apple CFO
said.

ET was the first to report about lower-than-expected demand for the new iPhones
in the country due to high prices with consumers either buying from the grey
market at substantially lower prices or waiting for a price crash or online
discounts earlier this month.

iPhone 6S and 6S Plus are selling at Rs 62,000-Rs 92,000 depending on memory and
model, Rs 8,500-9,500 more than the last year's launch price of iPhone 6 and 6
Plus and also Rs 14,000-16,000 costlier than their prices in global markets like
the US, Middle East, Singapore and Hong Kong. Apple's trade partners in India
attributed the huge price difference of the new iPhones between India and many
global markets to two factors: Depreciation of the rupee against dollar whereby
Apple had hedged the currency exchange rate, and higher tax, with imported
smartphones attracting 11.5% more tax than locally assembled ones while this
difference was just 5% last year.

READ ALSO:

But Apple remains optimistic about its long-term prospects in India. Its chief
executive officer Tim Cook, in Wednesday's earnings call, said the company was
investing for the long term in a few markets like India where factors like
currency were "transitional kind of thing". "I was really impressed last quarter
with our progress in Vietnam and Indonesia and India among others," he said.

Discount push

Apple said iPhone sales in South Asia, including India, during the
July-September quarter was up by 35%. Analysts say sales during this quarter in
India were driven by aggressive online discount on iPhone's earlier models.

"In India the demand situation is still not vibrant for the new iPhones," the
chief executive officer of a leading cell phone retail chain said. "In fact,
there is sufficient stock in India compared with markets like the US and China
where demand is still more than supply," said the CEO requesting not to be
named.

Most big mobile and consumer electronics retail chains and even large e-commerce
firms said sales of the new iPhones were at best matching last year, while some
reported 20%-50% lower demand compared with last year's demand for iPhone 6 and
6 Plus. Incidentally, Apple was targeting a two-to-three fold jump in sales of
the new iPhones leading up to Diwali.

Apple Inc on Wednesday reported 63% growth in revenues from emerging markets at
$79 billion, or about Rs 5,12,500 crore, for the fiscal year ended September
2015.

READ ALSO:

Cook said the company achieved this despite "very strong headwinds" from foreign
exchange rates. Apple also posted largest absolute revenue growth ever, growing
by 28% at $234 billion, or about Rs 15,18,000 crore.

The company had last month announced that it sold more than 13 million units of
iPhones 6S and 6S Plus models in 12 markets including the US and China in just
three days after launch, setting a new record for the company.

The company management during the call on Wednesday also said the new iPhones
were selling more than last year's launch.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              593 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        China Daily (Hong Kong Edition)

                          September 26, 2015 Saturday

Unimpressive SAR debut for Apple iPhone 6s

BYLINE: Luis Liu in Hong Kong

LENGTH: 408  words


Re-sales of iPhone 6s smartphones were lackluster in Hong Kong as they made
their debut the same day on the mainland

According to local information technology news website newmobilelife.com, up
until 6 pm on Friday re-sale prices even dropped to lower than official retail
prices.

Some sellers lamented that the new smartphones were not as appealing as before.

Silver iPhone 6s suffered the most. A 16GB version was sold HK$238 cheaper than
the official price. Its 64GB and 128GB version were priced HK$38 and HK$88
cheaper in the resale market.

Prices for the Rose Gold model stood their ground. The 16GB version sold for
HK$212 dearer. The 64GB and 128GB all sold for HK$512 more than the original
price.

The iPhone 6s Plus enjoyed stronger demand. However, people could only earn
HK$12 by reselling the 16GB Space Grey and Silver models.

Rose Gold models also enjoyed the highest price in the Plus family with 16GB,
64GB and 128GB selling for profits of HK$812, HK$1,312 and HK$1,512,
respectively.

Official retail prices start at HK$5,588 for the iPhone 6s with a 4.7-inch
display and HK$6,388 for the iPhone 6s Plus with a 5.5-inch display, according
to Apple's Hong Kong webpage.

On last year's debut day of the new iPhone, resale prices were as high as
HK$10,000 for an iPhone 6 and HK$16,000 for an iPhone 6 Plus. Official retail
prices were the same as for the iPhone 6s.

Digital product traders felt the simultaneous release on the mainland caused the
slump. Kesh Digital spokesman Cheng Fei said that this time supplies to the
mainland were abundant, especially in Guangdong province. He felt the demand for
iPhones from the mainland would be low this time.

Some dealers in Shenzhen's IT commercial zone Huaqiangbei said they would not
stock the new iPhone. They are competing for time. Even if they get the product
early, only a thin profit margin could be achieved.

The iPhone 6s, as a transitional product, does not attract a lot of consumers,
according to a shopkeeper at Huaqiangbei. People were obviously waiting for
iPhone 7, he explained.

luisliu@chinadailyhk.com

Customers choose the new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus at the Apple Store at
Causeway Bay on Friday. The new generation iPhone goes on sale around the world
on Friday. Parker Zheng / China Daily

(HK Edition 09/26/2015 page7)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1495/9/144323241420.jpg

00221917e13e17702d4c02.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1495/24/144323241471.jpg

00221917e13e17702d4f03.jpg

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1495


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              594 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

Queues, anger, cash-ins ... it's another iPhone launch

BYLINE: Jennifer Ngo, Chris Lau and Bloomberg

SECTION: NEWS; Local (Hong Kong News); Technology; Pg.3

LENGTH: 470 words


Apple's new iPhones hit the shelves yesterday, with speculators cashing them in
for up to double the original price.

The launch got off to a chaotic start in Hong Kong, with labour groups
protesting about working conditions in the mainland  factories that make the
phones, and walk-in buyers at stores complaining bitterly upon being  told they
could not make purchases.

At Apple's Festival Walk store in Kowloon Tong, more than 100 people had queued
overnight, only to be told that the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus would only be
available to those who had pre-registered - walk-in customers would not be
entertained.

"They could've told us last night when the mall closed," said 31-year-old
cleaner Tony Ku.

He claimed that Apple Store employees and security staff at the mall had told
those waiting outside on Thursday that they could queue until the mall opened
yesterday.

But when they filed in at 6.30am, Apple staff announced that no iPhones would be
sold to walk-in customers. Store manager Patrick Wong said: "We had no idea
there were people queuing up outside."

Pre-registered buyers, who were limited to two phones, were applauded by staff
as they picked up their new gadgets. Many sold them on to speculators outside,
many of them from the mainland, who in turn hoped to resell them for a profit.

The phones went on sale yesterday in Australia, Hong Kong, Singapore, Japan,
France, Germany and the United Kingdom, before being rolled out in Puerto Rico,
Canada and the US. But licensing problems on the mainland  meant it was not
included in the opening, unlike last year's iPhone 5s and 5c launch.

The iPhone 6 Plus had the best resale value, fetching HK$13,000 to HK$17,000 -
double Apple's price. The iPhone 6, with a smaller screen, was fetching around
HK$8,000, said one buyer,  who admitted most of the phones would be heading
north.

One store on online purchasing site Taobao boasted one-day delivery in the
vicinity of Beijing, charging 16,888 yuan (HK$21,267) for an iPhone 6 Plus with
128GB memory. The website said it had Hong Kong and US versions.

About 30 people representing nine labour groups staged a protest against
mainland sweatshop factories at the IFC store.

Some  dozen protesters from Students and Scholars Against Corporate Misbehaviour
held up signs that said "iSlave 6. Still made in sweatshops", and "Throw Away
the Bad Apple."

Buyers speaking Cantonese with mainland accents could be seen gathering next to
Sin Tat Plaza, a popular mobile gadget hub, in Mong Kok.

Their presence attracted new owners of the phones looking for the best re-sale
deal.

In Japan, dozens of Chinese people were waiting outside Tokyo's flagship Apple
store in glitzy Ginza.

"I'm queuing because it's not sold in China yet," said Chen Manyan, a
21-year-old tourist from Fujian  province, adding: "It's expensive, though."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:                  {+$}17,000                ; The top resale price, in HK
dollars, for an iPhone 6 Plus, in Hong Kong, twice Apple's price

GRAPHIC:                  A big queue of people lined up outside Studio A in
Tsim Sha Tsui in the hope of buying a new iPhone.                    Photos: Sam
Tsang, Felix Wong
                 Newly bought iPhones were quickly sold on for fat profits
(above left) while some people were upset at missing out on a purchase.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              595 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

iPhone 6 may just be worth it - if you can find one

BYLINE: Adrian Weckler

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 336 words


WITH queues filling city streets in New York and London, thousands of delirious
Apple fans may have already made up their mind. But the rest of us have one
simple question about the iPhone 6: is it worth upgrading to? On the evidence of
both the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus, the answer is a tentative 'yes'. This
is easily Apple's best handset to date for several reasons.

But there is a caveat: these are also the most expensive phones you will have
ever bought. Indeed the smaller model with 64GB of storage is expected to cost
(EURO)800 on its own or around (EURO)60 per month for two years plus around
(EURO)200 upfront when buying as part of an operator upgrade - a total of
(EURO)1,640.

Nevertheless, a brief look at the positives may persuade people thinking of
splashing out that it's worth every penny. Both the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and
5.5-inch iPhone 6 are slim, light and very powerful. They both feature upgrades
on battery life and, in the case of the 'Plus' model, a significant upgrade in
camera quality.

As you would expect from Apple, they're also very handsomely designed.

The biggest difference, though, is screen size: the 'Plus' model is almost twice
the size of an iPhone 5S. Is that too big for comfortable daily use? I've never
thought so, although I have been a fan of 'phablets' (half-phone, half tablets)
for some time. But for those with small hands, Apple has included a feature
called "reachability". This allows you to double-tap the home button to shift
the top part down.

There's a lot more power under the hood, thanks to Apple's A8 chip. It's a shame
that it doesn't have toughened glass to prevent cracks, but that will probably
be added in the next update.

Apple sold a total of 10 million iPhone 6 units in its opening weekend of sales,
bringing in more than (EURO)7bn in just 72 hours.

Irish mobile phone operators say they will be unable to satisfy demand for the
iPhone 6 when it is launched here on Friday. Operators say they are already
preparing for back-orders of up to six weeks.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Irish actor Robert Sheehan picks up his new iPhone 6 in London. Inset:
Adrian Weckler with the new phone.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              596 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Sunday Independent (South Africa)

                               September 18, 2016
                                   E1 Edition

A short history of everything iPhone

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 399 words


Apple's new iPhone 7 isn't a major upgrade on the previous version, despite its
various updates and features - and the well-flagged news that the smartphone has
no headphone jack. That said, the iPhone has been a game-changer. It helped
Apple become the world's most valuable company and has swept aside many a rival
device over its lifespan, contributing to the decline of household names from
BlackBerry to Nokia. Here's a look at its evolution over the years.

Introducing the iPhone

The first model arrives in 2007, ushering in the era of smartphones. While other
devices had featured touchscreens, Apple's was the first to package the
technology so that it worked seamlessly.

iPhone 3G

The first upgrade, with 3G offering faster wireless connections. The new App
Store is a key element in enhancing the capabilities of the device.

iPhone 3GS

The iPhone 3GS in 2009 isn't a major upgrade, offering only marginal
improvements in speed.

iPhone 4

The iPhone 4, which comes out in 2010, is Apple's first radical redesign of the
device. The launch also results in Antennagate: The design of the case leads to
some dropped calls and forces the company to offer free antenna bands to
mitigate the problem.

iPhone 4S

The iPhone 4S is another minor upgrade, helping to solve the antenna issue and
boosting performance.

iPhone 5

The iPhone 5 in 2012 marks Apple's move to bigger screens and is a hit with
consumers, delivering rapid revenue growth for Apple.

iPhone 5C and 5S

The iPhone 5S upgrade isn't a surprise. It's the introduction of the more
affordable iPhone 5C that raises eyebrows; designed to appeal to emerging
markets, it doesn't prove to be a big hit.

iPhone 6 and 6 Plus

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in 2014 is the right move at the right time. The bigger
smartphones wow customers in Asia and put Apple into the top spot in China.

iPhone 6S

The upgrade doesn't change much - a bit faster, a bit better.

iPhone SE

Earlier this year, Apple surprises by reviving the iPhone 5's size and shape in
the form of the iPhone SE. A cheaper, mid-range phone, it sells better than
expected in places such as Latin America, but isn't enough to reverse a revenue
decline.

iPhone 7 and 7 Plus

The iPhone 7 is a break from Apple's two-year upgrade cycle, with the size and
shape almost unchanged from its predecessor. It sports a better camera, faster
performance and, in a new twist, gets rid of the headphone jack. - Bloomberg

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SI


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              597 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Sunday Tribune (South Africa)

                               September 18, 2016
                                   E1 Edition

A short history of everything iPhone

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 393 words


Apple's new iPhone 7 isn't a major upgrade on the previous version, despite its
various updates and features - and the well-flagged news that the smartphone has
no headphone jack. That said, the iPhone has been a game-changer. It helped
Apple become the world's most valuable company and has swept aside many a rival
device, contributing to the decline of household names from BlackBerry to Nokia.
Here's a look at its evolution.

Introducing the iPhone

The first model arrives in 2007, ushering in the era of smartphones. While other
devices had featured touchscreens, Apple's was the first to package the
technology so that it worked seamlessly.

iPhone 3G

The first upgrade, with 3G offering faster wireless connections. The new App
Store is a key element in enhancing the capabilities of the device.

iPhone 3GS

The iPhone 3GS in 2009 isn't a major upgrade, offering only marginal
improvements in speed.

iPhone 4

The iPhone 4, which comes out in 2010, is Apple's first radical redesign of the
device. The launch also results in Antennagate: The design of the case leads to
some dropped calls and forces the company to offer free antenna bands to
mitigate the problem.

iPhone 4S

The iPhone 4S is another minor upgrade, helping to solve the antenna issue and
boosting performance.

iPhone 5

The iPhone 5 in 2012 marks Apple's move to bigger screens and is a hit with
consumers, delivering rapid revenue growth for Apple.

iPhone 5C and 5S

The iPhone 5S upgrade isn't a surprise. It's the introduction of the more
affordable iPhone 5C that raises eyebrows; designed to appeal to emerging
markets, it doesn't prove to be a big hit.

iPhone 6 and 6 Plus

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in 2014 is the right move at the right time. The bigger
smartphones wow customers in Asia and put Apple into the top spot in China.

iPhone 6S

The upgrade doesn't change much - a bit faster, a bit better.

iPhone SE

Earlier this year, Apple surprises by reviving the iPhone 5's size and shape in
the form of the iPhone SE. A cheaper, mid-range phone, it sells better than
expected in places such as Latin America, but isn't enough to reverse a revenue
decline.

iPhone 7 and 7 Plus

The iPhone 7 is a break from Apple's two-year upgrade cycle, with the size and
shape almost unchanged from its predecessor. It sports a better camera, faster
performance and, in a new twist, gets rid of the headphone jack. - Bloomberg

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NT


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              598 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             June 18, 2016 Saturday

Apple is red after Chinese crackdown

BYLINE: James Covert

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 299 words


Apple just got a smack from the long arm of Beijing regulators.

Shares of the California tech giant tumbled 2.3 percent to $95.33 on Friday
after the Beijing Intellectual Property Bureau barred the sale of the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus in China's capital city.

The regulator ruled that Apple's previous-generation smartphones, released in
September 2014, violated an external-design patent held by Chinese phone maker
Shenzhen Baili for its 100C model.

In a statement, Apple said that it has obtained a reprieve after appealing the
order, and that the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - which were succeeded last fall by the
current 6s and 6s Plus models - are still for sale in Beijing.

"The order has been stayed pending review by the Beijing IP (intellectual
property) court," Apple said.

Some tech analysts downplayed the significance of the news, noting that Apple
already plans to stop selling the iPhone 6 models in China by early fall when
the appeal ends, as the new iPhone 7 will be released around the same time.

"It would likely be no more than a 2- to 3-percent iPhone unit headwind, or a 1-
to 2-percent revenue headwind, just for the September quarter," Piper Jaffray
analyst Gene Munster said in a Friday note.

Nevertheless, others said the ruling signals a risky regulatory climate in
Apple's most important growth market. Last year, China surpassed Europe as
Apple's second-biggest market behind the Americas.

Earlier this year, Apple had to shut down its iBooks store and sales of iTunes
movies following a Chinese clampdown.

"It's a bit of a gut punch" for Apple, said Daniel Ives of research firm
Synchronoss Technologies. "It speaks to the headwinds in China that US tech
companies are seeing, which continue to get worse rather than better."

jcovert@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Icy tone: The relationship between Apple's Tim Cook and China's Li
Keqiang turned unusually chilly on Friday when Beijing barred the tech titan
from selling its iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in the country - saying a local company
owned a patent on the smartphone's design. [Post photo composite]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              599 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                   Gulf Times

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Ooredoo set for new iPhones launch

LENGTH: 239  words


Ooredoo will officially launch iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus this weekend, it was
announced yesterday. The next generation iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are the biggest
advancements in iPhone history yet, featuring the A8 chip, 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch
Retina HD displays, and an all-new thin design.

"The 4G enabled devices will work seamlessly with Ooredoo's world-class 4G
network, giving customers access to superfast mobile data speeds and the
smoothest browsing experience in Qatar," a statement said.

For the iPhone 6, customers can choose from the 16GB model in silver, space grey
or gold for QR2,799, the 64GB device for QR3,199, or the 128GB for QR3,599. The
larger iPhone 6 Plus will cost QR3,199 for the 16GB model (all colours), QR3,599
for the 64GB, and QR3,999 for the 128GB device (based on availability).

Customers were able to pre-order the devices online via Ooredoo's eShop since
midnight last Friday. The pre-order launch had thousands of people visiting the
company's eShop. Ooredoo said this was the biggest smartphone pre-order launch
the company has seen.

Those who have pre-ordered the phone will receive an SMS and e-mail message,
inviting them to come to a selected Ooredoo branch and collect their device.

Customers unable to purchase a device at the weekend will be able to buy their
selected model on Ooredoo's eShop after the weekend, as the company works to
ensure more stock in the coming weeks.

Gulf Times Newspaper 2014

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 183


                      Copyright 2014 Gulf Times Newspaper
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              600 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

Delay sparks  grey market  scramble for new iPhones

BYLINE: Clifford Coonan

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 423 words


The iPhone 6 has yet to debut in China but already it's being referred to as
"Kidney No 6", a joke on how people have to sell at least one internal organ, or
possibly two, to afford the new, bigger smartphone.

Despite the occasional TV campaign against Apple's after-sales service, the
success of domestic manufacturer Xiaomi and Korea's Samsung, and the lengthy
period it took China Mobile, the country's biggest operator, to agree a carriage
deal for the iPhone, the smart device has been making inroads in the Chinese
market.

So it came as quite a surprise when Apple launched its latest model without
revealing a Chinese launch date. Apple has sold a record of more than 10 million
iPhones during the first weekend in shops globally, but there is still no
information on when China will get the new devices.

The delay in bringing out the iPhone 6 has had repercussions all over the world.
In the absence of official approval, smugglers have been active.

Customs officials in Shenzhen seized hundreds of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus smartphones
in a number of raids. Hong Kong customs found one haul including 138 new iPhones
being loaded onto a speedboat in a rural coastal area opposite the Chinese
shore.

Shoppers at an Apple store near Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut, came
to fisticuffs over the chance to resell the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in China
for as much as four times their retail price.

"The iPhone 6 has entered the final stage of the approval process, now it's just
a matter of time," Miao Wei, head of China's Ministry of Industry and
Information Technology told Tencent in an interview in Beijing. "Netizens,
please wait patiently."

Last week, the Xinhua news agency said the iPhone 6 had received two of the
three licenses needed in China, and was awaiting network access approval.

Last year's introduction of the iPhone 5s  was the first and only time so far
that Apple's phones were available in China on the same day as the global debut.

Apple's sales in Greater China, which includes Taiwan and Hong Kong, were up 28
per cent in the third quarter to $5.94 billion (EUR 4.62 million), about 16 per
cent of total revenue.

News that China wasn't getting new iPhones in the first week prompted a surge in
prices for the phones on the grey market, with the iPhone 6 going for 13,000
yuan (EUR 1,650) and iPhone 6 Plus selling for 20,000 yuan (EUR 2,540).

However, since then prices in the grey market have come down dramatically,
according to the People's Daily newspaper, as the official release date draws
tantalisingly closer.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              601 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            December 29, 2014 Monday
                               MON SCENE Edition

Who needs a separate camera with these 3 phones?

BYLINE: Anick Jesdanun

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 8C

LENGTH: 562 words


Phones have gotten so good at taking photos that I rarely bring along a stand
alone camera anymore.

Of course, a phone is never going to replace a full bodied, single lens reflex
camera, otherwise known as an SLR. There's just no way to squeeze a powerful,
SLR type lens into the small body of a phone. But many smartphones now match and
even outperform point and shoot cameras. You'll get good pictures with any high
end phone, including LG's G3 and Google's Nexus 6. But a few phones go beyond
just good.

Apple's iPhone 6 (starts at $649 without a contract) and iPhone 6 Plus ($749):
Last year, I declared the iPhone 5s to be the best camera phone overall. This
year's 6 and 6 Plus models are even better, particularly with faster and more
accurate focusing. The iPhone can even make moving toddlers look still and
sharp.

For indoor and night shots, the iPhone often manages to avoid the image blur
that many other cameras produce when shutters stay open longer to let in more
light. The 6 Plus model also has anti shake technology to help reduce blur. I
noticed increased sharpness in some shots of statues inside a museum and the
city skyline at night, compared with shots taken with the regular iPhone 6. For
most shots, though, the iPhone 6 performs just as well. Go for the Plus only if
you want the larger viewing screen not for the camera.

The iPhone shines in a wide range of settings, making it an overall great choice
for capturing impromptu moments.

Samsung's Galaxy Note 4 ($700 to $826, depending on carrier) and Note Edge ($840
to $946): Images taken on the Note phones are rich in color. Friends say "wow"
when they see the shots. The Note's AMOLED screen technology contributes to
that, but the colors are still rich when viewing on a standard LCD laptop.

The problem is the colors sometimes look too rich, as though they've been
adjusted using software. Faces, for instance, often look overly orange,
especially for indoor shots (the yellow glow from artificial lighting
contributes to that). The iPhone doesn't win on colors, but images look more
natural. With the Note, you wind up with many images that look better but others
that look worse. The color can typically be fixed with editing software, but
that takes time.

The Note camera's 16 megapixels is among the highest in smartphones. Although
having more megapixels doesn't necessarily mean better pictures, I can make out
smaller text on Note images. The Note also excels with zoom. With most phones,
quality degrades as you zoom in because the lens itself doesn't move. Zooming is
essentially cropping. The Note compensates for that with anti shake technology,
similar to the 6 Plus, and with the merger of pixels from multiple exposures
taken in succession.

Microsoft's Lumia Icon ($499): Like other Lumia phones using the standard Nokia
Pro Cam app, the Icon camera is slow to snap and save the shot. Forget about
moving babies. Forget about multiple images in bursts, as iPhones and Note
phones allow.

Even as Lumia phones are known for their low light performance, rivals have
caught up. And the Icon's ability to take images of up to 19 megapixels no
longer is impressive.

Yet the manual controls in Lumia phones are unmatched. You can control shutter
speed, light sensitivity, white balance and other settings you typically only
get with an SLR. It's the camera for taking professional looking photos.

LOAD-DATE: January 01, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple CEO Tim Cook shows off the new iPhone 6 during an Apple event in
September in Cupertino, Calif. Getty Images file

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              602 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Townsville Bulletin (Australia)

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                               Townsville Edition

HOW 'BOUT THESE APPLES?

BYLINE: ROD CHESTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 375  words


APPLE yesterday launched a war on three fronts, with two big-screen iPhones to
tackle the phablet threat, a tap-and-touch payment system to kill your wallet
and a wearable device it hopes will rule them all.

Apple CEO Tim Cook, who took over after the death of Steve Jobs three years ago,
used the words "one more thing" that Apple fans have craved since first hearing
it at the launch of the iPad in a presentation that the Cupertino-tech company
sees as another potential turning point.

While the details of the new iPhones have been widely leaked, there were some
surprises including the name of the biggest phone in the Apple family: the
iPhone 6 Plus.

The iPhone 6 is a 4.7-inch phone and the iPhone 6 Plus is a 5.5-inch phone and
both allow Apple to follow the market trend of bigger is better.

The iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus will both have Near Field Communication, or
NFC, a wireless communication system that some Android phones embraced years ago
which enables people to pay for good with a tap-and-touch of their phone at the
check-out of bricks and mortar stores. The idea of using your phone at the
check-out is not new but Apple is hoping the deals it has made with American
Express, Visa, and MasterCard, the major American banks and a string of
retailers will be enough for Apple Pay to take off.

The payment system begins in America in October but there are no details yet
when it might be released in Australia and what banks, credit cards and
merchants will be involved.

After years of rumours that Apple was working on a wearable device, the Apple
Watch was also finally unveiled yesterday.

The Watch will come in two sizes, a 38mm and a 42mm watchface, and three models,
all of which have interchangeable bands and will target consumers across a wide
range, from those wanting an activity tracker to those looking for an up-market
timepiece.

The iPhones will go on sale in Australia from September 17, with prices for the
iPhone 6 ranging from $869-$1129 for a 16GB to 128GB phone and $999-$1249 for a
16GB to 128GB iPhone 6 Plus.

They will also be available from Telstra, Optus and Vodafone with preorders from
this Friday.The Watch will go on sale in the US early next year, with no word
yet on its Australian availability and pricing.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Townsville Bulletin


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              603 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               TODAY (Singapore)

                            September 9, 2016 Friday
                                  APM Edition

Local telcos see healthy interest for iPhone 7

BYLINE: Alison Jenner

SECTION: HNP; Business; Singapore; Technology; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 506 words


SINGAPORE - Singtel, StarHub and M1 said yesterday they have seen healthy
interest from customers pre-registering for the new Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus,
even as the removal of the headphone jack and the introduction of new wireless
headphones called AirPods stirred controversy among many fans.

Singtel was the first to open pre-registration at noon yesterday, followed by M1
and StarHub several hours later. All three telcos will be selling the new iPhone
7 and 7 Plus from Sept 16. Customers can also pre-order no-contract phones from
www.apple.com/sg from 3.01pm today. The iPhone 7 is priced at S$1,048.00 while
the iPhone 7 Plus is S$1,248.00. The phones will come in new colours, including
a shiny jet-black and matte black, in addition to the existing options of
silver, gold and rose gold.

Apple early yesterday morning unveiled the two new iPhones at a two-hour
conference in San Francisco.

The iPhone 7 comes in the same two forms - a 4.7-inch screen and a 5.5-inch Plus
option - that the iPhone has had since 2014, but several changes have been made.
These include water and dust resistance, and a major upgrade to its camera with
a dual-lens system on the iPhone 7 Plus that allows for improved long-range
photos. It also has an enhanced home button that lets users perform different
tasks depending on how hard they press it.

But the change that has upset some fans is the removal of the headphone jack - a
port that has been a fixture in consumer electronics for decades. Instead, the
iPhone 7 will be bundled with headphones that connect to the phone via the
Lightning charging connector.

Apple will sell optional US$159 (S$215) AirPods - wireless headphones that
include a microphone for hands-free calls. This update however, has been cause
for controversy, with a review in The Guardian likening the AirPods to a tampon
without a string.

"I won't be getting the new phone. The new wireless AirPods look very ugly ...
And, externally, there's no significant change from the iPhone 6," said Mr
Roland Tan, 43, who has an iPhone 6 Plus, with StarHub as his carrier.

On the other hand, there are customers such as Mr Danny Ho, 40, who are
attracted to the new iPhone. "I'm going to get the phone because of the new
features like the wireless earbuds and the new jet-black colour," he said. "I
won't be placing a pre-order, though. I'll wait a while first as normally the
first batch will have some problems. The second batch will be better as Apple
will troubleshoot and correct any issues." Mr Ho currently owns an iPhone 6s,
with Singtel as his carrier.

There will also be many who will stick with the iPhone, if for no other reason
than to avoid having to move their songs, movies and pictures off Apple devices
and embracing a fragmented Android apps marketplace.

Ms Nancy Chan, 36, simply wants a sturdy mobile phone. "I will be getting the
new iPhone, mainly because it's water resistant. I dropped my iPhone 6 in the
toilet and had to spend a lot of money to fix it," said Ms Chan, who has M1 as
her carrier. WITH AGENCIES

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 MediaCorp Press Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              604 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               TODAY (Singapore)

                             October 5, 2015 Monday
                                  APM Edition

New models come with more than just a cosmetic makeover

BYLINE: Raymond Tham

SECTION: ITC; Technology; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 691 words


SINGAPORE - By now, most Apple fans should know the drill: Last year, there were
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus; this year there are the "s" or upgraded versions.

Like a number of Apple customers, I tend to replace my iPhone in two-year
cycles. This is the first time, though, that I am seriously considering
upgrading my phone just a year after purchasing the 6.

Apple launched the new iPhones this year with an extremely bold statement: "The
only thing that has changed ... is everything". It is an exaggeration, but it
does underline the fact that the 6s is one of the biggest upgrades Apple has
ever made.

When I reviewed the new MacBook and the Apple Watch earlier this year, I said
that Apple was clearly trying to teach its users new habits, particularly with
Force Touch - utilising pressure sensors to allow for new interactions. The
re-education continues with the iPhone 6s.

The new 3D Touch on the 6s is an improvement on Force Touch, where you can
control your device by differing the amount of pressure you place on the screen.
It serves two primary functions. The first function, called Peek and Pop, is
similar to Quick Look on your Mac OS. It allows you to preview content without
actually opening the file or application. I found it particularly useful when
reading articles online. Instead of having to open a new page when there is a
related hyperlink, I can press down on my screen for a quick glimpse. This way
I'm not disrupting my reading experience. Peek and Pop also works well for
videos and third-party apps such as Instagram, allowing you to preview videos
without actually needing to open the file.

The other function, called Quick Actions, works more like a short cut. It allows
you, for instance, to post a photo or tweet without having to open your
Instagram and Twitter application.

Other apps that take advantage of 3D Touch include Evernote, WeChat, Shazam, and
Dropbox.

Apple-propriety apps such as Messages, Maps and Calendar, of course come with
quick actions, though we will still have to wait for the likes of Facebook to
get on board. 3D Touch is more responsive than Force Touch, although you still
need to take a while to get used to it.

FASTER, BETTER PERFORMANCE

The new iPhones now come equipped with the Apple-designed A9 chip, which
supposedly provides up to 70 per cent faster processor speeds and 90 per cent
better graphics performance than their predecessors. Benchmark tests show that
the new iPhones are as fast as some laptops, including the latest MacBooks.

I found that unlocking the phone with the Touch ID (fingerprint) sensor was near
instantaneous. Also, when I did a side-by-side comparison with the iPhone 6,
games such as Final Fantasy 7 opened half-a-second to a second faster. Battery
life is also impressive despite the fact that the 6s Plus has a smaller battery.
I got about nine hours of regular use on the 6s Plus, about 20 minutes less than
the 6 Plus.

BRINGING PHOTOS TO LIFE

The cameras on the 6s and 6s Plus have been enhanced. Both iPhones feature an
improved 12-megapixel rear camera and a 5-megapixel front-facing camera (up from
8-megapixels and 1.2-megapixels respectively).

The new iPhones also finally allow you to shoot videos in 4K. Be warned,
however, that file sizes for 4K videos are about two to three times larger than
HD quality. Additionally, only the 6s Plus comes with an optical image
stabiliser that helps to compensate for camera shake.

Perhaps the biggest introduction for the iPhone 6s camera is the Live Photos
feature. Instead of taking a normal still image, the phone can now record about
1.5s of animation along with your photo. It is definitely a cool new feature,
particularly with GIFs being so popular these days.

With its power, performance and new features, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are the
best iPhones yet and definitely worth the upgrade. It is almost a no-brainer if
you are using anything older than a 6.

The phones are fantastically built and brilliantly designed. They come in
silver, space grey, gold and the new rose gold colour (which is quite pink). You
can buy the new iPhones online or at authorised retailers from S$1,048 (without
contract).

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 MediaCorp Press Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              605 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                       June 14, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

HSBC Brings Apple Pay to Hong Kong Customers

LENGTH: 314  words


June 14 -- HSBC will bring its Hong Kong customers Apple Pay, which transforms
mobile payments with an easy, secure and private way to pay that's fast and
convenient, this summer. HSBC Visa and MasterCard cardholders will be able to
make payments conveniently using Apple Pay.

Greg Hingston, Head of Retail Banking and Wealth Management, Hong Kong, HSBC
said, "Innovative technology is bringing a wide range of benefits to retail
banking customers, changing the ways that they use banking services. We are
excited to be among the first banks in Hong Kong to enable our customers to use
Apple Pay, which provides customers with a fast, easy and secure way to complete
everyday shopping. As always, we are committed to providing simpler, better and
faster services for our customers, and offering Apple Pay is a great example of
that commitment."

Security and privacy is at the core of Apple Pay. When you use a credit card
with Apple Pay, the actual card numbers are not stored on the device, nor on
Apple servers. Instead, a unique Device Account Number is assigned, encrypted
and securely stored in the Secure Element on your device. Each transaction is
authorised with a one-time unique dynamic security code.

Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will continue to receive all of the
rewards and benefits offered by credit cards. In participating stores, Apple Pay
works with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone SE and
Apple Watch.

Online shopping in apps accepting Apple Pay is simple, without needing to
repeatedly fill out lengthy account forms or type in shipping and billing
information. When paying for goods and services within apps, Apple Pay is
compatible with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone SE,
iPad Air 2, iPad mini 3, iPad mini 4 and iPad Pro.

For more information on Apple Pay, visit: www.apple.com/hk/en/apple-pay/

Source: HSBC

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              606 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            December 21, 2015 Monday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Now, Apple Cuts Prices of Newest iPhones

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 344 words


Apple cut prices of its latest iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to 16% just
two months after their launch in India to boost flagging sales in what is
historically its most crucial quarter as demand for the flagship devices
nosedived from a Diwali high.

The price of the iPhone 6s 16 GB model, which was introduced at ' . 62,000 on
October 16, has fallen by 11-16% and now ranges between ' . 55,000, according to
four . 52,000 and ' large retailers who spoke to ET on condition of anonymity .
The price cuts are across all variants \xAD 16 GB, 64 GB and 128 GB -of both
models. The average difference in prices of all iPhone 6s and 6s Plus devices
between launch time and now is about 15%, a top executive at a national retailer
said.

The reduction also narrows the gap with prices of iPhone 6 devices launched

n 2014, making an upgrade more attrac ive for customers."The price difference
between the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s was a ot, so many customers are not willing
to upgrade to the new model," said a senior executive of another national
retailer.

This is the first time that the price of an Apple flagship has been brought down
within two months of launch, underlining concerns around the initial pricing,
said Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at Counterpoint Technology Market Research.
Apple declined to comment on the matter.

Apple had introduced the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus at ' '92,000, about ' . 62,000-.
. 8,000' 9,500 more than launch prices of iPhone

6 and 6 Plus. The models were ' . 14,000. 16,000 costlier than those available
in ' the US, Middle East and Hong Kong, raising concerns that demand would be
hurt.

Apple imported almost 320,000 of the latest iPhones in October in India, the
world's fastest-growing smartphone market, sparking hopes of its best ever
quarter. Shipments have slumped since then and the latest data suggests that
imports of the new models fell 62% to 120,000 in November.

The latest price cuts come after Apple iPhone 5s prices were slashed for the
third time in three months, now starting at . 24,999, almost half its September
price.'

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              607 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            October 7, 2014 Tuesday
                                 Mumbai Edition

New iPhones start from Rs. 54k in India

SECTION: TIMES BUSINESS

LENGTH: 128 words


The Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available in India beginning
midnight on Friday, October 17, from authorized resellers Ingram Micro,
Redington, Rashi Peripherals and Reliance.

The two iPhone models are different in terms of their size. The iPhone 6 has a
4.7inch (1334x750px) screen, while the iPhone 6 Plus has a 5.5-inch
(1920x1080px) display .

Both have an 8MP rear camera and a 1.2MP front shooter; support 2G, 3G and 4G
network, and run on the new iOS 8 operating system.

The iPhone 6 will be available at Rs 53,500 (16GB), Rs 62,500 (64GB) and Rs
71,500 (128GB). The Apple iPhone Plus will retail at Rs 62,500 (16GB), Rs 71,500
and Rs 80,500 (128GB).

Cashless pre-orders open October 7 at all Apple flagship stores, channel
partners and premium resellers.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              608 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                          September 27, 2014 Saturday

Upgrade habit creates a connection

BYLINE: Myles Hume

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 295 words


Queuing to claim the country's first wave of iPhones has become a social
occasion for Paul Francis and Ben Austin.

The Christchurch pair remain in touch on social media and their paths cross
occasionally but what remains constant is their annual catch-up when the latest
iPhone hits the shelves.

Yesterday was no different.

Francis, who owns an IT support business, and Austin, a property developer,
queued outside the Westfield Riccarton Spark store to be among the first in the
city to claim an iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus.

As Francis departed, he told Austin: "I'll see you next year."

Francis, a self-confessed Apple fanatic, has previously owned six versions of
the device and was excited to upgrade his iPhone 5.

He was impressed by the bigger screen, which could replace his iPad at work.

Canterbury Polytechnic Institute of Technology student Kieran May was the first
Christchurch Spark customer to get his hands on the new device.

The 19-year-old said he would pick up extra shifts at his Countdown job during
the holiday break to pay for what will be his fifth iPhone.

"I always upgrade every year. I'm one of those people that can't resist the
temptation of new technology, so this year I thought I won't stop the
tradition."

Riccarton Spark store manager Sandro Ribeiro expected about 90 iPhone 6 and 10
iPhone 6 Plus devices would sell yesterday and did not expect any of the limited
stock to be left.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Hit for six: Property investor Ben Austin, left, and Paul Francis, with their
queue place-holders during the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus launch at the Spark
store in Westfield Riccarton.

Picture: JOHN KIRK-ANDERSON/FAIRFAX NZ

Number One: Student Kieran May, 19, was first to march into the Spark store in
Westfield Riccarton to claim his iPhone 6.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              609 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             June 1, 2016 Wednesday

Apple Pay coming to UOB's customers offering an easy, secure and private way to
pay

LENGTH: 435 words

DATELINE: New York



 Singapore: UOB today brings its customers Apple Pay, which is transforming
mobile payments with an easy, secure and private way to pay that's fast and
convenient.

 UOB offers cardmembers unparalleled freedom to pay for everyday goods and
services, in line with the Bank's aim to champion the adoption of contactless
payment in Singapore and to encourage a cashless society.



 The introduction of Apple Pay gives close to two million UOB cardmembers the
ability to make payments conveniently at 15,000 contactless locations in
Singapore. UOB cardmembers simply add their UOB credit or debit card to Wallet
on their iPhone, iPad or Apple Watch and continue to receive all of the usual
rewards and benefits associated with using their UOB cards. Payments made
through Apple Pay have no limit other than the customer's own credit or debit
card limit.

 To reward customers for spending with Apple Pay, UOB is offering the first
10,000 cardmembers S$10 off their first Apple Pay transaction. UOB cardmembers
simply have to add their UOB cards to Apple Pay and start tapping to pay. A $10
refund will be credited back to their accounts.

 Security and privacy are at the core of Apple Pay. When you use a credit or
debit card with Apple Pay, the actual card numbers are not stored on the device
or on Apple servers. Instead, a unique Device Account Number is assigned,
encrypted and securely stored in the Secure Element on your device. Each
transaction is authorised with a one-time unique dynamic security code.

 "Payments for everyday purchases from getting lunch to grocery shopping to
topping up on petrol just got much faster and easier thanks to Apple Pay.
Singaporean consumers are often time-starved and appreciate the convenience that
technology brings. The introduction of Apple Pay to UOB cardmembers means they
can now enjoy secure contactless payments with their iPhone, iPad or Apple
Watch," said Mr Dennis Khoo, Head of Personal Financial Services Singapore, UOB.

 Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will continue to receive all of the
rewards and benefits offered by credit and debit cards. In stores, Apple Pay
works with iPhone SE, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and
Apple Watch.

 Online shopping via apps accepting Apple Pay is as simple as the touch of a
finger with Touch ID, so there's no need to manually fill out lengthy account
forms or repeatedly type in shipping and billing information. When paying for
goods and services within apps, Apple Pay is compatible with iPhone SE, iPhone
6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air 2, iPad mini 3, iPad mini
4 and iPad Pro.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              610 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                      August 29, 2016 Monday 09:40 AM EST

iPhone 6s owners won't care if the iPhone 7 is faster

BYLINE: Steven Max Patterson

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 644  words


Click for image

iPhone 6s users won't care that the iPhone 7 will be much faster. Its A10 SoC
that will power the iPhone 7 will be much faster based on projecting the
Geekbench3 benchmarks of the A10's predecessors by Primate Labs. On average, the
A10 could be 50% faster than the A9. But for most apps, iPhone 6s users won't
perceive the speed.

Benchmarks don't matter, Visual Reaction Time does

Benchmarks like the one run by Primate Labs below are useful for comparing
processors but not application performance. Benchmarks do not account for the
user's interaction with the device. The A10 performance projections were made
based on the average incremental performance improvement of A6 through A9.

How Visual Response Time was measured

YouTube game reviewer Mad Matt TV posted two videos showing speed comparisons
between the iPhone 6 Plus and the iPhone 6s Plus: one that compared the
execution time of various apps, and the other that showed the time for the
fingerprint reader Touch-Id to unlock both devices. There's no question that in
most tests the 6s Plus won, but except for a few apps, users won't perceive the
difference.

The chart at the top of the story compares the difference in load times of the
apps on the iPhone 6s Plus to its predecessor the 6 Plus. The comparison of the
performance of the iPhone 6 and 6s can be expected to be very close. The
difference is measured by comparing the completion times of the app load times
in the videos measured in hundredths of seconds. To give the response times
context , the red line represents the mean visual reaction time (331
milliseconds, or about one-third of a second; 331 milliseconds was cited as the
mean visual reaction time in a paper titled Comparison between Auditory and
Visual Simple Reaction Times in Neuroscience & Medicine.) Visual reaction time
is the time to perceive a visual stimulus and react, which researchers generally
peg at 300 to 500 milliseconds. If you want to explore this idea further, you
can test your visual reaction time on this website.

The performance differences in three apps were below the visual reaction time,
and two more were near the visual reaction time. Only three apps, Apple App
Store, Apple Maps and Angry Birds ran perceptively faster.

With a few exceptions such as high-end games, app developers don't build apps to
take advantage of the fastest, newest phones. Quite the contrary, they optimize
apps to run well on most phones shipped during the last two years. A recent
visit to Facebook's automated mobile testing lab showed how Facebook monitors
and tests new software releases to make sure that performance doesn't become
sluggish or battery draining.

+ ALSO ON NETWORK WORLD iPhone 7 rumored to feature fast-charging capability +

There is too much competition among app developers to let app performance drift
because users will uninstall the offending app and install a better performing
one like it. In most cases, the speed and performance differences between the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s are barely perceptible. The performance of the iPhone 7
compared to the iPhone 6s will probably be the same, meaning iPhone 6s users
will need other incentives than performance to upgrade.

Apple will need to offer other incentives to motivate iPhone 6s users to upgrade

The iPhone 7, like its predecessors, will be beautifully designed. The new
design and probably a new color will show that a user has bought the newest most
fashionable iPhone. Buying an iPhone 7 is a waste of money for iPhone 6s users
unless they have opted into the one-year upgrade plan when they bought the
iPhone 6s.

On Sept. 7, Apple will tout the A10's feature size shrink to 14-nm, faster clock
rate, and benchmarks, not the barely imperceptible app performance compared to
its predecessor. Apple isn't growing the number of users of its phones, so it
has to convince them to upgrade.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              611 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                                January 8, 2015

China buys more iPhones than US for first time

LENGTH: 244  words


Strong demand for Apple's latest iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus smartphones has
helped the Chinese market outsell the United States for the first time,
according to tech news hub pingwest.com citing a report from investment banking
firm UBS.

BEIJING -- Strong demand for Apple's latest iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus
smartphones has helped the Chinese market outsell the United States for the
first time, according to tech news hub pingwest.com citing a report from
investment banking firm UBS.

Steven Milunovich, an analyst with UBS, said iPhone demand saw outsized growth
in China and China could constitute as much as 35 percent of shipments in the
last quarter of 2014, way higher than the 24 percent ratio of the US market.
During the same period last year, China's market share was 22 percent.

Apple only began selling iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus in the China market on Oct
17, but Chinese consumers' preference for larger sized phones made the devices
the most popular sold in China. Orders reached 10 million within three days
after the initial sell date on JD.com, a major e-commerce platform.

The UBS report estimates Apple sold 69.3 million iPhones in the last quarter of
2014, a new quarter record.

Apple CEO Tim Cook said during a trip to China in October that "it's just a
matter of time" before China "becomes Apple's biggest revenue contributor." Cook
also said Apple would increase its number of Apple retail stores in China from
15 to 40 in the next few years.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              612 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            January 8, 2015 Thursday

China buys more iPhones than US for first time

LENGTH: 244  words


Strong demand for Apple's latest iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus smartphones has
helped the Chinese market outsell the United States for the first time,
according to tech news hub pingwest.com citing a report from investment banking
firm UBS.

BEIJING -- Strong demand for Apple's latest iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus
smartphones has helped the Chinese market outsell the United States for the
first time, according to tech news hub pingwest.com citing a report from
investment banking firm UBS.

Steven Milunovich, an analyst with UBS, said iPhone demand saw outsized growth
in China and China could constitute as much as 35 percent of shipments in the
last quarter of 2014, way higher than the 24 percent ratio of the US market.
During the same period last year, China's market share was 22 percent.

Apple only began selling iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus in the China market on Oct
17, but Chinese consumers' preference for larger sized phones made the devices
the most popular sold in China. Orders reached 10 million within three days
after the initial sell date on JD.com, a major e-commerce platform.

The UBS report estimates Apple sold 69.3 million iPhones in the last quarter of
2014, a new quarter record.

Apple CEO Tim Cook said during a trip to China in October that "it's just a
matter of time" before China "becomes Apple's biggest revenue contributor." Cook
also said Apple would increase its number of Apple retail stores in China from
15 to 40 in the next few years.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              613 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 The Irish News

                          September 27, 2014 Saturday

Apologetic Apple issues fix for iPhone software glitch

SECTION: Pg. 13

LENGTH: 300 words


A contrite Apple has released a new update that the company says will repair the
problems caused by software it released earlier, repeating an apology to owners
of its newest iPhones affected by the bug.

The tech giant had scrambled to fix the software glitch that left some of its
new iPhones unable to make calls, but some analysts say Apple's response to the
high-profile gaffe may be more important than the fault itself.

Some said Apple was doing the right thing by quickly acknowledging and
apologising for the problem - which it was slower to do with earlier iPhone
glitches.

"There's a certain perception that Apple has to get things right and when they
don't, the whole company gets questioned," said Carolina Milanesi, chief of
research at Kantar Worldpanel.

"But they came out and said, 'We apologise; we're working 24/7 to fix it'. I
think that's what matters."

Apple's stock fell nearly 4 per cent yesterday, leading a broader decline in
technology shares, a day after the company was forced to withdraw an update to
its new iOS 8 mobile software because of glitches that primarily affected
customers who had purchased its new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models.

The 6 Plus phone has also been the subject of social media reports that its
extra-large shell is vulnerable to bending.

Apple yesterday defended its manufacturing standards and said bending "is
extremely rare" with normal use of an iPhone. The company said just nine
customers had contacted Apple to report a bent iPhone 6 Plus since they went on
sale.

Hours later Apple released a new update, dubbed iOS 8.0.2, which it said would
fix the problems caused by the iOS 8.0.1 update that it released on Wednesday.

"We apologise for inconveniencing the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus users who were
impacted by the bug in iOS 8.0.1," the company said.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The Irish News Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              614 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                           September 15, 2014 Monday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Apple sees record demand for new iPhones

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 356 words


Apple on Monday said it had received record pre-orders for its new iPhone
models, and that some customers will have to wait for the larger-screen versions
of the smartphones.

The California tech giant said more than four million pre-orders were received
in the 24 hours after the new devices went on sale last Friday.

"Demand for the new iPhones exceeds the initial pre-order supply and while a
significant amount will be delivered to customers beginning on Friday and
throughout September, many iPhone pre-orders are scheduled to be delivered in
October," Apple said in a statement.

Apple last week unveiled the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, in a move aimed at
satisfying consumer preference for bigger smartphone displays.

The announcement means Apple may see shortages and long lines at its retail
stores when sales begin on Friday.

"Pre-orders for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus set a new record for Apple, and we
can't wait to get our best iPhones yet into the hands of customers starting this
Friday," Apple chief executive Tim Cook said in the statement.

Sales are set to open at 8 am local time in the US, Australia, Canada, France,
Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and Britain. Some 20 more
countries will get the iPhone September 26.

Some of the new iPhones will also be available from carriers and other
retailers.

Apple last Tuesday unveiled its first smartwatch and two large-screen versions
of the iPhone, in a move to recapture its role as a trend-setter.

Apple added in a new mobile wallet that will allow consumers to simply tap their
phones to pay retailers.

New iPhone 6 models boost screen sizes in what some see as the company catching
up to a "phablet" trend combining features of smartphones and tablets.

The frenzy at Apple's website on Friday indicated that in the eyes of myriad
iPhone lovers, bigger is indeed better.

Apple's main rival Samsung has long had a range of larger handsets and has tried
to market a smartwatch of its own.

The iPhone 6 will have a screen of 4.7 inches and the 6-Plus will be 5.5 inches,
allowing Apple to adapt to consumers' apparent preference for bigger displays.

bur-rl/jm

APPLE INC.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2014 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              615 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            January 8, 2015 Thursday

China buys more iPhones than US for first time

LENGTH: 244  words


Strong demand for Apple's latest iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus smartphones has
helped the Chinese market outsell the United States for the first time,
according to tech news hub pingwest.com citing a report from investment banking
firm UBS.

<p>BEIJING -- Strong demand for Apple's latest iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus
smartphones has helped the Chinese market outsell the United States for the
first time, according to tech news hub pingwest.com citing a report from
investment banking firm UBS.

Steven Milunovich, an analyst with UBS, said iPhone demand saw outsized growth
in China and China could constitute as much as 35 percent of shipments in the
last quarter of 2014, way higher than the 24 percent ratio of the US market.
During the same period last year, China's market share was 22 percent.

Apple only began selling iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus in the China market on Oct
17, but Chinese consumers' preference for larger sized phones made the devices
the most popular sold in China. Orders reached 10 million within three days
after the initial sell date on JD.com, a major e-commerce platform.

The UBS report estimates Apple sold 69.3 million iPhones in the last quarter of
2014, a new quarter record.

Apple CEO Tim Cook said during a trip to China in October that "it's just a
matter of time" before China "becomes Apple's biggest revenue contributor." Cook
also said Apple would increase its number of Apple retail stores in China from
15 to 40 in the next few years.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              616 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                    September 10, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6 Plus Review: Apple's first phablet proudly stands out in the
crowd

LENGTH: 1179  words


Apple CEO, Tim Cook has launched the new Iphone 6 devices (Iphone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus to the world yesterday.

With the new devices that echo a totally new design that is different from the
previous iPhones in the past and new added features to the iOS 8 operating
system Apple.Inc has confirmed that it is evolving and trying to innovate faster
than others could think.

This year Apple launched its first phablet in the market, the 5.5 inch iPhone
Plus. The phablet not only marks the first from Apple till date but also
supports landscape mode viewing, blurring the lines between a tablet and a
phone.

The phablet has been priced at starts at $299 for the 16GB and goes up to $499
for the 128GB variant  on two year contract. For contract free deal one would be
asked to pay $749 for the iPhone 6 Plus, which is priced higher than the
previous generation iPhone models in India

The Plus has been prices at INR 45,648 (a translation of $740 at an exchange
rate of USD 1.00 = INR 60.94) Do note that the prices will be more when the
handset will come to India.

Today we bring you whether you should wait for this plus sized phablet to land
in India in the middle of October this year for a purchase, or should you skip
this one. We bring you what the major publishing houses are saying about this
phablet .

Form factor

If you look at the form factor Apple has gone generic  with its curved sides
that makes it easy to hold and not-so premium looks. The thickness is 7.1 mm
which is less than the 10.3 mm HTC One Max (with a 5.9 inch display screen) and
Samsung Galaxy Note 4 which stands with 8.5 mm thinness with a display size of
5.7 inches. And the full HD display of 1920 x 1980 pixels resolution works the
magic.

This phablet isn't really easy to use with one hand but yes it is "definitely
easy to hold with one hand" and the rounded display feels great, opines
AnandTech.

"The larger screen provides a massive, meaningful improvement in user
experience," says Telegraph

Processor

On processor front there is a 64-bit A8 beast in the handset that is coupled
with a separate Motion processor and 2 GB RAM for faster processing. The 64-bit
processor debut on Apple phones last year and were able to kickstart revolution
on processors.

"But even despite the new processor, reasons to upgrade to the new iPhone over
last year are harder to find. The improved speed and graphics gains don't seem
as dramatic as last year's A7 on paper", says Cnet.

Camera

There is 8 megapixel camera on the new iPhones with true tone flash. Apple has
changed its bar like flash light for a rounded flash light. It has an aperture
of f/2.2 and supports 1.5 micron pixels. The iSight camera according to Phil is
a "next generation" camera with a focus pixel.

The core specs have been maintained as it is, while the company has prepped up
the sensors in the camera and added near features to the camera app.

The iPhone 6 Plus camera has got optical image stabilization (OIS). The first
samples from the camera that has come up are breathtaking. But, we will wait for
hands-on review of the camera of the new phone once it is available in stores.
(Look at the sample picture on the left side; Credit: PhoneArena)

What the OIS does to the camera is that it changes stabilizes the image
projected on the sensor before the sensor converts the image into digital
information. Thereby it offers better still images.

For video shooting there is continuous autofocus that promises better focus
throughout the video.  That means if your subject moved the image stabilization
and autofocus of the camera gets into action to keep the images in good 'focus
quality. So you are saved of unfocused, hazy looking images of your family when
planning an outdoor trip.

iOS 8

This has been the main focus of Apple this time. The Cupertino company has been
improving the iOS 8 even after its release in WWDC this year.

Besides boosting cloud security, Apple has added a lot of useful features to the
iOS 8. There is new keyboard and whatspp-like messaging service on the iPhones
(which definitely sounds impressive and ready to take on any free messaging
services).

iOS brings a number of improvements to the iMessage service to offer IM
apps-like interactive interface. Apple's messaging app now allows sending short
voice messages as well as small short video from within the messaging app, like
one does in apps like WhatsApp. Users 'can simply touch and hold the new
microphone button to record the message. Then swipe to send it.' In addition to
that, Apple has introduced the do not disturb feature in the group messaging.
Also, one can share multiple photos and videos at a time or can share their
location via messages.

Plus we loved the voice over LTE networks making your video chats better than
ever.  And yes, the main attraction is making voice calls possible over Wi-Fi
which Android have not been able to do other than an Android apps like
Talktatone, WiCall that supports voice call via Wi-Fi. On Android GTalk lets you
keep in touch with others. This particular feature will depend on support from
network provider.

The Health focus has been refined as the iOS 8 brings health based services
named Health app along with HealthKit API for developers.

Like the "Ok Google", Apple has included "Hey Siri" in the Siri voice assistant
making it easy for people to migrate from Android to iSO 8 this year.

Apple Pay

The mobile wallet has been given the shape of Apple Pay and have been integrated
with NFC and fingerprint scanner, so that you can make payments via NFC on using
popular gateway channels like Master card, Visa and American Express. Apple has
gone into agreements with retail joints, food joints to make it possible for
people to pay at wide payment points.

If you have the passbook app on your phone you can also make payments via this.
The app will let you click pic of your credit/debit card and add to the
passbook.

But be sure though the payment gateways are there in India, Apple has not
clarified anything about Apple Pay outside the US. Given this comes into India,
this will definitely motivate many to get the new iPhone Plus.

Verdict

If you've been waiting since the 5, crave a larger screen, or want to try Apple
Pay, the iPhone 6 handsets have it. Plus, you can't beat that excellent design.
But keep in mind that these new devices are more like evolutions from the
previous generation, and not exactly major leaps in the phone landscape, Cnet
says.

Telegraph correctly points out the features (software features) that Apple is
bring to the iPhone 6 Plus should have been on the iPhone 4 or 5 "to stop the
Android tide in its tracks." "Coming now, however, it simply reasserts Apple's
dominance ahead of the chasing pack. Samsung ain't taking over quite yet", say
the report.

Launch date in India

The handset is expected to come to India in the middle of October (17th October
confirmed by Apple) and is expected to come in two options of contract-free
phones and on-contract phones. We will bring you all the details and in-depth
review of the handset when it comes to India. Stay tuned to Dailybhaskar.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              617 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                          September 9, 2015 Wednesday

Good for kids and audiophiles

BYLINE: Trevor Tan

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 622 words


Is there still a need for a dedicated Wi-Fi-only music player, when smartphones
are now being commonly used as music devices? Apple, which recently refreshed
its iPod touch music player, thinks so.

The sixth-generation iPod touch looks exactly like its predecessor from 2012,
except it no longer sports the pop-up catch for a wrist strap. And so, no wrist
strap is included too.

The main upgrades are in the innards. It now comes with an Apple A8 processor
and am M8 motion co-processor - the same processors found in iPhone 6 and 6
Plus.

Both the rear and front cameras have been upgraded to match the megapixel count
of the ones found in the iPhone 6. However, the iPod touch's rear camera has a
maximum aperture of f/2.4 compared to the iPhone 6's larger f/2.2.

It comes in the familiar colour options of space grey, silver, pink, red and
blue, plus a new gold finish which replaces the yellow option.

TECH SPECS   PRICE: $278 (16GB), $348 (32GB), $398 (64GB), $588 (128GB,
available only on Apple Online Store)

OPERATING SYSTEM: iOS 8.4

PROCESSOR: Apple A8 chip with 64-bit architecture, M8 motion coprocessor

DISPLAY: 4-inch (1,136 x 640 pixels)

CAMERA: 8-megapixel rear camera f/2.4, 1.2-megapixel front camera f/2.2

CONNECTIVITY: Bluetooth, Wi-Fi

WEIGHT: 88g

RATING   FEATURES: 3/5

DESIGN: 4/5

PERFORMANCE: 4/5

BATTERY LIFE: 3/5

VALUE FOR MONEY: 4/5

OVERALL: 4/5

The device has the same four-inch display, 6.1mm thickness and 88g weight of its
predecessor. It is still great to hold with its aluminium shell. But having used
my iPhone 6 Plus for nearly a year, the iPod touch now feels pitifully small.

It lacks the Touch ID fingerprint sensor and Global Positioning System (GPS).

Not having GPS is, I feel, a lost opportunity, as this compact device would have
allowed fitness apps to track runs and bike rides.

Despite having the same A8 processor, the new iPod touch is slower than the
iPhone 6. In the Geekbench 3 benchmark tests, the iPod touch scored 1,383
(single-core) and 2,442 (multi-core), while the iPhone 6 scored 1,625
(single-core) and 2,921 (multi-core).

However, it took the iPod touch around the same time (about 9sec) as the iPhone
6 to load the Infinity Blade III game. Playing high-performance games, such as
Infinity Blade III and Implosion, is also smooth and lag-free.

Autofocusing (AF) of the iPod touch's camera is quick for a music player, and
lags behind the iPhone 6 Plus by only 0.5sec in dim conditions. AF is almost
instant in bright sunlight.

The pictures taken by the camera pack great details, but colours seem slightly
washed out and images lack the sharpness of my iPhone 6 Plus. Still, the iPod
touch is a nice camera for its size.

In our battery life test, in which a 720p video is looped at full brightness and
full volume with Wi-Fi on, the iPod touch lasted 4hr 45min. By comparison, the
iPhone 6 clocked 6hr 55min.

So who might find a use for the iPod touch'

If you already have an iPhone, you might want to wait for the next one which is
expected to be announced tomorrow.

But if you are, say, an app developer, the iPod touch (2015) is the cheapest new
iOS device (from only $278) you can buy for testing.

Parents who want to get a cheap iOS device for their kids to play the numerous
games and education apps on the iTunes store should look at the iPod touch. It
is not going to break the bank. Better this than that iPad.

Even if you are none of the above, an iPod touch is going to save your
smartphone plenty of battery life when you listen to music with this device
during daily commutes or long-haul flights.


o Verdict: For those who need a dedicated music player, the Apple iPod touch
(2015) is a sleek gadget with a good camera, as well as being an affordable
entry-level iOS device.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              618 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                 Charity Mobile

                                P.O. Box 531640
                             Cincinnati,  OH 45253
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.charitymobile.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Charity Mobile currently offers new iPhone 5s, iPhone 6s, and iPhone 6s Plus
models, and can also provide talk, messaging, and data services for certain
versions of the following models:   â¢ iPhone 4 â¢ iPhone 4s â¢ iPhone 5 â¢
iPhone 5c â¢ iPhone 5s â¢ iPhone 6 â¢ iPhone 6 Plus â¢ iPhone 6s â¢ iPhone 6s
Plus   We are unable to provide services for the original iPhone, iPhone 3G, and
iPhone 3GS models at this time.  If you own an existing iPhone model, it may be
compatible with our service. To determine compatibility, please call us
toll-free at 1-877-474-3662, or e-mail us at support@charitymobile.com.  Click
here to return to the Support section.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              619 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

Apple iPhone 7 Plus' listing reveals key processor details

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 281 words


NEW DELHI: Even as we are just days away from Apple's September 7 event where
the company is expected to launch its newest iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
smartphones, the leaks and rumours just don't seem to stop. And this time, the
unannounced iPhone 7 Plus has hit Geekbench smartphone benchmarking website. The
benchmark listing has revealed some key specifications of the smartphone.As per
the listing, iPhone 7 Plus will run iOS 10.1 out-of-the-box and will be powered
by a dual-core processor . It is rumoured that the new models will feature
Apple's newest A10 processor, along with 2GB of RAM.The benchmarking website
lists the upcoming smartphone's single-core and multi-core performance scores.

The iPhone 7 Plus scores 3379 in single-core performance,a significant increase
over the iPhone 6s Plus' 2526. It is also more than the score achieved by the
Exynos-powered variant of the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 - 2067. The 'highlight' of
the upcoming iPhone 7 models is likely to be the omission of the 3.5mm audio
jack. It's expected to be replaced by the Lightning port, and the company might
also introduce Bluetooth-enabled EarPods .New Beats by Dre products are also
rumoured to launch at the Apple keynote event. It is still unclear what kinds of
Beats products will be unveiled, but the brand is known for a variety of
headphones and portable Bluetooth speakers. Apple acquired Beats for $3 billion
in 2014.Another highlight is expected to be the iPhone 7 Plus' dual rear camera
setup. The dual cameras are expected to bring more post-clicking features and
greater flexibility in adjusting the depth of field of images after they have
been clicked.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              620 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

Apple iPhone 7 Plus' listing reveals key processor details

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 281 words


NEW DELHI: Even as we are just days away from Apple's September 7 event where
the company is expected to launch its newest iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
smartphones, the leaks and rumours just don't seem to stop. And this time, the
unannounced iPhone 7 Plus has hit Geekbench smartphone benchmarking website. The
benchmark listing has revealed some key specifications of the smartphone.As per
the listing, iPhone 7 Plus will run iOS 10.1 out-of-the-box and will be powered
by a dual-core processor . It is rumoured that the new models will feature
Apple's newest A10 processor, along with 2GB of RAM.The benchmarking website
lists the upcoming smartphone's single-core and multi-core performance scores.

The iPhone 7 Plus scores 3379 in single-core performance,a significant increase
over the iPhone 6s Plus' 2526. It is also more than the score achieved by the
Exynos-powered variant of the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 - 2067. The 'highlight' of
the upcoming iPhone 7 models is likely to be the omission of the 3.5mm audio
jack. It's expected to be replaced by the Lightning port, and the company might
also introduce Bluetooth-enabled EarPods .New Beats by Dre products are also
rumoured to launch at the Apple keynote event. It is still unclear what kinds of
Beats products will be unveiled, but the brand is known for a variety of
headphones and portable Bluetooth speakers. Apple acquired Beats for $3 billion
in 2014.Another highlight is expected to be the iPhone 7 Plus' dual rear camera
setup. The dual cameras are expected to bring more post-clicking features and
greater flexibility in adjusting the depth of field of images after they have
been clicked.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              621 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Apple goes from record-breaking worldwide sales to multiple iPhone 6 stumbles

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 527 words


Bloomberg

San Francisco

Apple chief executive officer Tim Cook called the introduction of the iPhone 6
and 6 Plus over the weekend the "best launch ever". He may have spoken too soon.

Just three days after announcing that Apple had sold a record 10 million new
iPhones over the opening weekend, Cook was faced with multiple snafus related to
the bigger-screen handsets. The company pulled a new mobile-software update,
dubbed iOS 8.0.1, after the program caused some people to lose cellular service
on Wednesday. Scores of consumers also took to social media to criticise the 6
Plus and how it can bend if sat on or if enough pressure is placed upon it.

The stumbles blemished what had been a carefully choreographed product unveiling
that was meant to put Cook's stamp on Apple. Executives at the company had for
months teased the introduction of the new iPhones before finally debuting them
on September 9. The devices had spurred a frenzy of demand, with pre-orders
topping 4 million, the record weekend sales and a thriving grey market for the
smartphones in China and elsewhere.

Now Cook's rollout of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus is marred, recalling incidents
that the CEO has faced with other product debuts. Last year, Cook apologised for
the iPhone's warranty and repair policies in China after receiving criticism
from state-run media over customer service in the market. In 2012, Cook also
said he was sorry for Apple's malfunctioning mapping software, which was faulted
for misguided directions and inaccurate landmark locations.

The new iPhones are crucial to Apple. The devices generate more than half of the
company's annual $171 billion (Bt5.5 trillion) in revenue and precede a swathe
of other products, including new iPads, an Apple Watch and a mobile-payments
system called Apple Pay.

Yet while Cook deals with consumer criticism over his handling of the iPhone
rollout, the issues may have little impact on Apple's sales. Demand for the new
handsets has the company poised to sell more than 61 million iPhones in the
December quarter, surpassing last year's record 51 million sold, according to
Barclays.

Sales are also set to pick up, not decelerate, as the new iPhones become
available in more countries. On September 19, the first day the handsets went on
sale in stores, Apple rolled them out in 10 countries. The company is set to
introduce the gadgets in another 22 countries today. In total, the iPhones will
be in 115 countries by the end of the year, Apple has said.

Still, some consumers are thinking twice about buying the devices in the wake of
Wednesday's problems.

The popular tide turned against the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus earlier this week
when reports began emerging that the larger model was bending when people sat on
it. Rivals including BlackBerry's chief executive officer John Chen took a jab
at the iPhone, saying he "would challenge you guys to bend our Passport device".

That was followed by reports from users that the iOS 8 software upgrade, which
had been issued to address previous software bugs and add the health and
fitness-monitoring application HealthKit, was causing some customers to
experience dropped cellphone service.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              622 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           September 12, 2014 Friday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Samsung Plans Two Premium Devices To Counter Apple's iPhone 6, 6 Plus

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 600 words


South Korean phonemaker Samsung, which has been losing market share to rivals in
India, is gearing up to launch two premium devices - the Galaxy Alpha and Galaxy
Note 4 - to take on the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

The company has started talking to distributors and retailers to launch these
devices in time for Diwali, ahead of the launch of the Apple devices in October.

Unlike previous Samsung phones that were clad in a plastic body, these will be
the first Samsung phones with an external metal casing, something that iPhones
have had for long.

Priced a little over . `40,000 a piece, the Galaxy Alpha is expected to be
cheaper than the new iPhone 6 but will have better features, an offline
distributor briefed on Samsung's plans said.

The Galaxy Alpha, showcased by Samsung last month, has a partial metallic body,
4.7-inch screen and a top-of-theline processor. It's the company's bet against
iPhone 6 in the premium segment.

Samsung also announced the allnew Galaxy Note 4 with a 5.7-inch screen at IFA,
the consumer electronics show in Berlin earlier this month.

While Samsung has had big screen phones for a long time, the iPhone 6 Plus would
be Apple's first such big device.

Apple's iPhones have traditionally been smaller in size.

In 2010, when Apple was selling the iPhone 4, its iconic founder Steve Jobs had
mocked rivals making big phones by saying that people won't buy phones if they
couldn't even wrap their hands around them.

Tim Cook, who took over Apple after Jobs' untimely death three years ago, has
positioned the new iPhone 6 devices as phones that are "bigger than bigger".

Samsung didn't pass over the opportunity to take a dig at Apple. The South
Korean company tweeted on Wednesday: "Big improvements and innovation come with
change - even they thought so." Samsung also released a graphic which actually
quoted Steve Jobs: "No one is going to buy a big phone." It went on to add,
"Guess who surprised themselves and changed their minds." With nearly 28% market
share, Samsung is the largest selling smartphone brand in the country. It is
followed by homegrown Micromax.

However, in the premium segment, Samsung faces a very stiff competition from
Apple's iPhone.

by Samsung last month, has a par tial metallic body, 4.7-inch screen and a
top-of-the line processor. It's the company's bet against iPhone 6 in the
premium segment.

Samsung also an nounced the all new Galaxy Note 4 with a 5.7-inch screen at IFA,
the consumer elec tronics show in Berlin earlier this month.

While Samsung has had big screen phones for a long time, the iPhone 6 Plus would
be Apple's first such big device.

Apple's iPhones have traditionally been smaller in size.

In 2010, when Apple was selling the iPhone 4, its iconic founder Steve Jobs had
mocked rivals making big phones by saying that people won't buy phones if they
couldn't even wrap their hands around them.

Tim Cook, who took over Apple after Jobs' untimely death three years ago, has
positioned the new iPhone 6 devices as phones that are "bigger than bigger".

Samsung didn't pass over the opportunity to take a dig at Apple. The South
Korean company tweeted on Wednesday: "Big improvements and innovation come with
change -even they thought so."

Samsung also released a graphic which actually quoted Steve Jobs: "No one is
going to buy a big phone." It went on to add, "Guess who surprised themselves
and changed their minds."

With nearly 28% market share, Samsung is the largest selling smartphone brand in
the country. It is followed by homegrown Micromax.

However, in the premium segment, Samsung faces a very stiff competition from
Apple's iPhone.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              623 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            October 19, 2014 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

With phones, how big is too big?

BYLINE: Omar L. Gallaga; for the AJC

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 15E

LENGTH: 877 words


Does size really matter? Do we really need everything to be bigger?

These are questions that have reverberated through history, and for about 2 1/2
weeks now, since Apple introduced to shoppers the iPhone 6 Plus.

If the traditional, iconic iPhone is the Honda Accord of smartphones ---
ubiquitous, compact and utilitarian --- this new super-sized gadget is just shy
of a Hummer. It's large, wide and tall, and though it's much thinner than you
might expect (the 6 Plus is flattened down to coaster proportions), there's no
getting over that huge expanse of visual real estate on its surface. You could
eat dinner off it.

The previous top-of-the-line iPhone, the 5S, had a screen that was 4 inches,
measured diagonally. The 6 Plus is 5.5 inches. An inch and a half doesn't seem
that much larger, but in everyday use, held in the hand, jammed into purses and
pockets, the dimensional difference is huge. It's a big phone. It's a
significant size. It changes things.

Using an iPhone 6 Plus borrowed briefly from AT&T, I put my 5S phone aside to
temporarily live large.

The first thing I noticed, taking it out of the substantial white Apple box, was
that the device seems to employ some kind of sorcery that makes you think it's
much smaller on first view than you expected. That may be because of its
thinness. In the hands, it feels light and sleek, with rounded edges.

Those edges (really, a lack of edges) made me extremely nervous. The gold model
I tried out has no grip to it. Taking photos with the phone, I always felt I was
about to have it slip from my hands and shatter on the ground like a picture
window.

Conspicuous camera work

I carried the iPhone 6 Plus around the county fair in my shorts pocket, which
wasn't the problem I expected. The shorts had pretty huge pockets; without a
case, the 6 Plus slipped in easily and was barely noticeable.

The 6 and 6 Plus phones have better camera specs than the 5 generation, mostly
image stabilization, and an improved slow-mo video feature at 240
frames-per-second. Taking video of my kids on rides or of a spectacular pig
race, I found slowing the world down was lovely. Video was sharp and saturated
with color on the big 6 Plus screen.

While taking photos at the animal petting area, I noticed a problem. Pulling the
phone out and holding it up horizontally made me feel like one of those people
who takes photos at events with an iPad or similarly sized tablet.

Pocket matters

Perhaps that was me being self-conscious.

I asked a few new owners of the device if they'd experienced similar awkward
moments.

Chris Newby, an engineer at 3M, said that after a week of owning the phone, he
was starting to get used to the jarring size transition from an iPhone 4S
(screen size: a puny 3.5 inches).

"I haven't been too self-conscious about breaking it out. It takes pretty decent
pics and the screen is very clear," Newby said. "I had played with the larger
Android phones of my friends and did have some concern about the size but
figured I would try it out and could always downgrade to the smaller 6."

He does worry that he'll have to remove the phone from his pocket if he's
working on his car or leaning over to avoid bending the phone, an apparently
uncommon but attention-getting tech problem dubbed "Bendgate."

Some users reported that the phone's larger size makes it susceptible to bending
when put in, say, a back pocket for an extended period of time. Consumer Reports
put the 6 Plus to the test, however, and found the phones are tougher than the
Internet reports suggested.

Newby has been getting used to typing on a larger phone and says he's living
dangerously, eschewing a protective case for the 6 Plus.

"I don't want to make it any bigger than it already is," he said.

Brian Hill, a public school administrative supervisor, said he loves the 6 Plus
and is using a very thin case to protect the back of the phone from scratches.

He reports no pocket troubles and says he's using a built-in feature called
"Reachability," which slides the top half of the screen down on the iPhone 6
Plus to make it easier to access when holding the phone with one hand.

The verdict

Like a giant adopted dog who ingratiates himself into your life in short order,
the 6 Plus certainly can be lived with. I don't have huge hands to match my
giant pockets, so I wasn't looking forward to Apple's foray into up-sizing, but
I found myself impressed by its speed, its light weight, battery life and
software improvements like keyboard options (also now available on older iPhones
).

There are places the 6 Plus is not meant to go: small purses, for instance. The
pockets of skinny jeans or pants belonging to small people. With a case, it's
not a device I could just drop into my cupholder to charge up while driving.

But there's a breed of tech shopper, let's call them "Texans," who won't care
about the compromises or complications the larger size brings. They'll want that
big, gorgeous screen and that big, gold (or silver, or space gray) slab of a
back. They'll want to make a statement, and the 6 Plus is as much of a statement
phone as you can get without going in the other direction toward a 1998 flip
phone.

The 6 Plus is big as the Texas sky and a lot easier to break, probably.

It's not for me, but I must admit, it sure is something.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2014 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              624 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                              May 16, 2016 Monday

iXpand gets a makeover

BYLINE: Krishna Bahirwani

LENGTH: 526  words


Double benefit for buyers as flash drive for iPhones, iPads gets a design
overhaul and price cut

SanDisk has relaunched the iXpand Flash Drive, the mobile storage device
designed to help people transfer data from an iPhone or iPad while on the go.
The device is available with a storage capacity of up to 128GB. The iXpand Flash
Drive features a new, modern design that fits with most iPhone and iPad cases, a
USB 3.0 connector for faster transfer speeds to Mac or PCs, and a completely
redesigned app to easily manage photos, videos and music.

The iXpand Flash Drive will initially be exclusively available at Amazon.in for
a period of 30 days and then extended to other channels in a phased manner. The
iXpand Flash Drive is available in 16GB, 32GB, 64GB and 128GB capacities, at
Rs.3990, Rs.4990, Rs.6990 and Rs.9990, respectively. The drive is compatible
with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 5s, iPhone SE,
iPhone 5c, iPhone 5, iPad Pro (12.9-inch), iPad Air 2, iPad Air, iPad mini 4,
iPad mini 3, iPad mini 2, iPad mini and iPod touch (5th generation) running iOS
8.2 or later.

According to a recent consumer survey on the 'Storage Consumption needs of the
Indian consumer' conducted by AMI for SanDisk India, many iPhone users are
looking to free up more space on their phones. "People are using their mobile
phones to capture tons of photos and videos, and about 70% of iPhone users in
India run out of memory every week and end up deleting files," said Rajesh
Gupta, Country Manager - India & SAARC, SanDisk Corporation.

"Our line of mobile storage offerings can immediately help them free up space.
With the new iXpand Flash Drive, people can spend more time using their iPhone
to capture what they love, and less time worrying about how and where to
transfer these photos and videos," he further added.

The iXpand Flash Drive allows users to automatically back up their camera roll
and contacts, and watch popular video formats straight from the drive. The new
drive also includes encryption software that password-protects files, allowing
people to share their content while keeping sensitive files secure across
devices.

The product features a redesigned app, the iXpand Drive app, which offers new
features and an improved user experience. Giving users the option to save space
instantly, the app now has a camera function so users can shoot and save photos
or videos directly to the drive instead of on their iPhone or iPad. The app also
allows users to automatically back up content from popular social networking
sites, as well as play back music within the app.

Pricing and availability

The iXpand Flash Drive features a two-year warranty5 and will initially be
exclusively available at Amazon.in in capacities of 16GB, 32GB, 64GB and 128GB
at Rs.3990, Rs.4990, Rs.6990 and Rs.9990, respectively. The drive is compatible
with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 5s, iPhone SE,
iPhone 5c, iPhone 5, iPad Pro (12.9-inch), iPad Air 2, iPad Air, iPad mini 4,
iPad mini 3, iPad mini 2, iPad mini and iPod touch (5th generation) running iOS
8.2 or later.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              625 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     August 24, 2016 Wednesday 11:51 AM GMT

Touchscreen chip flaw renders some iPhone 6 and 6 Plus devices useless;
Scores of users complain of broken or unresponsive screens, which repair
specialists report is down to a widespread flaw in touchscreen chips

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 587 words


Apple's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus appear to be vulnerable to so-called "touch
disease", a hardware problem that is crippling phones, according to reports from
users and third-party repairers.

The issue, which has been observed in iPhone 6s since the beginning of the year,
seems to affect the touchscreen controller chips, resulting in problems for the
high-end smartphones in responding to touch input.

Badly affected phones become next to useless. First the status bar becomes grey
and flickers and the touchscreen becomes unresponsive, with users unable to
control or use the smartphones without the touchscreen working.

On the eve of Apple's unveiling of its next version of the iPhone, an extensive
report by third-party repair resource iFixit has suggested the issue is
widespread.

iFixit repair advocate Julia Bluff said : "Of course, there's no way to tell
exactly how many phones are afflicted with what we're calling Touch Disease, but
every repair tech we spoke to told us that the problem is incredibly common."

"This issue is widespread enough that I feel like almost every iPhone 6 or 6
Plus has a touch of it (no pun intended) and are like ticking bombs just waiting
to act up," Jason Villmer, owner of repair shop STS Telecom, told iFixit.

A fix for the issue is possible, requiring the broken chips within the iPhones
to be carefully replaced by workshops capable of performing so-called
microsoldering - the use of microscopes and very fine soldering irons to remove
and replace tiny chips on the main boards of the iPhones.

The microsoldering repair specialist Jessa Jones puts the fault down to the same
reason the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus suffered from bending issues. Their thin, wide
bodies flex more than previous Apple smartphones and the flex point appears to
be around where the touchscreen controllers sit within the smartphones. Apple
has since strengthened the structure of its iPhones to correct the issue with
2015's iPhone 6S and 6S Plus.

Jones said: "Over time, normal daily use of the large, thin phone will
eventually create a small crack or separation in one of the balls that underlie
either of the [touchscreen control] chips on the board. At first, there may be
no defect at all. Later you might notice that the screen is sometimes
unresponsive, but it is quick to come back with a hard reset. As the crack
deepens into a full separation of the chip/board bond, the periods of no touch
function become more frequent. This is exacerbated by any drop."

Pressure on the screen or twisting of the phone can work as a temporary fix, as
can so-called reflowing of the chip, where it is heated up to try and reform
broken bonds, reconnecting the chip to the board beneath it. But the problem
will get worse over time, eventually rendering the touchscreen unresponsive.

Jones explained that the only solution is to replace both touchscreen control
chip, cleaning the board underneath, which should cost about the same as a
screen replacement or a quarter of the cost of Apple's out-of-warranty
refurbished phone replacement offer.

Apple's in-store support are not capable of doing so, leaving those out of
warranty with little recourse but to buy a new or refurbished smartphone,
according to users of Apple's support forums.

While Apple store staff have reportedly told users affected by the issue that it
is a known problem, the company has not officially acknowledged the issue.

Apple did not respond to request for comment.


     ·    Apple apologises over Error 53 and issues fix for bricked iPhones


LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              626 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Northern Territory News (Australia)

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday
                                 NTNews Edition

Four million fans order new iPhone

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 111 words


THEY don't go one sale for another two days but already the iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus have broken records as Apple's most popular smartphones.

Apple has received more than four million pre-orders for the two phones that
have some fans queuing outside of stores ahead of the release on Friday.

That is about double the number of pre-orders for the iPhone 5 when it was
released two years ago.

"Pre-orders for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus set a new record for Apple," Apple's
chief executive Tim Cook said in a statement.

Analysts are predicted Apple will sell up to 10 million iPhones in the first
weekend.The bigger 14cm phablet with the iPhone 6 Plus is the major drawcard.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Northern Territory News


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              627 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

Apple goes back to roots for iPhone, Apple Watch unveilings

BYLINE: Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla, Calgary Herald

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 429 words

DATELINE: CUPERTINO, CALIF.


Apple made its big iPhone play for the year here last week while also ushering
in a potential solution to mobile payments and unveiling its anticipated Apple
Watch wearable.

Choosing the Flint Center for the Performing Arts, a historic location for Apple
where Steve Jobs launched the original Macintosh in 1984, the event was clearly
Apple CEO Tim Cook's show.

"The iPhone is the most loved smartphone in the world with the highest customer
satisfaction in the industry and we are making it much better in every way and
we think customers are going to love it," Cook said before unveiling the iPhone
6 and the iPhone 6 Plus. Releasing the biggest iPhones they've ever shipped,
Apple now offers its widest array of smartphone choices from the entry-level
iPhone 5c, the mid-range iPhone 5s and the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

The iPhone 6 is significantly thinner than its predecessor and features a larger
4.7-inch Retina HD display. A more powerful Apple 64-bit A8 processor adds 50
per cent more performance while promising better battery life.

An improved iSight camera offers faster focusing, built-in image stabilization
technology and improvements to HD video recording that allow for up to 60 frames
per second for 1080p video and 240 frames per second for slow-motion, as well as
continuous autofocus, cinematic video stabilization and timelapse video.

The larger iPhone 6 Plus offers a larger, 5.5-inch Retina HD display, an optical
image stabilization feature as well as the ability to run some apps in landscape
mode. Analysts see the larger iPhone sizes as an acknowledgment by Apple that
users want variety in screen size.

One of the big features that both new iPhones offer is NFC (Near Field
Communication), which has been available on smartphones for a number of years,
but was not fully realized as a payments solutions. Companies like Sony and
Samsung have instead leveraged NFC as a feature to connect to wireless speakers
or send messages.

The NFC feature on new the iPhone 6 can enable touchless digital payments using
the new Apple Pay system, which will roll out shortly in the US. Safely storing
user's credit card information for payment, Apple Pay uses a combination of NFC,
Apple's PassBook technology and the Touch ID feature to authenticate the
transaction.

Apple's biggest announcement was its highly anticipated wearable, the Apple
Watch.

Coming to market in 2015, the Apple Watch is a super accurate timepiece, a
health tracker, a remote control for iTunes and for the iPhone as well as a
conduit for communications, as well as wearable platform.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Calgary Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              628 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Post

                           November 29, 2014 Saturday

Ufone to officially launch iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus in Pakistan

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 1128

LENGTH: 158  words


Telecommunication service provider Ufone in partnership with Apple announced on
Friday the launch of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in Pakistan.

The popular smart phones will be made available to consumers under the banner of
the telecom service provider from Dec 11 this year.

Customers will be able to register online for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus from
Nov 28 at the company's website, a press statement said.

This is the first time that Apple has collaborated with a Pakistani
telecommunication provider for the launch of its signature Smartphone.

Apple is considered one of the biggest names in technologyrelated products and
is widely believed to be the world's secondlargest information technology
company.

Despite the phone's official unavailability in the country, iPhone enjoys a
large fan base in Pakistan, with many users already awaiting the entry of the
new product.

iPhone 6 was first officially introduced two months ago in the United States.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              629 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Long waits for new iPhone 6; Apple's latest smartphone offerings prompt record
number of pre-orders

BYLINE: Tim Higgins And Doni Bloomfield, Edmonton Journal

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C8

LENGTH: 406 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Apple Inc.'s new iPhones will take as many as four weeks to ship, a sign that
early demand for the smartphones is outstripping supply.

The iPhone 6 Plus, which has a larger display, will take three to four weeks for
shoppers who pre-ordered online as of Friday, according to Apple's website, as
people rushed to buy the smartphones hours after the company began taking
pre-orders. Certain models of the iPhone 6, which has a slightly smaller screen,
will take seven to 10 business days to arrive, though some versions are still
available for delivery on Sept. 19, when the devices are set to officially go on
sale in stores.

"Response to iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus has been incredible, with a record
number of pre-orders overnight," Trudy Muller, a spokeswoman with Cupertino,
Calif.-based Apple, said Friday.

Apple CEO Tim Cook is counting on the new devices to usher in demand for other
products he introduced this week, from the iPhone-compatible Apple Watch to the
credit card-substituting Apple Pay service. Demand for the latest iPhone is the
greatest ATT Inc. has seen in two years, Ralph de la Vega, CEO of its mobile
division, said Friday at a Goldman Sachs media conference.

This isn't the first time Apple and phone carriers have seen iPhone models
delayed well before they were available in stores. In 2012, the iPhone 5 was
delayed for shipment by a week after a rush of orders, and in 2011 the iPhone 4S
sold out at ATT, Verizon Wireless, and Sprint Nextel Corp. only five days after
pre-orders began.

The iPhone 6 has a 4.7-inch display and the iPhone 6 Plus has a 5.5-inch one,
while the previous iPhones have a four-inch screen.

Customers took to Twitter to complain of difficulties loading Apple's website to
place pre-orders early Friday morning.

While the company normally doesn't disclose figures for its production runs of
new products, it typically has a supply of its new devices in stores on the
first day.

Carriers, which typically offer deals when a new iPhone comes out aiming to
capitalize on sales of the device to lure more data-hungry smartphone users and
bolster their market share, are again offering incentives that may be bolstering
interest.

The iPhone remains the most important piece of Apple's business. The handset
accounted for about half of Apple's $171 billion in revenue in its last fiscal
year, and with sales of the iPad slowing, the company needs to keep the iPhone a
blockbuster to maintain growth.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Oli Scarff, Getty Images; Shoppers wait in tents outside the Apple
Store on Regent Street in London, England. The iPhone remains the most important
piece of Apple's business, generating $171 billion in revenue in its last fiscal
year.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Edmonton Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              630 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                   September 10, 2014 Wednesday 11:15 AM GMT

iPhone 6 and Apple Watch: queues at London Apple Store as tech giant unveils
latest gadgets

BYLINE: Gareth Vipers

SECTION: HOME

LENGTH: 739 words


Eager Londoners have started queuing outside the Apple Store on Regent Street as
the firm unveiled its first ever smartwatch and the latest iPhone.

Tents were erected last night as the tech giant held a highly-anticipated launch
event at its California headquarters.

The new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models won't be available until September 19,
but fans of the brand will stay camped out on the street to ensure they are the
first to get their hands on the latest gadgets. Apple's smartwatch isn't
expected to be available until next year.

The iPhone 6 Plus comes with a 5.5-inch screen, compared to the four-inch screen
of the current generation iPhone 5s, while the iPhone 6, which is also larger,
now coming with a 4.7-inch screen. Both devices also have what Apple call
"ion-strengthened glass" screens.

Confirming online rumours, CEO Tim Cook revealed the brand's first steps into
the smartwatch market with the Apple Watch, and although the company would not
go into more detail on a launch date beyond "early 2015" confirmed it will be
priced at about £300.

"I am so excited and I am so proud to share it with you this morning. It is the
next chapter in Apple's story," Mr Cook said.

"Apple Watch is most personal device we've ever created. It is worth the wait."

Mr Cook called the iPhone handsets "the biggest advancement in the history of
iPhone".

Apple iPhone 6 launch

The larger of the two new devices, the 6 Plus, also allows for apps such as
Messages and Mail to be displayed in landscape orientation for the first time.

The firm also unveiled a new processor chip, the A8, which will be used to power
new apps and games. Partnerships with game studios including Disney and EA were
also confirmed on stage by Apple's Phil Schiller.

The Cupertino-based firm had been expected to announce two new iPhones, with
speculation and alleged leaks appearing online over the last few weeks.

Both new iPhones will ship on September 19, with the iPhone 6 starting at £539,
and the 6 Plus at £619.

Apple also announced its plans to enter the payment market.

Mr Cook said: "Our vision is to replace the wallet and we're going to start with
payments."

He also called magnetic strips on credit cards "outdated and vulnerable" before
introducing Apple's take on the area.

"We love this kind of problem. This is what Apple does best. We've created a new
payment process and it's called Apple Pay," he added.

The new software uses the fingerprint scanner on your phone and native payment
apps to allow users to pay for products by touching their iPhone to payment
outlets.

It uses near-field communication (NFC) technology, used in existing contactless
payments, and the company's own Passbook app to secure your details.

The Find My iPhone app would be used to track and suspend your account if the
device is stolen.

Related stories

"We are not in the business of collecting your data", said Apple, confirming
that all Apple Pay transactions are not logged by the company.

Major retailers have already signed up to use Apple Pay in their stores,
including Toys R US and Staples.

Online, it is also possible to pay within some apps. For now, the technology is
just been introduced in the US.

The Apple Watch was described as a comprehensive health and fitness interface,
and the traditional watch crown, which Apple calls the Digital Crown, is used to
control the interface.

Mr Cook compared it to the innovation of the mouse on the Mac, and click wheel
on the iPod. The crown can be used to scroll through lists as well as zoom in on
images and maps.

A huge array of designs and straps were shown on-stage, before the audience rose
to give Mr Cook a standing ovation. "It's incredibly customisable", he said.

"The Apple Watch works directly with iPhone, but has its own native version of
iOS."

Rivals Samsung launched their first smartwatch last year, and currently have
several on the market. This is Apple's first piece of wearable technology and
also follows on from Google introducing their Glass headset, and Android Wear
smartwatches.

The Apple Watch has a flexible Retina display, and the screen can sense force
used when tapping it. Apple also confirmed that the device will come in two
sizes.

There are three collections of the Apple Watch - Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport
and Apple Watch Edition.

The new Apple Watch can be completely customised to suit the style of the user,
and also comes with Apple's voice assistant Siri. It will also work with Apple
Pay.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2014 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              631 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                    September 10, 2014 Wednesday 8:36 AM GMT

iPhone 6 and Apple Watch launch: queues form outside London Apple Store as tech
giant unveils latest gadgets

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 739 words


Eager Londoners have started queuing outside the Apple Store on Regent Street as
the firm unveiled its first ever smartwatch and the latest iPhone.

Tents were erected last night as the tech giant held a highly-anticipated launch
event at its California headquarters.

The new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models won't be available until September 19,
but fans of the brand will stay camped out on the street to ensure they are the
first to get their hands on the latest gadgets. Apple's smartwatch isn't
expected to be available until next year.

The iPhone 6 Plus comes with a 5.5-inch screen, compared to the four-inch screen
of the current generation iPhone 5s, while the iPhone 6, which is also larger,
now coming with a 4.7-inch screen. Both devices also have what Apple call
"ion-strengthened glass" screens.

Confirming online rumours, CEO Tim Cook revealed the brand's first steps into
the smartwatch market with the Apple Watch, and although the company would not
go into more detail on a launch date beyond "early 2015" confirmed it will be
priced at about £300.

"I am so excited and I am so proud to share it with you this morning. It is the
next chapter in Apple's story," Mr Cook said.

"Apple Watch is most personal device we've ever created. It is worth the wait."

Mr Cook called the iPhone handsets "the biggest advancement in the history of
iPhone".

Apple iPhone 6 launch

The larger of the two new devices, the 6 Plus, also allows for apps such as
Messages and Mail to be displayed in landscape orientation for the first time.

The firm also unveiled a new processor chip, the A8, which will be used to power
new apps and games. Partnerships with game studios including Disney and EA were
also confirmed on stage by Apple's Phil Schiller.

The Cupertino-based firm had been expected to announce two new iPhones, with
speculation and alleged leaks appearing online over the last few weeks.

Both new iPhones will ship on September 19, with the iPhone 6 starting at £539,
and the 6 Plus at £619.

Apple also announced its plans to enter the payment market.

Mr Cook said: "Our vision is to replace the wallet and we're going to start with
payments."

He also called magnetic strips on credit cards "outdated and vulnerable" before
introducing Apple's take on the area.

"We love this kind of problem. This is what Apple does best. We've created a new
payment process and it's called Apple Pay," he added.

The new software uses the fingerprint scanner on your phone and native payment
apps to allow users to pay for products by touching their iPhone to payment
outlets.

It uses near-field communication (NFC) technology, used in existing contactless
payments, and the company's own Passbook app to secure your details.

The Find My iPhone app would be used to track and suspend your account if the
device is stolen.

Related stories

"We are not in the business of collecting your data", said Apple, confirming
that all Apple Pay transactions are not logged by the company.

Major retailers have already signed up to use Apple Pay in their stores,
including Toys R US and Staples.

Online, it is also possible to pay within some apps. For now, the technology is
just been introduced in the US.

The Apple Watch was described as a comprehensive health and fitness interface,
and the traditional watch crown, which Apple calls the Digital Crown, is used to
control the interface.

Mr Cook compared it to the innovation of the mouse on the Mac, and click wheel
on the iPod. The crown can be used to scroll through lists as well as zoom in on
images and maps.

A huge array of designs and straps were shown on-stage, before the audience rose
to give Mr Cook a standing ovation. "It's incredibly customisable", he said.

"The Apple Watch works directly with iPhone, but has its own native version of
iOS."

Rivals Samsung launched their first smartwatch last year, and currently have
several on the market. This is Apple's first piece of wearable technology and
also follows on from Google introducing their Glass headset, and Android Wear
smartwatches.

The Apple Watch has a flexible Retina display, and the screen can sense force
used when tapping it. Apple also confirmed that the device will come in two
sizes.

There are three collections of the Apple Watch - Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport
and Apple Watch Edition.

The new Apple Watch can be completely customised to suit the style of the user,
and also comes with Apple's voice assistant Siri. It will also work with Apple
Pay.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2014 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              632 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            October 7, 2014 Tuesday
                                 Jaipur Edition

New iPhones start from Rs 54k in India

SECTION: TIMES BUSINESS

LENGTH: 129 words


The Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available in India beginning
midnight on Friday , October 17, from authorized resellers Ingram Micro,
Redington, Rashi Peripherals and Reliance. The two iPhone models are different
in terms of their size. The iPhone 6 has a 4.7-inch (1334x750px) screen, while
the iPhone 6 Plus has a 5.5-inch (1920x1080px) display .

Both have an 8MP rear camera and a 1.2MP front shooter; support 2G, 3G and 4G
network, and run on the new iOS 8 operating system.

The iPhone 6 will be available at Rs 53,500 (16GB), Rs 62,500 (64GB) and Rs
71,500 (128GB). The Apple iPhone Plus will retail at Rs 62,500 (16GB), Rs 71,500
and Rs 80,500 (128GB). Cashless pre-orders open October 7 at all Apple flagship
stores, channel partners and premium resellers.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              633 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            October 7, 2014 Tuesday
                                  Pune Edition

New iPhones start from RS 54k in India

SECTION: TIMES BUSINESS

LENGTH: 128 words


The Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available in India beginning
midnight on Friday, October 17, from authorized resellers Ingram Micro,
Redington, Rashi Peripherals and Reliance.The two iPhone models are different in
terms of their size. The iPhone 6 has a 4.7-inch (1334x750px) screen, while the
iPhone 6 Plus has a 5.5-inch (1920x1080px) display.

Both have an 8MP rear camera and a 1.2MP front shooter; support 2G, 3G and 4G
network, and run on the new iOS 8 operating system.The iPhone 6 will be
available at Rs 53,500 (16GB), Rs 62,500 (64GB) and Rs 71,500 (128GB).The Apple
iPhone Plus will retail at Rs 62,500 (16GB), Rs 71,500 and Rs 80,500
(128GB).Cashless pre-orders open October 7 at all Apple flagship stores, channel
partners and premium resellers.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              634 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              China Business News

                      August 16, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

BEA Brings Apple Pay to Customers

LENGTH: 369  words


Aug. 16 -- The Bank of East Asia, Limited ("BEA") today brings its customers
Apple Pay, which transforms mobile payments with an easy, secure and private way
to pay that's fast and convenient. Customers can enjoy fabulous offers at the
same time.

BEA Credit Card customers will receive 5,000 bonus points by adding their BEA
Visa Credit Card or MasterCard [*] to Apple Pay between now and 22 nd August,
2016; Mobile Banking users will also receive an extra HK$20 Circle K i-Coupon.
In addition, the first 30,000 eligible credit card accounts which complete three
or more transactions through Apple Pay between now and 31 st October, 2016, will
receive a 25% cash rebate, and each eligible credit card account can receive a
cash rebate of up to HK$180.

Mr. Vincent Hui, General Manager & Head of the Personal Banking Division of BEA
said, "We have closely aligned our service offering with our customers' daily
needs. Nowadays, customers are looking for a faster and more secure payment
method; that's why we are providing Apple Pay, one of the fastest and easiest
ways to pay. We will continue to bring our customers increasingly innovative
services."

Apple Pay is easy to set up, and customers will continue to receive all the
rewards and benefits offered by BEA credit cards. In participating stores, Apple
Pay works with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone SE,
and Apple Watch.

Online shopping in apps accepting Apple Pay is simple, without needing to
repeatedly fill out lengthy account forms or type in shipping and billing
information. When paying for goods and services within apps, Apple Pay is
compatible with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone SE,
iPad Air 2, iPad mini 3, iPad mini 4 and iPad Pro.

Apply for a BEA Credit Card now to experience Apple Pay and enjoy a wide range
of selected offers! For more information on Apple Pay, please visit
www.apple.com/hk/apple-pay; for more on BEA Credit Card offers, please visit
www.hkbea.com/hotpromotions.

Footnote:

[*] Does not apply to the UnionPay Dual Currency PLATINUM Credit Card, JCB
PLATINUM Card, or Corporate Card. Please visit www.hkbea.com/applepay for
further terms and conditions.

Source: Bank of East Asia

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              635 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                            November 14, 2014 Friday

Get iPhone 6 through Smart's flexible deals

LENGTH: 83  words


iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are almost in town and if you're planning to get one
of these two, chances are you've been looking all over the place for good deals
available.

Now if you still haven't found the best deal yet, here's one that's worth
considering, given that it's almost the most flexible package out in the market.

Smart deals

Smart's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus offerings come in three major options:
prepaid, postpaid, and Infinity.

Via Smart Prepaid, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are priced:

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                              636 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

Apple iPhone 6 to be available in India from October 17

BYLINE: DNA Web Team

LENGTH: 164  words


Here's some good news for all Apple lovers in India. You will get to use the
brand new Apple Phone very soon. According to the Apple India website, iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus will be available in India starting October 17. Pricing
details are yet to be revealed, though that is unlikely to be an impediment for
the legion of Apple fans.

The unlocked version of the iPhone 6 will be available at a starting price of
$649 (Rs 39,500 approximately) in the US. The unlocked version of iPhone 6 Plus
will be available at a starting price of $749 (Rs 45,600 approximately). Apple
formally announced that iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available in the US,
Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and
the UK beginning on Friday, September 19, and customers can pre-order from
September 12. There was no intimation about the date for India launch. But now
Apple India has surprisingly announced the date, which will come as great joy to
all gadget lovers.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2014 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              637 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                     September 19, 2014 Friday 3:56 PM GMT

iPhone fans snap up new handsets

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 949 words


One of the first people to get his hands on the new iPhone this morning felt "on
top of the world" and said he wanted to celebrate by taking a selfie.

Jameel Ahmed, 26, and his friend Sam Sheikh, 27, originally from India and now
living in London, were the first two technology fans through the doors of the
Apple store in Covent Garden to pick up the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
handsets.

Leaving with his purchase, Mr Ahmed said he was "really excited", adding: "I'd
like to open it and take my selfie."

Hundreds of people queued outside the store and took part in a 10-second
countdown before the doors opened at 8am and cheering fans were escorted in by
staff.

The US company announced the new devices to much fanfare at a highly anticipated
event in California last week.

Some fans were so keen to get their hands on the new iPhones they began camping
outside the Apple store in Regent Street, London, on Monday.

Around 30 or so people set up camp outside the store yesterday, with tents,
tables and chairs and even bottles of wine bearing testimony to their
dedication.

Mr Ahmed said: "It's a challenge with my friends that I'll have the iPhone
first."

Mr Sheikh said he was glad his pursuit of a new iPhone was more successful than
his last attempt, when he queued for almost seven nights and felt like a
"loser". He said he was feeling "very excited, very content, very successful".
On Monday Apple announced a record number of first day pre-orders of the two
handsets, with more than four million in the first 24 hours.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are available in 10 countries from today,
including the UK, the US, Australia and Singapore, and a further 20 next Friday.

Both handsets will be available in new sizes for the first time, with the iPhone
6 offering a 4.7in screen, while the 6 Plus boasts the biggest screen Apple has
ever produced for a smartphone at 5.5in.

Network operator EE said it will ensure that customers who pre-ordered new
handsets through Phones 4u, which went into administration on Sunday, would
still be able to get them in its stores.

A spokesman said: "All across the country we have set aside iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus handsets, enough for Phones 4u customers who pre-ordered iPhones on EE
through Phones 4u.

"If they go into EE stores and show their pre-order receipts they will be able
to claim one of the devices."

Even though the packed queue outside the Apple store in Covent Garden was almost
entirely male, research has found women check their phones more often than men.

They may not have risen early to join the queue, but a survey by telecoms
company Daisy looking at how people engage with mobile technology found there is
a gender divide with women proving to be more avid smartphone users than men.

The survey of 2,000 people - 750 women and 1,250 men - found 18% of women check
their phones at least once every hour as opposed to 13% of men.

Calling into the Regent Street store to pick up new phones were celebrities
including Mamma Mia! star Dominic Cooper, Bronson actor Tom Hardy, his fiancee,
actress Charlotte Riley, and Doctor Who star Jenna Coleman.

Meanwhile, tech experts said Apple is making its rivals "continually up their
game".

Stuart Miles, founder of gadget website Pocket-lint, said: "U ltimately the two
new iPhones will be very successful because while Apple doesn't deliver new tech
it delivers it in such a way that consumers want without getting bogged down
with tech specs.

"Apple's attention to detail has a huge knock-on effect in making other
manufacturers continually up their game.

"You only have to look at brands like Nokia and BlackBerry to see what happens
if they don't."

David Phelan, a tech writer at the Covent Garden store this morning, said Apple
"make a real event of it".

"You get quite caught up in the moment of it," he said.

Mr Phelan said the company is "amazing" at creating hype, saying it is
"unbeaten" in that respect.

In terms of the devices' bigger screens, he said Samsung "got there way before
anyone else", adding that Apple have gone for a bigger screen as they are
recognising what people want.

Mr Phelan said the device with the bigger screen - the iPhone 6 Plus - is likely
to do well in Asia where he said people like to use "phablets" - phone/tablet
hybrids.

Speculating on how Samsung will respond, he said they might come up with an even
bigger screen, adding: "They're not one to be beaten for long."

Matt Hill, from gadget website T3, said that while the two new phones "are far
better looking in person than images do justice", he does not understand the
"phablet obsession, as huge phones are cumbersome".

But he said both phones are "extremely thin and light".

Duncan Bell, managing editor at T3, said Apple's latest offering will see them
"continue to eat into the business market".

He said he would expect iPhone sales to "remain pretty impressive" and to
narrowly go up overall, compared to the launch of the iPhone 5s and 5c.

"It'll be interesting to see which size does better - my money's on the 6, which
is more for existing Apple users, rather than the 6 Plus, which seems to be
calculated to attract Android users, who are already used to using whopping
great handsets.

"I don't think Samsung needs to respond as such - Apple is following its lead,
not vice versa. The Korean giant will continue to update its more numerous
existing lines, at a more rapid rate than Apple does.

"So it'll continue to sell more handsets overall, but less profitably. Smaller
manufacturers of large Android handsets such as HTC, however, have serious
reason to worry.

"The new iPhones should also see Apple continue to eat into the business market
as BlackBerry continues to fade out."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2014 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              638 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            March 18, 2015 Wednesday

KeyBank expands Digital Banking

LENGTH: 172  words

DATELINE: CLEVELAND


Starting March 17, KeyBank customers will be able to use Apple Pay[TM] to make
simple and secure payments at more than 700,000 businesses across the United
States and select iOS[TM] apps. "We're thrilled to add Apple Pay to the
fast-growing range of digital banking services we offer banking customers," said
Matthew D. Lehman, senior vice president and head of digital banking. Using
their iPhone® 6 or iPhone® 6 Plus mobile devices running iOS 8.1 or later,
KeyBank customers can use Apple Pay[TM], a mobile payments solution, to
complete credit or debit card transactions without revealing their card
information. Completing a transaction is easy; customers simply hold their
iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus near a contactless reader with their finger on the
Touch ID[TM] fingerprint sensor. KeyBank customers can also make in-app
purchases with either the iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air® 2 or iPad mini® 3
mobile devices. Visit Key.com for more information about KeyBank's commitment to
offering secure, easy-to-use digital banking services.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              639 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            March 18, 2015 Wednesday

KeyBank expands Digital Banking

LENGTH: 172  words

DATELINE: CLEVELAND


Starting March 17, KeyBank customers will be able to use Apple Pay[TM] to make
simple and secure payments at more than 700,000 businesses across the United
States and select iOS[TM] apps. "We're thrilled to add Apple Pay to the
fast-growing range of digital banking services we offer banking customers," said
Matthew D. Lehman, senior vice president and head of digital banking. Using
their iPhone® 6 or iPhone® 6 Plus mobile devices running iOS 8.1 or later,
KeyBank customers can use Apple Pay[TM], a mobile payments solution, to
complete credit or debit card transactions without revealing their card
information. Completing a transaction is easy; customers simply hold their
iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus near a contactless reader with their finger on the
Touch ID[TM] fingerprint sensor. KeyBank customers can also make in-app
purchases with either the iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air® 2 or iPad mini® 3
mobile devices. Visit Key.com for more information about KeyBank's commitment to
offering secure, easy-to-use digital banking services.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              640 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                      November 3, 2014 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Apple Pay Available for M&T Bank Credit and Debit Cardholders

LENGTH: 378  words


Nov. 3 -- US-based M&T Bank issued the following news release:

M&T Bank (NYSE: MTB) has enhanced its credit and debit card line-up by adding
support for Apple Pay.

M&T consumer credit card and M&T consumer and business debit card cardholders
will be able to use their iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus for everyday purchases
beginning today in hundreds of thousands of stores accepting contactless
payments, including major stores, restaurants, fuel and convenience stores, as
well as all Apple Store locations. Customers can also pay for goods and services
within apps using Apple Pay on iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air 2 and iPad mini
3.

"Apple Pay creates a new fast and secure way for M&T customers to pay," said
Mike Shryne, senior vice president of alternative banking for M&T Bank. "We
continue to see customers choose channels such as mobile to manage their
finances, and the enhancements we've made since introducing mobile banking four
years ago - including recently upgrading our apps and mobile banking websites -
reflects our efforts to invest in technology that improves the customer
experience."

Apple Pay provides strong authentication and security features that M&T
customers have come to expect. With Apple Pay, instead of using your actual
credit and debit card numbers when you add your card, a unique Device Account
Number is assigned, encrypted, and securely stored in the Secure Element, a
dedicated chip in iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air 2 and iPad mini 3. These
numbers are never stored on Apple servers. And when you make a purchase, the
Device Account Number, along with a transaction-specific dynamic security code,
is used to process your payment. So your actual credit or debit card numbers are
never shared by Apple with merchants or transmitted with payment.

At a store, cardholders can pay by holding their iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus near
a contactless reader with their finger on Touch ID and their transaction will be
authenticated. Paying for goods and services within an app is also as simple as
the touch of a finger with Touch ID, so there's no need to manually fill out
lengthy account forms or repeatedly type in shipping and billing information.

For more information on M&T's card offerings, please visit: (www.mtb.com).

Source: M&T Bank

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              641 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Washington: Apple's new products are impressive, but game changers for real
estate? Not yet

LENGTH: 819  words

DATELINE: Washington


American Land Title Association has issued the following news release:

Apple held its long-awaited product launch this Tuesday in Cupertino,
California. The event was one of Apple's most hyped product releases in recent
history, complete with giant, white cube buildings it created just for the
event.

TonyV3112 / Shutterstock.com.
TonyV3112 / Shutterstock.com.

There had been speculation over what products Apple would choose to launch this
week; the iPhone 6 was a given, but what about a watch? Apple didn't disappoint,
giving CEO Tim Cook the chance to say the magic words that Steve Jobs had said
years before. After debuting the iPhone 6, 6 Plus, iOS 8 and Apple Pay, Cook
said simply, "We have one more thing ..." before unveiling the Apple Watch. So
what should you expect from all of these new products? Here's a run-down of all
the new and improved features:

iPhone6The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus:
Apple is finally giving the people what they want: a larger screen size. The new
iPhone 6 will have a 4.7-inch screen, compared with the 4-inch screen of the
iPhone 5 and 5S. Apple also launched an answer to the Samsung Note. The iPhone 6
Plus will feature a 5.5-inch screen, a size often referred to as a "phablet"
(somewhere in between a phone and tablet). This large screen size could
potentially replace your tablet and allow you to do more business from your
phone.

Both of these phones will feature new hardware changes, including a new M8
co-processor that is designed with fitness and activities in mind. This
processor allows your phone to better measure motion data, without placing as
much strain on your battery life. The new iPhones can also detect changes in
elevation, with a new barometer feature that monitors changes in air pressure.
These features all relate directly to the iPhone Health app, which tracks your
motion. If you're showing condos and climbing a lot of stairs, the new barometer
feature will track that in your Health Dashboard, along with other metrics from
your daily movement.

Your listings are going to love the new and improved 8-megapixel camera, which
auto-focuses twice as fast as before. The panorama size has increased, and the
True Tone flash will better adjust to surrounding lighting. These features mean
your Instagram sneak previews of listings will look better than ever. If you
frequently record video on your iPhone, you know there's room for improvement.
The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus bring just that, coming with increased stabilization
features like the iSight sensor, which continually auto-focuses during video
recording. Plus, you can now record in full 1080p HD.

There are also additional features for improved slow motion. If you only use
your iPhone for selfies, don't worry, Apple improved that, too. The front-facing
camera now has a burst mode, allowing you to rapidly take dozens of pictures
with one push of a button.

Apple Pay:

Though mobile payments have been around for a while, the user experience left
adoption rates low. If anyone can simplify and improve user experience, it's
Apple. The company is doing just that with Apple Pay, a feature that will allow
one-touch checkout in person and in apps on your phone. In person, you'll be
able to place your phone in front of a reader while placing your finger over
your phone's fingerprint sensor to confirm it's you making the payment. In apps,
you can do the same by choosing Apple Pay as your payment type. Your credit card
information is stored within a chip called the Secure Element, which is
dedicated to keeping your payment information secure.

Apple Pay will be available in October 2014 following a software update. Stores
that will begin utilizing Apple Pay include Starbucks, McDonald's, Macy's,
Disney, and many more.

apple watchApple Watch:

If you were able to watch Tim Cook unveil the Apple Watch, you know that this is
a product that Apple is particularly proud of. He called the product the
company's "most personal device ever," a product that seeks to revolutionize the
wearable technology device. Cook ensured patrons that the watch is not simply
just a shrunken iPhone, but in fact a completely innovative form of
communication.

The watch interface is based upon a digital crown, which is a small button on
the side of the watch much like the time adjustment piece on your everyday
watch. This button allows you to scroll through apps and navigate through its
many features. The most practical element of the watch is called "Glances," a
single swipe that lets you see your most important apps, like the weather or
your calendar. The watch is also compatible with the soon-to-be-released Apple
Pay, giving it an advantage over other smartwatches. The Apple Watch is
chargeable with a magnetic charger and will start at $349 in a variety of
colorful wristbands. It will debut early next year.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: http://www.alta.org

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              642 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                           September 28, 2014 Sunday

Gitex opens without new iPhones on stand

BYLINE: Naushad K Cherrayil Staff Reporter

LENGTH: 513 words


Dubai: Gitex Shopper opened with none of the key retailers having iPhones at
their stands due to the limited quantities supplied to them by the telco
operators.

Retailers ran out of stock within the first one hour of sale at major malls on
Saturday at midnight.

Most of the them -- Jacky's, Jumbo, Virgin Mega Store, iStyle, Emax, Sharaf DG
and Plug Ins -- and the telco operators kept their outlets opened for the Apple
aficionados as some of them [retailers and telcos] had started pre-bookings from
September 18.

An industry source said the telco operators did not allocate enough stocks to
the retailers as they [operators] want customers to buy from them. All the major
retailers apart from iStyle and Virgin Mega Store got around 350 pieces.

Neelesh Bhatnagar, CEO of Emax, said that the quantities were not enough to meet
the strong demand.

He said the next batch is expected within two or three days.

Both the telco operators have confirmed that iPhone sales are ongoing and that
they have enough stocks.

Etisalat offered its contract packages for the buyers with zero down payment but
du has different options.

Du's website says that for a 12-month contract, a customer pays for only six
months -- every other month -- with Smart Plan or Emirati Plan starting at DH250
for a two-year contract.

Under the Smart Plan, users get 2,500 flexible minutes for national or
international calls; 10 GB of data and 300 minutes free to call a preferred
number on any network in the UAE.

Under the Emirati plan, du offers up to 2,000 national minutes, up to 2 GB of
data, up to 1000 SMS every month and Dh1.45/minute for international calls to
190 destinations.

Pre-bookings

The telco operators have priced the iPhone 6 without contract at Dh2,749 for
16GB; Dh3,149 for 64GB; Dh3,549 for 128GB while the iPhone 6 Plus at Dh3,149 for
16GB; Dh3,549 for 64GB and Dh3,949 for 128GB.

Retailers have started pre-bookings again for the device beginning early
Saturday morning.

"All the four stores are completely sold out except for pre-booked customers who
came and collected them," said Nadeem Khanzadah, head of retail at Jumbo
Electronics.

He said that Jumbo is assured of getting good quantities in the next consignment
but he does not know how many.

He said the iPhone 6 Plus was limited compared to iPhone 6 and the demand for
iPhone 6 was more than 6 Plus. It may be due to the "bendgate" controversy.

Sean Connor, General Manager of Plug Ins, said that the iPhones vanished within
one hour of sale with many people queuing even after stocks went dry.

"We started pre-bookings again but did not guarantee when the stocks will be
available," he said.

The official Apple Store in the UAE is to start taking orders for the new phones
from Saturday.

The new iPhones come in gold, silver and space grey. On Apple's website, the
iPhone 6 is available for Dh2,599 for the 16GB model, Dh2,999 for the 64GB model
and, for the first time, a new 128GB model for Dh3,399. The prices on Apple's
website for the iPhone 6 Plus are Dh2,999 for the 16GB model, Dh3,399 for the
64GB model and Dh3,799 for the new 128GB model.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2014 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              643 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      Khaleej Times (United Arab Emirates)

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Book your iPhone 6 from September 19

LENGTH: 507 words


As early as September 20, Apple fans in the UAE can start ordering the new
iterations of the iPhone -- which is actually a day after its initial release in
the United States and the United Kingdom.

At least this time, you won't have to shell out an outrageous amount of cash
just to be among the first to get your hands on Apple's newest handsets; all you
have to do is be patient for just under three weeks more -- and be proud that
the UAE and Middle East are now among the first to receive these devices.

As early as September 20, Apple fans in the UAE can start ordering the new
iterations of the iPhone -- which is actually a day after its initial release in
the United States and the United Kingdom.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus' "expected availability [is] 20th of September",
according to UAE-based online retailer JadoPado. Full specifications are cited
for each model, but no prices were mentioned as at Press time. JadoPado founder
Omar Kassim had earlier said he expects a price premium of "around eight to 10
per cent" over retail prices in the US.

The UAE's two telecommunications companies have also bared their plans for the
new devices.

Etisalat had said via Twitter that the iPhones would be available on September
26. On the other hand, du, in a statement to Khaleej Times, said that it will
offer them beginning September 27 -- the day Gitex Shopper begins -- and
pre-orders will be accepted starting September 19. Both firms did not provide
any price information.

Apple's only official channel in the UAE -- store.apple.com/ae -- says that
unlocked iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will be "available to order from September 27".

The website will sell the iPhone 6 for Dh2,599, Dh2,999 and Dh3,399 for the
16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, respectively, while the iPhone 6 Plus will have
price tags of Dh2,999, Dh3,399 and Dh3,799.

Curiously, over at popular online selling site Souq.com, there has so far been
no posting about the new iPhones.

Ashish Panjabi, chief operating officer of Jacky's Electronics, said the
retailer expects official stock of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus to arrive in time for
Gitex Shopper, which runs until October 4.

"Our suppliers are working with us to ensure we meet these timelines and it is
our endeavour to guarantee as much as we can for this vital sales period," he
said in response to e-mailed questions from Khaleej Times.

"We applaud Apple in their efforts to recognise the importance of major sales
events like Gitex Shopper and festivals like Eid [Al Adha]."

Nadeem Khanzadah, head of retail at Jumbo Electronics, also lauded the fact that
iPhones will be made available in the UAE at a much earlier period compared to
its previous launches.

"It will be the first time ever that the iPhones will be available in the UAE
within a week of the US launch, which just goes to show the increased importance
Apple is beginning to attach to the Middle East market," he said in a statement.

Khanzadah further said that Jumbo would start pre-orders "within a couple of
days once we receive confirmed allocations".

-- alvin@khaleejtimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 44


   Copyright 2014 Khaleej Times - Galadari Printing and Publishing Co. L.L.C.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              644 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Advocate (Burnie)

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                         Advocate First Edition Edition

APPLE moved to recapture its r...

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 190 words


APPLE moved to recapture its role as the leading tech trend-setter as it
unveiled its first smartwatch and two large-screen versions of the iPhone.

The California company also said it was introducing a mobile wallet that will
allow consumers to simply tap their phones to pay retailers, aiming to
popularise the idea of mobile payments.

The Apple Watch, a sleekly designed wrist device that links to the iPhone, "will
redefine what people expect from this category", chief executive Tim Cook said.

Also unveiled were the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, in a large boost to the
screen size of the popular handsets.

Apple's main rival, Samsung, has long had a range of larger handsets and has
tried to market a smartwatch of its own.

The iPhone 6 will have a screen of 4.7 inches and the 6-Plus will be 5.5 inches,
allowing Apple to adapt to consumers' apparent preference for bigger displays.

The new iPhone 6 will start at the same price as existing iPhones at $US199
($215) for US customers while the iPhone 6 Plus will be at $US299 with a
two-year contract.

Apple said the devices would be available in at least 115 countries by the end
of the year.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple's new smartwatch

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              645 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Examiner Newspaper

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                         Examiner First Edition Edition

APPLE moved to recapture its r...

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 190 words


APPLE moved to recapture its role as the leading tech trend-setter as it
unveiled its first smartwatch and two large-screen versions of the iPhone.

The California company also said it was introducing a mobile wallet that will
allow consumers to simply tap their phones to pay retailers, aiming to
popularise the idea of mobile payments.

The Apple Watch, a sleekly designed wrist device that links to the iPhone, "will
redefine what people expect from this category", chief executive Tim Cook said.

Also unveiled were the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, in a large boost to the
screen size of the popular handsets.

Apple's main rival, Samsung, has long had a range of larger handsets and has
tried to market a smartwatch of its own.

The iPhone 6 will have a screen of 4.7 inches and the 6-Plus will be 5.5 inches,
allowing Apple to adapt to consumers' apparent preference for bigger displays.

The new iPhone 6 will start at the same price as existing iPhones at $US199
($215) for US customers while the iPhone 6 Plus will be at $US299 with a
two-year contract.

Apple said the devices would be available in at least 115 countries by the end
of the year.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple's new smartwatch

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              646 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

Apple debuts smartwatch, two new iPhones and mobile payments

BYLINE: By Julia Love, Jeremy C. Owens and Troy Wolverton Staff writers

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; Personal Technology; News; Local; Business

LENGTH: 1008 words


CUPERTINO -- Apple CEO Tim Cook debuted Apple's first new product category
Tuesday since the introduction of the iPad tablet computer, showing off a new
smartwatch along with two iPhones and a mobile-payments offering built in to the
new devices.

Apple's smartwatch -- called simply the Apple Watch -- has a new user interface,
with Cook declaring, "What we didn't do was take the iPhone and shrink the user
interface and strap it on your wrist."

It will come in three different basic forms: Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport and
Apple Edition, with the last one available in 18-karat gold; Apple Watch will be
a standard offering, while the Sport edition will be sturdier. The wearable
computer will be highly customizable, with different sizes for the watch face
and bands of different colors as well as leather and metal, with a starting base
price of $350. The device will go on sale in early 2015.

Users will interact with the Apple Watch through a dial on the side, using it to
scroll up and down and zoom in, or through its touchscreen, which is made of
synthetic sapphire Apple has been manufacturing in Arizona. The device will have
access to Apple's voice-detection technology Siri, allowing users to guide
through interactions with voice commands, and a series of gestures can help
control basic functions as well.

The watch -- which must be used in tandem with an iPhone 5 or later -- can
record users' vitals, with sensors detecting bodily actions such as pulse rate,
and record them with HealthKit, Apple software introduced earlier this year at
the Worldwide Developers Conference. More functionality will quickly be on the
way: Outside developers received access to build apps for the watch through new
software called WatchKit.

With its customizable form and different possible tasks, the Apple Watch can be
a different device for different users' needs, Cook said, calling it "the most
personal device Apple has ever created."

"I use mine to control the Apple TV, another team member uses his as a remote
for his iPhone camera," the CEO divulged.

Apple introduced two new, larger iPhones that will function with its smartwatch
-- the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which Cook described as "the best phones you
have ever seen."

"Today, we are launching the biggest advancement in the history of iPhones,"
Cook said.

The iPhone 6 Plus will be 5.5 inches diagonal, a size in between a smartphone
and tablet that has proved especially popular in Asia, and the iPhone 6 will be
4.7 inches, still larger than the iPhone 5S and 5C, which Apple will continue to
sell at lower prices.

The larger form factor will give the iPhone 6 Plus a larger battery and
therefore longer battery life: Apple said that the iPhone 6 will have about 14
hours of talk time, in line with the previous iteration, while the iPhone 6 Plus
will have 24 hours of talk time.

One of the smartphones' big advances is Apple Pay, a mobile-payments offering
that utilizes near-field communications to get rid of credit cards' "outdated
and vulnerable magnetic stripe," as Cook described them.

Instead of using physical cards, Apple's iPhone will connect to users' payment
options, while not storing credit card numbers or security codes. The Apple
Watch will also take advantage of the technology, which needs NFC reading
devices at registers to work properly -- the service starts with 220,000
contactless machines in place at retailers, along with Apple partners such as
McDonald's, Walgreens and Disney.

Apple software leader Eddy Cue stressed the security and privacy of Apple's
payments option, which will link with American Express, Visa and Mastercard.

"Apple doesn't know what you bought, where you bought it, or how much you paid
for it," Cue said.

Both new iPhones will be offered in black, gray and gold. The smaller iPhone 6
will have a price tag starting at $199 with subsidies from wireless carriers,
ranging up to $399 for a phone with 128 GB of memory; the iPhone 6 Plus will
range from $299 to $499 with a two-year contract. Apple will begin selling the
phones on Sept. 19 in the United States and eight other countries, and wants to
roll out sales to more than 100 countries by the end of the year.

The two new iPhones will arrive with Apple's newest mobile operating system, iOS
8, which will roll out on Sept. 17, marketing guru Phil Schiller announced.
Apple previously showed off the new features of iOS 8 at its Worldwide
Developers Conference.

The biggest disappointment for Apple fans who didn't receive an event invitation
was the company's live stream of the event, which malfunctioned from the very
beginning and never delivered a consistent view of Apple's event. Those
fortunate enough to establish a solid connection to the live stream by the end
of the two-hour-long event were treated to a performance from legendary rock
band U2, which announced its new album will be released immediately for free on
iTunes.

Ahead of the event, throng of reporters and invited guests amassed outside the
Flint Center on Tuesday morning, near a gleaming white structure Apple built,
snacking on breakfast burritos and juice as Apple employees in crimson shirts
with tiny, black Apple logos directed them. Among the VIPs photographed outside
the event were Apple cofounder Steve Wozniak and Twitter CEO Dick Costolo, while
No Doubt lead singer Gwen Stefani tweeted a picture of herself and rapper Dr.
Dre and said they were on their way to the event.

Anticipation for Apple's event has been higher than even the heavily hyped
debuts of the past few years, amid expectations for Apple's first new product
category since the iPad.

"They might be rewriting the history books, as they did for tablets and
smartphones," Matt Margolis, an analyst at PTT Research, said.

Investors excited for Apple's latest gadgets have pushed the company's stock to
new heights in the past month, topping records set amid the release of the
iPhone 5 in 2012, but shares dipped 0.4 percent to $97.99 after Apple's event
Tuesday.

Contact Jeremy C. Owens at 408-920-5876; follow him at Twitter.com/jowens510 .

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple CEO Tim Cook introduces the Apple Watch at the Flint Center
Tuesday morning, Sept. 9, 2014, in Cupertino, Calif. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News
Group)
Apple CEO Tim Cook introduces the Apple Watch at the Flint Center Tuesday
morning September 9, 2014 in Cupertino, California. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News
Group
Apple CEO Tim Cook introduces the Apple Watch at the Flint Center Tuesday
morning September 9, 2014 in Cupertino, California. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News
Group
Apple CEO Tim Cook introduces the new iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus during at
the Flint Center Tuesday morning September 9, 2014 in Cupertino, California.
(Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group
Apple CEO Tim Cook acknowledges a standing ovation after introducing the Apple
Watch, a product he revealed during a media event at the Flint Center Tuesday
morning September 9, 2014 in Cupertino, California. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News
Group

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              647 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

Apple amps iPhone 7 production up by 10%: Report

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 317 words


NEW DELHI: As per several online reports, Cupertino-based Apple won't be
bringing in many changes to its upcoming iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. However,
the company seems to be confident with the sales of the two smartphones as it
has reportedly hiked their production volume.Digitimes, a tech portal, citing
sources from iPhone's supply chain in Taiwan reported that the company has
ordered a 10% increase in parts and components for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus. Apple had originally expected the new iPhone shipments in 2016 to reach
only 60% as compared to that recorded last year.The website notes that iPhone 6s
shipments hit 30 million units a month on an average in the later half of 2015.
The company might have received a positive response for smartphones from
analysts because of which it is amplifying the their production.Apple will be
launching the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus on Wednesday . The company is also
expected to unveil its next-gen Apple Watch.The upcoming iPhone 7 is said to be
powered by an A10 processor paired with a 2GB RAM, while the larger iPhone 7
Plus might feature a 4GB RAM running on the same processor with a higher clock
speed.

In all probability, Apple will ditch the 16GB internal storage variant and
introduce a larger 256GB one.The iPhone 7 is also expected to bear a 12MP rear
camera coupled with a 5MP front-facing snapper. An 8MP front sensor is also
feasible, taking into account the current selfie trend among youngsters. As far
as the iPhone 7 Plus is concerned, one can expect a 16MP rear camera. The
handset is also rumoured to sport dual camera lenses.Both devices will be
released with the iOS 10, announced at WWDC 2016 conference in June this year.
Rumours also strongly suggest the devices to ditch the 3.5mm headphone jack and
instead come with Bluetooth headphones or headphones with lightning connector
support.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              648 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

Apple amps iPhone 7 production up by 10%: Report

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 317 words


NEW DELHI: As per several online reports, Cupertino-based Apple won't be
bringing in many changes to its upcoming iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. However,
the company seems to be confident with the sales of the two smartphones as it
has reportedly hiked their production volume.Digitimes, a tech portal, citing
sources from iPhone's supply chain in Taiwan reported that the company has
ordered a 10% increase in parts and components for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus. Apple had originally expected the new iPhone shipments in 2016 to reach
only 60% as compared to that recorded last year.The website notes that iPhone 6s
shipments hit 30 million units a month on an average in the later half of 2015.
The company might have received a positive response for smartphones from
analysts because of which it is amplifying the their production.Apple will be
launching the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus on Wednesday . The company is also
expected to unveil its next-gen Apple Watch.The upcoming iPhone 7 is said to be
powered by an A10 processor paired with a 2GB RAM, while the larger iPhone 7
Plus might feature a 4GB RAM running on the same processor with a higher clock
speed.

In all probability, Apple will ditch the 16GB internal storage variant and
introduce a larger 256GB one.The iPhone 7 is also expected to bear a 12MP rear
camera coupled with a 5MP front-facing snapper. An 8MP front sensor is also
feasible, taking into account the current selfie trend among youngsters. As far
as the iPhone 7 Plus is concerned, one can expect a 16MP rear camera. The
handset is also rumoured to sport dual camera lenses.Both devices will be
released with the iOS 10, announced at WWDC 2016 conference in June this year.
Rumours also strongly suggest the devices to ditch the 3.5mm headphone jack and
instead come with Bluetooth headphones or headphones with lightning connector
support.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              649 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Pretoria News (South Africa)

                           September 15, 2015 Tuesday
                                   E1 Edition

New iPhones set to break records

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 193 words


SALES of Apple's new iPhones were on pace to beat the 10 million units the
previous versions logged in their first weekend last year, the company said
yesterday, sending its shares up nearly 2 percent. Apple did not disclose the
specific number of advance orders it received. Analysts had expected about 4.5
million for the first 24 hours, compared with 4 million during the first day
last year. The company said it was working to catch up to demand for the iPhone
6S Plus, the larger of the two new phones, which exceeded its forecasts for the
pre-order period. "Customer response to iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus has been
extremely positive, and pre-orders this weekend were very strong around the
world," Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller said. Apple began taking pre-orders on
Saturday for the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus, which will begin shipping on
September 25. After shattering sales records last year with the iPhone 6, Apple
has been dogged by questions of whether it can sustain the momentum this year.
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus touched off a sales frenzy that led to a 32.5
percent revenue rise in the latest quarter from a year earlier. - Reuters

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PN


                Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              650 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            November 30, 2014 Sunday

Pakistan: Ufone to offer iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus in Pakistan

LENGTH: 195  words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


PESHAWAR, Nov. 30 -- Telecommunication service provider Ufone in partnership
with Apple announced on Friday the launch of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in
Pakistan.

The popular smartphones will be made available to consumers under the banner of
the telecom service provider from Dec 11 this year.

Customers will be able to register online for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus from
Nov 28 at the company's website, a press statement said.

This is the first time that Apple has collaborated with a Pakistani
telecommunication provider for the launch of its signature smartphone.

Apple is considered one of the biggest names in technology-related products and
is widely believed to be the world's second-largest information technology
company.

Despite the phone's official unavailability in the country, iPhone enjoys a
large fan base in Pakistan, with many users already awaiting the entry of the
new product.

iPhone 6 was first officially introduced two months ago in the United States

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              651 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                        June 20, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Apple ordered to stop iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus sales in China

BYLINE: Brenda McGregor

LENGTH: 234  words


According to recent reports, a ruling by a Beijing intellectual property board
has banned the sales of US tech giant Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
handsets in China.

The Beijing intellectual property board's injunction prohibiting the sales of
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models in China was made public last week. The
injunction -- which has been suspended pending an appeal -- was based on Apple's
alleged infringement of exterior-design patents of a company called Shenzhen
Baili.

The legal scuffle between Apple and Shenzhen Baili -- which does not have an
official website; and is probably another name for smartphone startup Digione --
started last year. The tussle was rooted in Apple's failure to rescind a patent
which was granted to Shenzhen Baili by Chinese regulators for the exterior
design of its 100C handset, which looks somewhat like the iPhone 6.

The ruling by the Beijing intellectual property board is in accordance with
Chinese patent and trademark laws which tend to put multinational companies at a
disadvantage, by giving Chinese firms the ability to register trademarks and
technologies which are already being used in other countries.

Since the ruling by the Beijing intellectual property board - banning iPhone 6
and iPhone 6Plus sales in China - marks a setback for Apple in China, a Patently
Apple report has revealed that the tech biggie has filed a lawsuit to appeal the
ruling.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              652 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

iPhone 6 now available for pre-order from du and Etisalat

LENGTH: 282  words


The iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus are now available to pre-order from both the
telcos in the UAE. Etisalat and du have both of the latest phones from Apple on
their website with a release date set for September 27. Apple's UAE store is
also reporting the same release date but there is no [...]
The post iPhone 6 now available for pre-order from du and Etisalat appeared
first on tbreak.ae.

The iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus are now available to pre-order from both the
telcos in the UAE. Etisalat and du have both of the latest phones from Apple on
their website with a release date set for September 27. Apple's UAE store is
also reporting the same release date but there is no option to pre-order,
although, prices are a bit lower when ordering directly from Apple compared to
Etisalat and du. Interesting, there are no packaged deals for subsidised prices
from du or Etisalat this year and you have to pay the full price of the device
upfront whether you chose the pre-paid or post-paid option.

The following table compares the prices (in AED) for Apple UAE Store as well as
Etisalat and du:


iPhone 6           iPhone 6 Plus         Extras
(16GB/64GB/128GB)  (16GB/64GB/128GB)
Apple UAE Store    AED 2599 / 2999 /     AED 2999 / 3399 None
                   3399                  / 3799
Etisalat (Prepaid) AED 2749 / 3149 /     AED 3149 / 3549 1GB Data Free for
                   3549                  / 3949          3 Months
Etisalat           AED 2749 / 3149 /     AED 3149 / 3549 Option to buy 10GB
(Postpaid)         3549                  / 3949          Package
du                 AED 2749 / 3149 /     AED 3149 / 3599 To be announced
                   3599                  / 3999

Grey market imports have also started arriving if you really want an iPhone
today but be prepared to pay over 60% of the prices mentioned above.

The post iPhone 6 now available for pre-order from du and Etisalat appeared
first on tbreak.ae.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2014 TBREAK MEDIA
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              653 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      August 28, 2015 Friday 12:55 PM GMT

What Apple needs to get right with its new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus;
New iPhones are expected at Apple's 9 September event, but as the competition
improves and phones last longer the next upgrade has its work cut out for it

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 754 words


Apple is expected to launch a pair of new iPhones at its 9 September event in
San Francisco, and along with it a renewed push for its Siri and HomeKit
features.

But if Apple intends its devices to become the central hubs of people's
connected homes, or even just to persuade customers to upgrade, what does the
company need to get right with its iPhone 6s and 6s Plus?

Apple's iPhone update cycle traditionally rotates in a "tick-tock" alternating
pattern. One year, the major upgrade will be a refresh of the hardware design,
and the next, the emphasis will be on improving the insides and adding new
services.

The iPhone 5, released in 2012, represented the "tick" with its larger 4in
screen, new body design and upgraded camera. In 2013, iPhone 5s was the "tock"
with its Touch ID fingerprint-sensor and faster processor.

Last year brought another tick with the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and 5.5-inch iPhone 6
Plus, which means we can expect the 9 September announcement to introduce "tock"
versions of those devices, with specification and feature improvements.

A faster iPhone will always find plenty of buyers, particularly among people
who, due to their mobile contract, last upgraded two years ago, and are locked
in to Apple's ecosystem.

But to address the "floating voter" of smartphones - the 20% of the
smartphone-buying population that actually switches between platforms - Apple
needs to get a few things right.

Batteries

The biggest pain point for almost every iPhone user is battery life. Apple chose
to shrink its devices in thickness and weight, which left less space for a
larger battery.

The number of people I see every day searching for a Lightning cable to charge
their dying phone, which they had on charge overnight, speaks volumes both to
the number of iPhones out there and the daily fight for power.

Solid two-day battery life is possible. Sony has proved that a high-performance,
slim phone with a 1080p screen similar to that fitted to the iPhone 6 Plus can
last two days. Apple should be able to do it too.

Cameras

Apple has always touted the iPhone's camera as the best in the business, going
as far as to launching a marketing campaign simply displaying photos taken by
iPhones.

But competitors have arguably bettered it and not just by increasing the number
of megapixels. Apple's next camera should include improved autofocus, optical
image stabilisation within the iPhone 6S, not just the larger Plus, and a better
selfie camera.

Users seem to love taking selfies. Many of Apple's competitors have responded
with better front-facing cameras, with improved low-light performance and wider
angle lenses. Apple's FaceTime camera could do with an upgrade.

Siri

Apple's Siri is one of the most personable voice assistants - users can talk to
it and have a conversation with it - but beyond simple things such as setting
timers and alarms, Siri often falls flat.

Siri is likely to take a central role in Apple's efforts to conquer the home
with its HomeKit automation system. But to do that, Apple has to convince users
to talk more to Siri, to make accessing features and systems through voice more
of the normal than the exception.

The situation is likely better outside of Britain, where talking out loud to an
inanimate object makes us feel terribly awkward, but it's a barrier which Apple
must try to break.

New Force Touch display?

Analysts and rumour mongers have speculated that Apple will bring its
pressure-sensitive screen technology from the Apple Watch and its MacBook
touchpads to the iPhone.

Force Touch, as it is known on the Apple Watch, can detect a more forceful touch
gesture and is used as a right click-like analogue. If brought to the iPhone,
Apple needs to learn from its smartwatch and make it much more obvious when a
heavier touch gesture can bear fruit.

Too often on the Apple Watch it's unclear when to Force Touch and when not to,
leading to never ending trial and error and frustration.

Convincing users to upgrade from two or three-year-old iPhones to the latest
model is not going to be a challenge for Apple, but to justify its high price
and premium status, the next generation iPhone must at least bring some
real-world benefits over last year's larger screens.

· Apple Watch is king of smartwatch sales according to latest numbers

· Apple admits fault causes 'blurry' photos on some iPhone 6 Plus

· Hey, Siri! Meet the real people behind Apple's voice-activated assistant

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              654 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday

Apple revenue soars to record $42.1 billion

BYLINE: By Julia Love jmlove@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; News; Business

LENGTH: 667 words


CUPERTINO -- Red-hot iPhone sales propelled Apple to a record-breaking quarter,
with the company handily beating analysts' projections for revenue and profit.

Capping off a quarter in which it spruced up its signature iPhone and broke into
new product categories, Apple reported earnings of $1.42 a share on $42.1
billion revenue, topping revenue of $37.5 billion in the same quarter last year.
Apple profit also surged, to $8.5 billion from $7.5 billion in the same period a
year ago. Revenue set a record for Apple in the fourth quarter, growing at the
strongest rate in seven quarters.

Apple's performance topped Wall Street's expectations. Analysts expected Apple
to log earnings of $1.31 a share on revenue of $39.9 billion, according to a
survey conducted by Thomson Reuters.

Apple CEO Tim Cook cheered the company's financial performance, which he chalked
up to robust sales of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

"Demand for the iPhone has been staggering," he said during an earnings call.
"We're working hard to fill orders as fast as possible."

Apple is anticipating an even greater windfall in the coming months. The company
forecast revenue of $63.5 billion to $66.5 billion for first quarter of 2015,
which will include the bustling holiday season.

Analysts roundly predicted a record quarter for Apple after the company rolled
out the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus last month to rabid excitement from consumers. The
phones feature significantly larger screens, which Apple customers have long
craved. Even though the phones went on sale near the end of Apple's fourth
quarter, which closed Sept. 27, that was still enough to put Apple over the top.

Apple said it sold 39.27 million iPhones in the quarter, up from 33.79 million
in the same period a year ago. Analysts expected the company to sell 37.89
million smartphones in the quarter, according to a poll conducted by Fortune
magazine.

Apple said 60 percent of its revenue in the quarter came from international
sales. The new iPhones went on sale in China only last week, which some analysts
felt dampened Apple's sales in the fourth quarter. Cook revealed during the call
that only about 20 percent of Chinese customers use a subsidy to buy the iPhone,
attesting to strong demand for the gadget in the country.

But the earnings indicate Apple still has some work to do to goose sales of its
tablet. The company sold 12.3 million iPads, down 13 percent from the previous
year. Sales of the tablet have been sagging over the past year, and Forrester
forecast "tepid demand" for the quarter. Analysts expected Apple to sell 13.17
million iPads in the period, according to Fortune.

Cook stressed that he remains optimistic about the iPad's prospects, referring
to the latest sales as merely a "speed bump."

"That said, we want to grow," he said. "We don't like negative numbers on these
things."

Cook said questions still surround the upgrade cycle for tablets, a relatively
new product category, but noted that people appear to be hanging onto their
iPads longer than their iPhones. He added that "cannibalization" is most likely
at work, with customers buying some Apple products at the expense of others.

"I'm sure some people looked at an iPad and a Mac and decided on a Mac," he
said. "I'm fine with that, by the way."

The Mac, by contrast, was a bright spot in Apple's portfolio. The company sold
5.52 million Macs in the fourth quarter, up 21 percent from the same period last
year. Analysts said those figures were particularly impressive given the
sluggish PC market.

"The PC guys are having very slow growth," said Tim Bajarin of Creative
Strategies. "Yet Apple continues to grow significantly."

Cook noted during the call that Apple continues to struggle to meet demand for
its new iPhones. Analyst John Jackson of IDC said that bodes well for the
following quarter.

"There's a lot of runway for these new models and that could really propel Apple
over the next couple of quarters," he said.

Contact Julia Love at 408-920-5536; follow her at Twitter.com/byJuliaLove .

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A man wearing a child on his chest (who declined to be identified)
checks out the new iPhone 6 at the Apple Store on Chestnut St. in San Francisco,
Calif., on Friday, Sept. 19, 2014. The newest iPhone, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus went on sale today to long lines of eager customers. (Dan Honda/Bay Area
News Group)
OREM, UT - SEPTEMBER 18: An Apple iPhone 6 phones are taken out of a shipping
box at a Verizon store on September 18, 2014 in Orem, Utah. Apple's new iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus go on sale September 20. (Photo by George Frey/Getty Images
*** BESTPIX ***

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              655 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Mirror Publications

                           October 18, 2014 Saturday
                                Ahmedabad Mirror

Midnight vigil bears iFruit

SECTION: OTHERS

LENGTH: 585 words


The new iPhone is here. And this time, using its US strategy, Apple unveiled the
iPhone 6 and its big brother iPhone 6 Plus at the stroke of midnight. Granted
that the queues outside stores were not as long as those usually seen abroad,
but scores of Amdavadis bought enough handsets to make the new launch strategy a
success. Unicorn Infosolutions, an Apple premium reseller at Himalaya Mall, got
special permission to keep his store open beyond midnight. Hordes of Apple
fanboys lined up outside the outlet which stayed open till 2 am.

"People had queued up again by the time we re-opened the store at 10 am to check
out the new arrival," said a store employee. SLEEPLESS NIGHT Pavan Dugar, a
38-year-old businessman, was one of the first to receive the iPhone 6. "My
family members and I were so excited that we could not sleep a wink. I had
pre-ordered the phone online 7-8 days ago. I used to use the iPhone 5. When I
heard the new phone was coming to India, my wife and I ordered it," said Dugar.

At the stroke of midnight, Infibeam -- a city-based shopping portal and
authorized iPhone 6 retailer -- delivered 40 phones to customers who had
requested immediate delivery. "We sent our deliverymen to their homes. When the
clock struck 12, they knocked on the door and handed over the phone to the
customer," said Shekhar Singh from the portal. Not just web portals, several
retailers too made arrangements to deliver the smartphone to their customers at
midnight.

Apple N Berry, one such supplier in Paldi, delivered around 50 phones on
Thursday night. Despite the hefty price of the phone, buyers included many young
customers. One of them was Maulik Patel who received the first iPhone from Apple
N Berry. He is a 23-yearold who is studying interior designing and handling a
business. He bought an iPhone3 and fell in love with the product. He has bought
all versions of the phone released since then. Maulik told Mirror, "A friend of
mine in the US bought the iPhone 6. I got really excited on seeing it. I
prebooked it and asked the phone to be delivered home. When I received it at
midnight, I felt on top of the world."

SIZE MATTERS

The iPhone 6 is a 4.7-inch gadget while the iPhone 6 Plus is 5.5-inch tall.
"Their configuration is the same but Amdavadis seem to prefer iPhone 6.
Customers find iPhone 6 more comfortable to use due to its smaller size," said
Bhavin Patel, owner of Mobile Store on Science City Road. Both online and
physical retailers have seen a surge of 10 per cent in the demand of iPhone 6
than iPhone 5S. "The demand for iPhone is rising as more and more people can
afford it. In the past two hours, I have sold 10 iPhone 6 today," said Akshat
Bawisi, head of Apple N Berry. According to retailers, Amdavadis are loving
iPhones in gold and grey. Interestingly, the craze of iPhone is not limited to
urban areas. Singh said, "We received bookings from semi-rural and rural areas
like Himmatnagar, Deesa, Anand and other areas."

NO SHORTAGE

Apple has received over 21,000 pre-orders since October 8. The 4.7- inch iPhone
6 is available for Rs 53,500 for the 16GB version, Rs 62,500 for the 64GB
version, and Rs 71,500 for the 128GB version. The 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus is
priced at Rs 62,500 for the 16GB version, Rs 71,500 for the 64GB version, and Rs
80,500 for the 128GB version. Apple is said to have shipped 50,000-55,000 units
of the iPhone 6 to make sure there's no shortage of phones during shopping
weekend. Both the devices are available in silver, gold and grey colour options.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              656 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      The Observer (Gladstone, Queensland)

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

iPhone addicts ecstatic;
New releases Apple fans queue up for its latest mobile offerings

BYLINE:  KIRSTEN CUNNINGHAM

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 220  words


HOLY iPhone Batman!

Yes. Even Batman was at the launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus yesterday.

At 8am employees in fancy dress at Telstra's Stockland Gladstone store greeted
about 15 customers who queued outside.

"I've been using a borrowed phone for a few months waiting for the new iPhone to
be released," said Lauren Padmos.

Mrs Padmos, who was with her two young sons, signed up for a new $70 plan with a
16GB silver iPhone 6.

"My new plan is similar to my old one.

"I don't need the extra memory because I don't store photos on it," she said.

Self-professed Apple addict Zac Fraser was served by Batman.

He wanted a 128GB iPhone 6 Plus but was told he'd have to wait until the second
delivery later in the day.

"I'm so excited. I'm a massive fan of Apple products and this is an extension of
it," he said.

"I time my phone plans so they run out when a new iPhone is released," Mr Fraser
said.

At Optus' Stockland Gladstone store Shaylah Alexander was waiting for a silver
128GB iPhone 6.

"I don't think my old plan has run out yet. But I don't mind," she said.

Matthew Dodds was hoping to get an iPhone 6 Plus but Optus manager Sian Marsh
said they wouldn't be available for three weeks.

Mr Dodds isn't too worried.

"My old phone works just fine.

"I'll get one online later," he said.

Kirsten.cunningham

@gladstoneobserver.com.au

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OGO


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              657 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             June 4, 2015 Thursday

[Rumor] iPhone 6S Plus expected to feature a 1440p resolutio

LENGTH: 306  words


Regular iPhone 6S expected to feature the 1080p resolution

By tbreak Staff -

Earlier, it was reported that both iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus were going to
feature a 12 MP rear camera sensor. Now according to another rumor, the
company's upcoming flagship phablet, iPhone 6S Plus, which is expected to have a
screen size of 5.5 inches, is going to radiate a resolution of 1440p, or in
other words, 2K resolution. Side by side, the iPhone 6S is expected to feature a
4.7 inch screen which also be upgraded to a 1080p resolution.

While it is already known that Apple A9, the chipset expected to be present in
both smartphones is going to be processed on Samsung's superior 14 nm FinFET
process, the tech giant plans to raise the bar on the resolution side as well.
The company's previous flagship duo, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus featured
resolutions that measured 1334 by 750 and 1920 by 1080, respectively, which no
doubt prompted Apple to increase the overall pixel count on both its upcoming
smartphones.

While this news should be treated as a rumor for now, the company has invested a
sizable amount of $1.7 billion in JDI, which happens to be the largest display
maker in the world. With that much cash given to a supplier, you can rest
assured that the upcoming smartphone tag team is not going to be fitted with
something inferior.

However, the large amount of money allocated to a supplier could also be given
in order to put an extra engineering touch in these devices so that Apple's
Force Touch tech can be used properly. The Force Touch tech was initially
introduced in Apple Watch and looks like it is going to make its way to both
iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus.

Unfortunately, confirmation of all the aforementioned features can only be given
once Tim Cook takes center stage and unveils two of the most anticipated
handsets of 2015.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              658 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                       May 27, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Coques iPhone6 Comes up with Its Designer Range of Cases for iPhone 6, 6 Plus
Users

LENGTH: 371  words


May 27 -- iPhone 6 and 6plus are the two latest versions of the smartphone
launched by Apple. They have been bought by record number of people around the
world and this has made it a hit among the smartphone lovers. One thing common
among all the iPhone users are the accessories and cases they use. People like
to get their smartphone covered by beautiful accessories that also provide extra
protection to their phone. One of the online stores that has come up with its
designer range of cases for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus is Coques iPhone6.

These are mainly 4.7 inch cases that are available in various customized colors.
They easily fit with the phone and give it a protective look. People generally
don't like to compromise on the beauty of their phone while they use the cases.
CoquesiPhone6 makes sure that the iPhone users don't need to compromise of the
stylish look of their phone and give them cases that increases the style
quotient of their phone give it an innovative look. Along with the 4.7 inch the
user can also have a look at the 5.5 inched iPhones to get a customized fit for
their phones.

There are cases with carbon fiber, matt finish as well as silicone finish.
Buyers can but the cases that meet their requirements and suit their budget. The
best feature about the online store is that it give the users the opportunity to
compare the cases and helps the users get the most suitable case for their
device. It is important to make a proper research before buying the cases so
that people get durable products. Since the cases are also used for the
protection of iPhone 6 one cannot use a case that proves to be a misfit. The
Coque iphone 6 case helps the users to have a look at the range of devices and
buy them after they are satisfied with the product.

Along with iPhone 6 the users can also have a look at the cases for Coque iphone
6 plus. One just needs to register with the site and sign into their account to
add the product into their cart. The site also provides the buyers with the
facility of gift cards that helps them in gifting these cards to their friends
and relatives. The payment system is very easy and one can use their credit card
of pay through their paypal id.

Source: Coque iPhone 6

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              659 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                     September 14, 2015 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Tim Cook: New iPhones look "familiar," but Apple has "changed everything" about
them

BYLINE: Joseph Garcia

LENGTH: 248  words


Apple launched its next-generation iPhone models - iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus
- at its product launch event held in San Francisco on September 9.

Announcing the new iPhones, Apple CEO Tim Cook tried to convince the attendees
that the handsets boast the inclusion of impressive new features, and are
outstandingly 'different' from the current iPhone 6 models.

Cook told the audience at the event that though the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus
models "may look familiar" to their predecessors, Apple has "changed everything"
about the new handsets.

The 'familiar' look of the new iPhones results from the fact that the handsets
are largely the same as the iPhone 6 models, except for some cosmetic changes as
well as the introduction of a few new internal features, which can apparently be
described as force multipliers.

So far as the changes made by Apple to the new iPhones - vis-a-vis the present
iPhones - are concerned, these changes mainly include a faster processor;
pressure-sensitive 3D Touch screen technology; a new 12-megapixel 'iSight' rear
camera; a 5-megapixel front camera; a tougher glass face; and a chassis made of
a comparatively less bendable version of the custom aluminum alloy.

Since the mentioned new features of the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus handsets do
not, strictly speaking, imply that "everything" about the new handsets has been
changed, it is apparent that the 'S' branded new iPhones are poor cousins of
Apple's iPhone 6 flagship handsets launched last year.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              660 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                     January 20, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

US Bank Adds Apple Pay to Its US Bank FlexPerks American Express Credit Cards

LENGTH: 337  words


Jan. 20 -- The convenience, simplicity and security of Apple Pay are now
available to customers who use U.S. Bank FlexPerks American Express Cards.

"Enabling Apple Pay for our U.S. Bank FlexPerks American Express Cardmembers
continues our efforts to give customers choices in how they manage payments, as
well as providing them an easy, secure and private way to pay," said Cliff Cook,
senior vice president for the U.S. Bank retail credit-card division. "As one of
the leaders in mobile payments, we continue investing in innovation to better
serve our customers today and anticipate their needs for tomorrow."

Apple Pay is now available with the:

* U.S. Bank FlexPerks Reserve American Express Card.

* U.S. Bank FlexPerks Travel Rewards American Express Card.

* U.S. Bank FlexPerks Select+ American Express Card.

With this announcement, all U.S. Bank credit and debit cards (consumer and small
business) work with Apple Pay. With Apple Pay, card numbers are not stored on
the device; instead, a unique Device Account Number is assigned, encrypted and
securely stored in the Secure Element. If the device is lost or stolen, it's
easy to quickly suspend the device and stop the ability to make purchases.

Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will continue to receive all of the
rewards and benefits offered by their U.S. Bank American Express Card. In
stores, Apple Pay works with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
and Apple Watch. When online shopping in apps, accepting Apple Pay is as simple
as the touch of a finger with Touch ID, so there's no need to manually fill out
lengthy account forms or repeatedly type in shipping and billing information.
When paying for goods and services within apps, Apple Pay is compatible with
iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air 2, iPad mini 3,
iPad mini 4 and iPad Pro.

For more information about using the U.S. Bank FlexPerks American Express Cards
and Apple Pay visit http://www.usbankgomobile.com/wallet and
www.apple.com/apple-pay.

Source: US Bank

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              661 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             January 9, 2015 Friday

China buys more iPhones than US for first time

LENGTH: 244  words


Strong demand for Apple's latest iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus smartphones has
helped the Chinese market outsell the United States for the first time.

Asia's biggest Apple store situated in Wangfujing, Beijing. [Photo provided to
China Daily]

BEIJING - Strong demand for Apple's latest iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus
smartphones has helped the Chinese market outsell the United States for the
first time, according to tech news hub pingwest.com citing a report from
investment banking firm UBS.

Steven Milunovich, an analyst with UBS, said iPhone demand saw outsized growth
in China and China could constitute as much as 35 percent of shipments in the
last quarter of 2014, way higher than the 24 percent ratio of the US market.
During the same period last year, China's market share was 22 percent.

Apple only began selling iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus in the China market on Oct
17, but Chinese consumers' preference for larger sized phones made the devices
the most popular sold in China. Orders reached 10 million within three days
after the initial sell date on JD.com, a major e-commerce platform.

The UBS report estimates Apple sold 69.3 million iPhones in the last quarter of
2014, a new quarter record.

Apple CEO Tim Cook said during a trip to China in October that "it's just a
matter of time" before China "becomes Apple's biggest revenue contributor." Cook
also said Apple would increase its number of Apple retail stores in China from
15 to 40 in the next few years.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              662 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     September 30, 2014 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

No Diwali season sale for Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus

LENGTH: 431  words


Last week we reported that Apple has Apple will skip the major festival season
sale in India.

After a huge round of sale of about 10 million Iphone 6 after launch, the
company was pushing the launch of its new iPhones, and is not likely to launch
the iPhone 6and Iphone 6 Plus before November. This push was expected as the
company was aiming to first deliver units of iPhones to markets where these are
high on demand.  But, this indicated that the company will miss the Diwali sale
season giving ample reasons to Samsung, Xiaomi, Nokia and others to feast upon
the sale season.

This week news is coming the Indian team of Apple wasnts to launch the iPhone 6
in India before Diwali sale season while the Parent Apple company is pushing the
launch further. "While the parent wants to delay the launch to early November
due to unprecedented demand for iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in the US and the China
launch likely next week, the India team and distributors in the country want to
make the most of upcoming festive demand by launching it before Diwali", a
report in Times of India says today.

The intention to launch the new Apple phones before Diwali does seem justified
since this festive season is actually the beginning of three sale season in
India, beginning with Diwali. These are -  (1) Diwali in October, Chirstmas (2)
New Year in December end (3) since the GOSF online shopping festival was
organized in middle of December last year, we expect GOSF this year too in
December.

Around Diwali we have lot of launches and new products lining up for sale, and
to be able to get some share of this year end market one needs to be a part of
it. Here are the list of new launches or that happened recently or going to
launched very soon -

Xiaomi will get 1 lakh units of the Mi3 for Indian market for one flash sale.

Microsoft is expected to launch new devices in India tomorrow

Gionee has launched the all new CTRL VS4 in India today.

Google already going aggressive in the Indian market with the Android One

Datawind is ready to launch a new phone with bundled data pack around Diwali.

Sony is already in the market with Z3 compact and Z3 this season.

Huawei launched new phones and tablets for the Indian market this week.

Note 4 is also set to launch in India this Diwali

You must have also looked at the new iPhone-like Canvas 4 Plus A315 which made
way to two online stores this week.

And there are lot of other launches like the Idea Magna handsets, Karbonn
Titanium Wind W4, Galaxy Alpha, Champion Mobiles and more last week.

There is still no confirmation on the launch date for iPhone 6's India.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              663 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              chroniclelive.co.uk

                     September 19, 2014 Friday 2:05 PM GMT

What are the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus all about? We take a look at what the new
models offer;
Apple's new new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus offer health app that can measure your
steps, longer battery life and 4G

BYLINE: By Hannah Flint

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 213 words


Apple fans gather for release of new iPhone

Just a year after Apple launched the iPhone 5S and 5C, the tech company have
released the hotly-awaited sixth generation of the handsets.

Apple have promised the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will be "bigger than bigger" and the
best iPhone yet.

The Plus model is wider, taller and heavier than its younger sibling.

Both promise a new operating system, iOS 8, 4G and longer battery life than
their predecessors. Users can look forward to 14 hours of 3G calling time for 6,
while the Plus boasts a huge 24 hours of talk time.

But the most exciting feature is a new integrated health app which works with an
in-built barometer and accelerometer to measure how many steps you take in a
day.

The phones can be linked up with the hotly anticipated iWatch - released next
year.

The cameras on the new models are the same as the 5S, at eight mega pixels, and
have the previous model's Touch ID Sensor, which allows owners to unlock their
phones in less than a second using just their fingerprint.

But the prices of the phones are eye-watering - even for Apple's standards.

The Plus will set you back £619 for the 16GB model, while the 128GB comes in at
a staggering £789.

The 6 may be slightly better value for money, at £539 for 16GB and £699 for the
128 GB model.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBNEC


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              664 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              chroniclelive.co.uk

                     September 19, 2014 Friday 2:05 PM GMT

What are the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus all about? We take a look at what the new
models offer;
Apple's new new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus offer health app that can measure your
steps, longer battery life and 4G

BYLINE: By Hannah Flint

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 213 words


Apple fans gather for release of new iPhone

Just a year after Apple launched the iPhone 5S and 5C, the tech company have
released the hotly-awaited sixth generation of the handsets.

Apple have promised the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will be "bigger than bigger" and the
best iPhone yet.

The Plus model is wider, taller and heavier than its younger sibling.

Both promise a new operating system, iOS 8, 4G and longer battery life than
their predecessors. Users can look forward to 14 hours of 3G calling time for 6,
while the Plus boasts a huge 24 hours of talk time.

But the most exciting feature is a new integrated health app which works with an
in-built barometer and accelerometer to measure how many steps you take in a
day.

The phones can be linked up with the hotly anticipated iWatch - released next
year.

The cameras on the new models are the same as the 5S, at eight mega pixels, and
have the previous model's Touch ID Sensor, which allows owners to unlock their
phones in less than a second using just their fingerprint.

But the prices of the phones are eye-watering - even for Apple's standards.

The Plus will set you back £619 for the 16GB model, while the 128GB comes in at
a staggering £789.

The 6 may be slightly better value for money, at £539 for 16GB and £699 for the
128 GB model.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBNEC


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              665 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Apple TV sends company into video games market; Company also unveils iPad Pro,
iPhone 6S and 6S Plus

BYLINE: Gillian Shaw, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 738 words


Apple rolled out a holiday shopping list of new devices Wednesday, with its
newest iPhones only part of a lineup that included a new Apple TV and iPad Pro.

"We could not be more excited to be here this morning," Apple CEO Tim Cook said
as he opened the event at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco. "It
has been an incredible year for Apple. We are really firing on all cylinders."

The Apple TV with a new remote that doubles as a game controller makes Apple a
contender in the gaming market, where it will square off against traditional
consoles that cost much more. It also marks the debut of a TV app store.

"For me, the most interesting and intriguing part is Apple TV and what that's
going to mean for entertainment," said Chris Hobbs, president and cofounder of
the software development company Two Tall Totems and president of the Vancouver
iOS Developers Meet Up Group. "All of a sudden, now (Apple TV is) not just for
consuming entertainment, it's actually going to be a full game machine so, we're
going to be able to play games just like we could on the phone.

"It could be a game changer because all of a sudden all those apps we had
written for the iPad and the iPhone are now transferable right onto the Apple
TV." Aaron Hilton, executive chair of the mobile app development company Conquer
Mobile, said with Wednesday's announcement Apple is leveraging the strengths of
its existing ecosystem and bringing them to the home entertainment market.

"It's great news for developers, especially game developers looking to target
this audience," he said. "You can write your code for iPhone first and also make
an Apple TV variant and know you are going to have a decent market pretty
quickly."

The iPad Pro, a powerful 12.9-inch iPad with an optional keyboard and a new
Apple Pencil stylus, is clearly aimed at the enterprise market Microsoft has
been targeting with its Surface lineup and Windows 10. (Microsoft was among
companies on stage at the Apple event, demonstrating Microsoft Office on the new
iPad.)

The iPad Pro has the power to handle demanding applications, and the Apple
Pencil allows for unprecedented accuracy for drawing and sketching. The iPad Pro
is slim at 6.9 millimetres and lightweight at 712 grams (1.57 pounds), with a
full-sized screen keyboard as well as an optional physical keyboard. It has an
eight-megapixel iSight camera and 1080p video recording. No Canadian pricing has
been announced for the device, but it starts at $799 US for the 32-gigabyte
Wi-Fi model, with the Apple Pencil $99 US and the smart keyboard $169 US. The
128GB cellular-plus Wi-Fi model will be $1,079 US.

The new Apple TV adds Siri voice control plus the new remote that doubles as a
game controller. Canadian pricing is not yet available, according to Apple
Canada, but the Apple TV 32GB model will be $149 US, with the 64GB model $199
US.

In overall appearance, there is little change with the newest iPhones, although
features have been upgraded. The iPhone 6S has the same 4.7-inch screen size as
the iPhone 6, and the 6S Plus is 5.5 inches, the same as the 6 Plus.

New to the iPhones is 3D Touch, a pressure-sensitive technology demonstrated in
such features as new "Peek and Pop" that reacts to a light touch with a peek at
a photo, webpage or other content, while more pressure will pop right into the
content. The iPhones also have Live Photo, a new feature that adds sound and
action to photos by capturing time both at the beginning and end of your photo
shot.

The new iPhones deliver 4K video, a first for an iPhone, a 12-megapixel
rear-facing camera, up from the 8 megapixels of the 6 and 6 Plus, with a
fivemegapixel HD camera and a new screen flash for low-light selfies.

Pre-orders start for the iPhones Saturday, with the phones available starting
Sept. 25.

gshaw@vancouversun.com vancouversun.com/digitallife

See video with this story at vancouversun.com

New iPhones don't come cheap

iPhone 6S (unlocked, no

iPhone 6S Plus (unlocked, no contract) contract) iPhone 6s available in gold,
silver, Available in same colours as the space grey, and the new 6S rose gold
metallic finishes 16GB $1,029 16GB $899 32GB $1,159 64GB $1,029 64GB $1,289
128GB $1,159

Apple also announced a monthly plan starting at $32 US that allows iPhone buyers
to upgrade their phones annually, but that option will not be available in
Canada, according to Apple Canada. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All
rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Josh Edelson, AFP, Getty Images; An Apple employee demonstrates how to
use the new Apple Pencil for the iPad Pro at a media event in San Francisco on
Wednesday. Apple says the new large-screen tablet has the power and capabilities
to replace a laptop computer.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Vancouver Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              666 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   24*7 News

                            November 24, 2014 Monday

Menatelecom offers iPhone 6, iphone 6 plus packages

LENGTH: 226 words

DATELINE: Manama


anama, Nov. 24 -- Menatelecom, the most powerful broadband provider in the
Kingdom of Bahrain has announced the arrival of the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
plus and it is available at all branches.In addition to testing and subscribing
to the most powerful 4G LTE packages on the island, customers visiting
Menatelecom branches can also find the latest mobile and tablet devices released
by Apple at competitive prices. All devices sold by Menatelecom come unlocked
with no contract or obligations and with an official warranty.

The iPhone 6 and 6 plus are available in silver, gold and space grey with
competitive prices and come with a thin and smooth metal surface. In addition,
it features two models with 4.7 inch and 5.5 inch widescreens creating a new
generation of iPhone that is bigger and better in every way. The features also
include European specifications that include FaceTime which can make video calls
over Wifi and FaceTime calls over mobile networks.

Menatelecom has seven branches around the Kingdom of Bahrain located at GOSI
Complex, Muharraq, Country Mall - Budaiya, Hamad Town, Isa Town Mall, KFH
Automall in Sitra and latest branch in Enma Mall.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from 24*7 News. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                   Copyright 2014 www.twentyfoursevennews.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              667 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Gold Coast Bulletin (Australia)

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                               GoldCoast Edition

Apples big and small

BYLINE: ROD CHESTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 410  words


APPLE yesterday launched a war on three fronts, with two big-screen iPhones to
tackle the tablet threat, a tap-and-touch payment system to kill your wallet and
a wearable device it hopes will rule them all.

Apple CEO Tim Cook, who took over after the death of Steve Jobs three years ago,
used the words "one more thing" that Apple fans have craved since first hearing
it at the launch of the iPad in a presentation that the Cupertino tech company
sees as another potential turning point.

While the details of the new iPhones have been widely leaked, there were some
surprises including the name of the biggest phone in the Apple family: the
iPhone 6 Plus.

The iPhone 6 is a 4.7-inch phone and the iPhone 6 Plus is a 5.5-inch phone and
both allow Apple to follow the market trend of bigger is better.

The iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus will both have Near Field Communication, or
NFC, a wireless communication system that some Android phones embraced years ago
which enables people to pay for good with a tap-and-touch of their phone at the
check-out of bricks and mortar stores.

The idea of using your phone at the check-out is not new but Apple is hoping the
deals it has made with American Express, Visa, and MasterCard, the major
American banks and a string of retailers will be enough for Apple Pay to take
off.

The payment system begins in America in October but there are no details yet
when it might be released in Australia and what banks, credit cards and
merchants will be involved.

After years of rumours that Apple was working on a wearable device, the Apple
Watch was also finally unveiled yesterday.

The watch will come in two sizes, a 38mm and a 42mm watchface, and three models,
all of which have interchangeable bands and will target consumers across a wide
range, from those wanting an activity tracker to those looking for an up-market
timepiece.

The iPhones will go on sale in Australia from September 17, with prices for the
iPhone 6 ranging from $869-$1129 for a 16GB to 128GB phone and $999-$1249 for a
16GB to 128GB iPhone 6 Plus. They will also be available from Telstra, Optus and
Vodafone with preorders from this Friday.

The watch will go on sale in the US early next year, with no word on Australian
availability and pricing.

WHAT TO KNOW â-- The next chapter in Apple's history launched by rockers U2 â--
Two new phones and an Apple Watch â-- Will use the same charger as the iPhone 5
modelsâ-- To replace your wallet with new Apple Pay capabilities

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Gold Coast Bulletin


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              668 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday

Apple iPhone 6 demand outstrips supply

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 529 words


Bloomberg

New York

Apple's new larger-screen iPhones topped 4 million in pre-orders in the first 24
hours, surpassing earlier releases as demand for the smartphones outstrips
supply.

Deliveries of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will start at the end of this week,
when the smartphones officially go on sale, and a backlog will mean that many
won't receive their handsets until next month, the Cupertino, California-based
company said in a statement yesterday.

Apple said there will be devices in stock in stores on September 19 and
encouraged customers to arrive early or order online for in-store pick-up.

Chief executive officer Tim Cook is counting on the bigger phones to counter
Samsung Electronics's larger displays and to usher in demand for other products
Apple introduced last week, from the Apple Watch to the credit card-substituting
Apple Pay service. The company had indicated that the new smartphones would take
as many as four weeks to ship.

The iPhone 6 has a 11.9-centimetre display and the iPhone 6 Plus has a
13.9-centimetre one, while the previous iPhones have a 10.1-centimetre screen.

"It speaks to the pent-up demand for a larger iPhone," Tim Bajarin, an analyst
at Creative Strategies, said in a telephone interview. "Apple will actually have
record quarters for the minimum of the next two years just because of this kind
of demand."

The pre-orders are double the 2 million Apple announced in 2012 when it released
the iPhone 5, and compares with the 9 million the company sold during the
opening weekend last year for the iPhone 5s and 5c.

"We are thrilled customers love them as much as we do," Cook said in the
statement.

The iPhone remains the most important piece of Apple's business. The handset
accounted for about half of Apple's $171 billion (Bt5.5 trillion) in revenue
last fiscal year. With sales of the iPad slowing down, the company needs to keep
the iPhone a blockbuster in order to maintain growth.

The iPhone 6 costs $199 to $399 with a two-year contract, while the 6 Plus is
priced at $299 to $499. The devices will come in silver, gold and space grey.

61 Million

Demand for the handsets has Apple poised to sell more than 61 million iPhones in
the December quarter, surpassing last year_s record 51 million sold, Barclays
Plc said in a note today.

_We believe significant demand will even spill into the March and June quarters
given supply and the timing of shipments in China,_ Ben Reitzes, an analyst at
Barclays, wrote in the note.

This isn_t the first time Apple and phone carriers have seen iPhone models
delayed well before they were available in stores. In 2012, the iPhone 5 was
delayed for shipment by a week after a rush of orders, and in 2011 the iPhone 4S
sold out at AT&T Inc., Verizon Wireless, and Sprint Nextel Corp. only five days
after pre-orders began.

The new devices will go on sale first in the US, Australia, Canada, France,
Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the UK On September 26, 20
additional countries will begin selling the handsets.

China, one of Apple_s biggest markets, won_t get the new devices at first,
though the company said it plans to have the handsets in 115 countries by the
end of the year.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              669 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                        July 6, 2015 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6s May Have A 12MP Rear Camera And A 5MP Front Shooter

LENGTH: 271  words


A fresh document has been leaked, which reveals the latest specifications of
iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus

Monday, July 06, 2015: By now, we all know that Apple is working on a new
metal-clad iPhone, called iPhone 6S. The smartphone will, reportedly, target the
budget segment smartphone owners. A lot is being speculated about the device
already. A latest report about iPhone 6S reveals that Apple will fit a 12 MP
rear-facing camera and a 5MP front-facing shooter in the smartphone.

It should be noted that Apple had launched the last generation iPhones, the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6Plus in the month of September last year. Going by the
company's timing, the latest launch date seems to be approaching fast, and the
Cupertino-based company is reportedly gearing up for the launch.

A fresh document has been leaked, which reveals the latest specifications of
iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus. The information in the documents leaked by a
Foxconn employee states that the upcoming iPhone could features a 12MP rear
camera with the ability of 4K video recording and 240 fps slow-motion video
recording. With the upcoming 5Mp front shooter, Apple seems to be taking the
selfie smartphone market seriously.

Within Foxconn, who is the manufacturing the devices, the iPhone 6S is known as
N66 while the iPhone 6S Plus is called the N71. Both the devices are expected to
feature a 2GB RAM and run on Apple's new A9 chip. Apple will reportedly use the
ForceTouch display, that provides additional menu of options. Along with the
stronger aluminium body, the company might introduce the upcoming smartphones in
Pink or Rose Gold colour variants.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2015 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              670 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday
                              CourierMail3 Edition

Warper-gate hits new iPhone

BYLINE: Rod Chester

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 176  words


IS THAT a bent iPhone 6 Plus in your pocket or are you just not so happy to see
an unwanted feature in your new Apple phablet?

Just days after the most successful launch of an iPhone for Apple come
unconfirmed reports from some disgruntled iPhone 6 Plus owners who say their
phone has developed a kink from bending in their hip pocket when they sit down.

Users have circulated images online of iPhone 6 Plus phones with a distinct bend
in them.

One person, identifying himself as Hanzoh on the Mac-rumours forum, said he took
his new phone to a wedding, which involved eight hours of driving, dancing and
sitting at dinner.

"As I lay it on the coffee table and sat down on the couch to relax from the
drive (yes, sitting again), I saw the reflection of the window in the iPhone
slightly distorted."Apple has yet to comment on the claims that the super-slim
14cm (5.5-inch) phone is prone to bending into unwanted shapes but there have
been suggestions from some that if you're a bloke planning to get an iPhone 6
Plus, you might want to carry it in a man purse.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Courier-Mail


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              671 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                            October 7, 2014 Tuesday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Apple ups iPhone 6 Plus production: report

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 265 words


"Bendgate" appears to have had little if any impact on sales of Apple's first
phablet, the iPhone 6 Plus.

In fact, according to Digitimes, the company is in the process of adjusting
supply chain ratios so that more examples of the oversized smartphone arrive in
the shops to meet better-than-expected customer demand.

The publication's supply chain sources suggest that Apple initially played it
safe with production of the phablet, expecting to sell lower numbers and as a
result it could take some time for new inventory to hit the shelves.

The iPhone 6 Plus boasts a 5.5-inch HD display and was recently at the eye of a
Twitter storm over an apparent tendency to bend when carried in a rear pocket.
Bendgate generated a host of critical pieces, a number of YouTube videos and
digs disguised as jokes from Apple's main competitors.

However, Apple revealed that only nine people had so far complained to the
company that their phablet had bent and a Consumer Reports investigation into
the matter found that the iPhone 6 Plus was less likely to bend under pressure
than the iPhone 6 or the iPhone 5.

However, now that Bendgate has died down, a new Twitter-powered controversy is
being whipped up -- "Beardgate." It turns out that the tiny seam where the
phone's display meets the body can double up as an impromptu razor or set of
tweezers.

A number of users have discovered that holding the device up to their face to
take a call results in getting whiskers yanked from their faces. Meanwhile
female users are finding that the rear camera extrusion is tangling with their
hair when making calls.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2014 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              672 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Cairns Post (Australia)

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                                 Cairns Edition

iWatch ticks a new box

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 156  words


APPLE yesterday launched a war on three fronts, with two big-screen iPhones to
tackle the phablet threat, a tap-and-touch payment system and a wearable device
it hopes will rule them all.

While the details of the new iPhones have been widely leaked, there were some
surprises including the name of the biggest phone in the Apple family: the
iPhone 6 Plus. The iPhone 6 is a 118mm phone and the iPhone 6 Plus is a 138mm
phone.

The iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus will both have a wireless communication
system which enables people to pay for goods with a tap-and-touch of their phone
at the checkout of bricks and mortar stores.

The payment system begins in America in October but there are no details yet
when it might be released in Australia.

The Apple Watch unveiled yesterday will come in a 38mm and a 42mm watchface, and
three modelsThey go on sale in Australia from September 17, with prices for the
iPhone 6 ranging from $869 to $1249.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Cairns Post


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              673 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                           January 28, 2015 Wednesday

Best phone camera

SECTION: DIGITAL LIFE; Spotlight

LENGTH: 180 words


Apple iPhone 6 Plus

The Sony Xperia Z3's ruggedness means never having to worry about rain or sand
when taking photos. But the Z3's results look way too saturated for our liking.

If you adore selfies, HTC's Desire Eye, with its 13-megapixel front-facing
camera, is the one to use.

LG's G3 produced better selfies, with the right skin tones and great sharpness.
Unfortunately, it lost out to both the Apple iPhone 6 Plus and Samsung Note 4
4G+ in terms of overall camera performance.

In fact, it was a close fight between the idiot-proof people's camera of the
iPhone 6 Plus and the much-improved camera of the Galaxy Note 4. Both are easy
to use and produced excellent pictures with crisp details.

But while Galaxy's higher megapixel count meant more details, it did not do so
well in low-lighting conditions. The iPhone 6 Plus produced better
natural-looking images with or without flash.

As a more solid all-rounder, the iPhone 6 Plus' camera is the winner, just
edging out the Galaxy Note 4.

Other finalists:


o HTC Desire Eye
o LG G3
o Samsung Galaxy Note 4 4G+
o Sony Xperia Z3

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              674 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

China regulator approves iPhone 6 for sale in China

LENGTH: 455  words


Apple Inc's iPhone 6 can now be sold in China, after the company received a
license for the device to be used on China's wireless networks.

A customer holds an iPhone 6 (R) and iPhone 6 Plus after the phones went on sale
at the Fifth Avenue Apple store in Manhattan, New York Sept 19,
2014.[Photo/Agencies]

BEIJING - US tech giant, Apple Computers has announced the release date for the
latest iterations of their popular iPhone smartphones. The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
plus will be released in the Chinese mainland on October 17.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus go for pre-sale on Oct 10 and in-store pickup on
Oct 17. The phones will retail starting at 5,288 yuan and 6,088 yuan
respectively. They will be available across all three Chinese telecom carriers
and Apple's own standalone stores.

The reveal of the release date came on Tuesday afternoon, hours after the
Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT) said that it has granted
a network access license to Apple Inc's latest smartphone, the iPhone 6.

The license approval came after four models of the iPhone 6 passed 3C (China
Compulsory Certification) certification, a mandatory certification system to
inspect and approve various products to be sold in China, and won approval from
the State Radio Regulation earlier this month.

The network access license together with the two other regulatory approvals
means that the iPhone 6 can be sold in China.

The MIIT said in a statement that it made the decision to issue the license
after getting reassurance from Apple that three background service programs,
which reportedly had risks of personal privacy leaks, are only diagnostic tools
that won't be used maliciously.

In a document submitted to the ministry, Apple said that the company won't be
allowed to "interfere with" any personal information without clients' approval,
and it has already taken measures in its ios8 system to make it even more
difficult for anybody to use the tools maliciously.

Apple also said it will improve security and privacy protection for its clients.
The company said it has never and will never set up so-called "back doors" in
any of its products or services in cooperation with any government organ of any
country.

The MIIT said it pays great attention to protecting mobile phone users' personal
information and will strengthen security management of mobile phones, according
to the statement.

The ministry will also enhance network access security review as well as
supervision and inspection of products that are already licensed, saying any
violation of regulations on personal information protection will be investigated
and punished.

IPhone 6 sets records, but problems quickly emerge
Apple fans line up around the world for iPhone 6

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              675 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Surprise iPhone 6 Plus Feature   It Bends

BYLINE: Julia Love

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 367 words


After two weeks of breathlessly covering Applecs new gadgets, we thought wecd
scrutinized the iPhone 6 Plus from every angle. But we didnct think to ask
whether it would be compatible with skinny jeans.

Over the past few days, several users have come forward claiming that their
coveted 6 Plus has started to bend. Most of the incidents arose after users sat
for an extended period of time with the phones in their pockets. People who wear
tight pants appear to be most at risk.

At first, the phenomenon was documented largely throughcTwitter posts topped off
with the hashtag c#bendgate.c But yesterday, Lewis Hilsenteger of Unbox Therapy,
an online technology show, put the rumors to the test. In the video ,
Hilsenteger demonstrates how his new 6 Plus warps under pressure from his
fingers.

cThis was painful to do,c he said. cMaybe this is enough information to push you
in the direction of buying the [iPhone 6]cover the 6 Plus.c

The iPhone 6 Plus, Applecs first cphablet,c vanished almost immediately after it
debuted in stores on Friday, forcing some who had spent hours in line waiting to
leave empty-handed. cThe phone, which measures 5.5 inches diagonally, has been
hailed for its light and thin feel, due in part to its aluminum shell. The
material is also famous for its malleability   we wrap leftovers in aluminum
foil, after all   so perhaps Apple should have braced itself for a more flexible
phone.

Still, some were puzzled that such a gaffe could slip past the valleycs
consummate perfectionist.

cIcm really surprised that this didnct show up at Apple before when they did
testing,c analyst Eric Virey of Yole Developpement, a French research firm, told
SiliconBeat.

But as Tech Crunch pointed out , finding flaw in Applecs latest gadget has
become a favorite fall pastime in the Valley. The tech news sitecalso noted that
reports of bending surfaced with the iPhone 5s and 5c.

A spokeswoman for Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment.

Wecve put out calls to a few material sciences professors to hear their thoughts
on this phenomenon. Wecll report back as they respond.

Applecs new iPhone 6 Plus may bend under pressure, according to early reports
from users (Getty Images).c

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              676 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                      February 19, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Global Payments Announces Support for Apple Pay in China

LENGTH: 287  words


Feb. 19 -- Global Payments Inc. (NYSE: GPN), a leading worldwide provider of
payment technology services, is pleased to offer merchants in China the ability
to accept China UnionPay payments made with Apple Pay, which is transforming
mobile payments with an easy, secure and private way to pay.

Global Payments is fully enabled for Apple Pay acceptance, allowing merchants to
offer their customers the convenience of paying quickly and easily with Apple
Pay in-store.

"Global Payments is pleased to offer merchants the ability to accept Apple Pay
in the important China market," said Frank T. Young, SVP, Global Product and
Innovation. "Our continued commitment to leading payments technology across the
globe allows us to be at the forefront in delivering this innovative payments
solution to merchants in the markets that we serve."

Security and privacy are at the core of Apple Pay. The solution is designed to
leverage Touch ID authentication, as well as a unique Device Account Number that
is assigned, encrypted and securely stored in the Secure Element of the Apple
device, ensuring actual card numbers are not stored on the device or on Apple
servers. Further, each transaction is authorized with a one-time unique dynamic
security code.

Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will continue to receive all of their card
rewards and benefits. In stores, Apple Pay works with Apple Watch and iPhone 6,
iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus. When paying for goods and services
within apps, Apple Pay is compatible with iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6s,
iPhone 6s Plus, iPad Air 2, iPad mini 3, iPad mini 4 and iPad Pro.

For more information on Apple Pay, visit: http://www.apple.com/cn/apple-pay.

Source: Global Payments

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              677 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                   September 10, 2014 Wednesday 10:59 AM GMT

Apple iPhone 6 and Watch revealed

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 715 words


Apple has launched its first smartwatch as well as a new enlarged iPhone, called
the iPhone 6 Plus.

At a highly-anticipated event in California, CEO Tim Cook detailed the firm's
latest product innovations, which also included Apple Pay - designed to "replace
the wallet".

Confirming online rumours, the technology giant revealed its first steps into
the smartwatch market with the Apple Watch, and although the company would not
go into more detail on a launch date beyond "early 2015" confirmed it will be
priced at about £300.

"I am so excited and I am so proud to share it with you this morning. It is the
next chapter in Apple's story," said Mr Cook.

"Apple Watch is most personal device we've ever created. It is worth the wait."

The new iPhone 6 Plus comes with a 5.5-inch screen, compared to the four-inch
screen of the current generation iPhone 5s, while the iPhone 6, which is also
larger, now coming with a 4.7-inch screen. Both devices also have what Apple
call "ion-strengthened glass" screens.

Mr Cook called the handsets "the biggest advancement in the history of iPhone".

The larger of the two new devices, the 6 Plus, also allows for apps such as
Messages and Mail to be displayed in landscape orientation for the first time.

The firm also unveiled a new processor chip, the A8, which will be used to power
new apps and games. P artnerships with game studios including Disney and EA were
also confirmed on stage by Apple's Phil Schiller.

The Cupertino-based firm had been expected to announce two new iPhones, with
speculation and alleged leaks appearing online over the last few weeks.

The new iPhone devices will ship on September 19, with the company's new mobile
operating system, iOS 8, becoming available on iPhone 4s and above from
September 17.

Both new iPhones will ship on September 19, with the iPhone 6 starting at £539,
and the 6 Plus at £619.

Apple also announced its plans to enter the payment market.

Mr Cook said: "Our vision is to replace the wallet and we're going to start with
payments."

He also called magnetic strips on credit cards "outdated and vulnerable" before
introducing Apple's take on the area.

"We love this kind of problem. This is what Apple does best. We've created a new
payment process and it's called Apple Pay," he added.

The new software uses the fingerprint scanner on your phone and native payment
apps to allow users to pay for products by touching their iPhone to payment
outlets.

It uses near-field communication (NFC) technology, used in existing contactless
payments, and the company's own Passbook app to secure your details.

The Find My iPhone app would be used to track and suspend your account if the
device is stolen.

"We are not in the business of collecting your data", said Apple, confirming
that all Apple Pay transactions are not logged by the company.

Major retailers have already signed up to use Apple Pay in their stores,
including Toys R US and Staples.

Online, it is also possible to pay within some apps. For now, the technology is
just been introduced in the US.

The Apple Watch was described as a comprehensive health and fitness interface,
and the traditional watch crown, which Apple calls the Digital Crown, is used to
control the interface.

Mr Cook compared it to the innovation of the mouse on the Mac, and click wheel
on the iPod. The crown can be used to scroll through lists as well as zoom in on
images and maps.

A huge array of designs and straps were shown on-stage, before the audience rose
to give Mr Cook a standing ovation. "It's incredibly customisable", he said.

"The Apple Watch works directly with iPhone, but has its own native version of
iOS."

Rivals Samsung launched their first smartwatch last year, and currently have
several on the market. This is Apple's first piece of wearable technology and
also follows on from Google introducing their Glass headset, and Android Wear
smartwatches.

The Apple Watch has a flexible Retina display, and the screen can sense force
used when tapping it. Apple also confirmed that the device will come in two
sizes.

There are three collections of the Apple Watch - Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport
and Apple Watch Edition.

The new Apple Watch can be completely customised to suit the style of the user,
and also comes with Apple's voice assistant Siri. It will also work with Apple
Pay.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2014 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              678 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                   September 10, 2014 Wednesday 12:21 AM GMT

Apple iPhone 6 and Watch revealed

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 719 words


Apple has launched its first smartwatch as well as a new enlarged iPhone, called
the iPhone 6 Plus.

At a highly-anticipated event in California, CEO Tim Cook detailed the firm's
latest product innovations, which also included Apple Pay - designed to "replace
the wallet".

Confirming online rumours, the technology giant revealed its first steps into
the smartwatch market with the Apple Watch, and although the company would not
go into more detail on a launch date beyond "early 2015" confirmed it will be
priced at about £300.

"I am so excited and I am so proud to share it with you this morning. It is the
next chapter in Apple's story," said Mr Cook.

"Apple Watch is most personal device we've ever created. It is worth the wait."

The new iPhone 6 Plus comes with a 5.5-inch screen, compared to the four-inch
screen of the current generation iPhone 5s, while the iPhone 6, which is also
larger, now coming with a 4.7-inch screen. Both devices also have what Apple
call "ion-strengthened glass" screens.

Mr Cook called the handsets "the biggest advancement in the history of iPhone".

The larger of the two new devices, the 6 Plus, also allows for apps such as
Messages and Mail to be displayed in landscape orientation for the first time.

The firm also unveiled a new processor chip, the A8, which will be used to power
new apps and games. P artnerships with game studios including Disney and EA were
also confirmed on stage by Apple's Phil Schiller.

The Cupertino-based firm had been expected to announce two new iPhones, with
speculation and alleged leaks appearing online over the last few weeks.

The new iPhone devices will ship on September 19, with the company's new mobile
operating system, iOS 8, becoming available on iPhone 4s and above from
September 17.

Both new iPhones will ship on September 19, with the iPhone 6 starting at £539,
and the 6 Plus at £619.

Apple also announced its plans to enter the payment market.

Mr Cook said: "Our vision is to replace the wallet and we're going to start with
payments."

He also called magnetic strips on credit cards "outdated and vulnerable" before
introducing Apple's take on the area.

"We love this kind of problem. This is what Apple does best. We've created a new
payment process and it's called Apple Pay," he added.

The new software uses the fingerprint scanner on your phone and native payment
apps to allow users to pay for products by touching their iPhone to payment
outlets.

It uses near-field communication (NFC) technology, used in existing contactless
payments, and the company's own Passbook app to secure your details.

The Find My iPhone app would be used to track and suspend your account if the
device is stolen.

"We are not in the business of collecting your data", said Apple, confirming
that all Apple Pay transactions are not logged by the company.

Major retailers have already signed up to use Apple Pay in their stores,
including Toys R US and Staples.

Online, it is also possible to pay within some apps. For now, the technology is
just been introduced in the US.

The Apple Watch was described as a comprehensive health and fitness interface,
and the traditional watch crown, which Apple calls the Digital Crown, is used to
control the interface.

Mr Cook compared it to the innovation of the mouse on the Mac, and click wheel
on the iPod. The crown can be used to scroll through lists as well as zoom in on
images and maps.

A huge array of designs and straps were shown on-stage, before the audience rose
to give Mr Cook a standing ovation. "It's incredibly customisable", he said.

"The Apple Watch works directly with iPhone, but has its own native version of
iOS."

Rivals Samsung launched their first smartwatch last year, and currently have
several on the market. This is Apple's first piece of wearable technology and
also follows on from Google introducing their Glass headset, and Android Wear
smartwatches.

The Apple Watch has a flexible Retina display, and the screen can sense force
used when tapping it. Apple also confirmed that the device will come in two
sizes.

There are three collections of the Apple Watch - Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport
and Apple Watch Edition.

The new Apple Watch can be completely customised to suit the style of the user,
and also comes with Apple's voice assistant Siri. It will also work with Apple
Pay.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2014 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              679 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Saudi Gazette

                            October 8, 2015 Thursday

Zain KSA among the list of Top 100 Saudi brands

LENGTH: 554  words


ZAIN KSA brand was chosen for the second time in the list of top 100 brands in
the Kingdom, based on a recent survey by a press institution.

During an event held for this occasion in Riyadh, Saud AlBawardi, Deputy CEO,
chief operations officer, received an award of recognition on behalf of the
company from Prince Faisal Bin Bander, governor of Riyadh, and Prince Bandar Bin
Khaled Alfaisal, chairman of Asir Press and Publications Association.

The company revealed that the awards reaped by its brand is a positive indicator
of its success in raising brand awareness and strengthening its presence as a
leading mobile communication provider in the region, through meeting the needs
and aspirations of its subscribers and users of telecommunications services in
general.

The selection of the Top 100 Saudi Brands in the Kingdom was made after
extensive research studies by Ipsos., the global market research company. The
research, which included 17 sectors, focused on the most prominent brands in the
country in order to highlight them as one of the main pillars supporting the
Saudi economy.

Zain KSA to Offer iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus on Saturday

Zain KSA today announced it will offer iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the most
advanced iPhones ever, beginning on Saturday, October 10. iPhone 6s 16GB will be
available starting at SR 0 upfront on the Zain Xtra 12 months plan. iPhone 6s
Plus 16GB will be available starting at SR 0 upfront on the Zain Xtra 12 months
plan. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will also be available. For additional pricing
details, please visit www.sa.zain.com . iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus bring a
powerful new dimension to iPhone's revolutionary Multi-Touch interface with 3D
Touch, which senses force to enable intuitive new ways to access features and
interact with content. The new iPhones introduce a transformative new approach
to photography called Live Photos, bringing still images to life by capturing a
moment in motion.

Live Photos, 3D Touch, 12-megapixel iSight camera, 5-megapixel Face Time HD
camera with Retina Flash and more are powered by the Apple-designed A9 chip, the
most advanced chip ever in a smartphone, delivering faster performance and great
battery life. iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are designed with Retina HD displays
made from the strongest glass on any smartphone and 7000 series aluminum, the
same alloy used in the aerospace industry, in gorgeous metallic finishes that
now include rose gold.

With Zain's "advanced LTE" network in the Kingdom, you can experience the best
of what iPhone 6s has to offer,  for browsing the web, streaming content and
downloading movies at blazing fast speed. Zain boasts a large LTE footprint
across the Kingdom with the "Reload Project" and its covering now 90 cities with
the LTE technology.

"It gives us immense pleasure to launch the next generation of Apple iPhone.
iPhone 6s with its power-packed features coupled with Zain's LTE Advanced
Network, presents a unique opportunity to iPhone 6s aspirants to maximize their
device experience. There is much more excitement to share in the future and we
look forward to our continuing partnership with Apple," said Sherif Khairy
Tahoun, Chief Sales Officer at Zain KSA. - SG

http://imgs.syndigate.info/511/1526/45/144440494416.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/511/1526/45/144440494416.jpg

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1526


                       Copyright 2015 The Saudi Gazette.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              680 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             hollywoodreporter.com

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

Apple to Launch China Sales of iPhone 6 on Oct. 17

BYLINE: Georg Szalai

SECTION: NEWS; TAG

LENGTH: 208  words


Apple said Tuesday that its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available in
China, after delays, beginning Oct. 17.

Pre-orders from the Apple online store will start on Friday, Oct. 10.

"We are thrilled to bring iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus to our customers in China
on all three carriers at launch," said Apple CEO Tim Cook. "iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus customers will have access to high-speed mobile networks from China
Mobile, China Telecom and China Unicom for an incredible experience."

Read more 10 Takeaways From Apple's Big iPhone and Watch Event

The news means the devices will hit the Chinese market, the largest smartphone
market in the world, about a month after they became available in the U.S. and
other countries.

China's Ministry of Industry and Information Technology issued network access
licenses to the new Apple phones after the tech giant addressed privacy risks
raised in a government agency's safety test, the Wall Street Journalreported.
The ministry's concerns included software that it argued could be used by third
parties to access user data.

Analysts have lauded the strong early sales trends for the new iPhones,
including a company record for sales over the first weekend.

Email: Georg.Szalai@THR.com Twitter: @georgszalai


LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: ONLINE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                    Copyright 2014 VNU Business Media, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              681 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 28, 2015 Monday 4:44 PM GMT

Apple breaks sales record as 13 million iPhones sold in first three days of new
models hitting the shops;
NEW iPhone 6s and 6s Plus smartphones fly off the shelves with figures boosted
by the fact that China is now a launch day country for the first time.

BYLINE: By Martyn Landi

SECTION: NEWS,BUSINESS & CONSUMER

LENGTH: 245 words


APPLE has sold more than 13 million new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus smartphones in the
first three days of sale, the technology giant has announced.

The figure is a new record for Apple, having previously sold 10m of the iPhone 6
and 6 Plus when it went on sale last year.

The new 6s model, which costs around £460, has a better camera, faster processor
and a pressure-sensitive screen for the first time.

Queues formed outside Apple Stores around the world when the new phones went on
sale on Friday.

The company's chief executive Tim Cook said of the figures: "Sales for iPhone 6s
and iPhone 6s Plus have been phenomenal, blowing past any previous first weekend
sales results in Apple's history.

"Customers' feedback is incredible and they are loving 3D Touch and Live Photos,
and we can't wait to bring iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus to customers in even
more countries on October 9."

Following the launch of the iPhone 6 last year, Apple went on to sell more than
70m units in three months, and post the largest ever quarterly profit by a
public company in history of £11.8billion.

There had been suggestions that given the huge sales last year, and the modest
upgrades on the device that demand could drop, however the addition of China as
a launch day country for the first time is likely to have boosted demand once
again.

Apple confirmed the new iPhones will also launch in 40 more countries on October
9, and reach 130 countries by the end of the year.

Quick Quiz: News 24/09/15

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              682 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 15, 2014 Monday

Washington: iPhone 6 Prepared for Takeoff... Literally

LENGTH: 236  words

DATELINE: Washington


Association of Fight Attendants-CWA has issued the following news release:

iPhone 6 Prepared for Takeoff... Literally 300x199 iPhone 6 Prepared for
Takeoff... LiterallyUnited Airlines has announced plans to equip its flight
attendants with Apple's iPhone 6 Plus, making United the latest major carrier to
embrace mobile technology for in-flight crew members.

The effort is designed to put important safety and service information at flight
attendants' fingertips while simultaneously "enhancing their ability to meet
customers' needs."

According to the airline's announcement, United will begin distribution of
iPhone 6 Plus units to its more than 23,000 mainline flight attendants during
the second quarter of 2015.

Upon introduction, the devices will have the ability to handle most onboard
retail transactions and will enable access to company email, united.com and the
company's Intranet as well as policies and procedures manuals.

"We are thrilled to make this investment in our flight attendants," said Sam
Risoli, United's senior vice president of inflight services. "iPhone 6 Plus will
enable them to deliver an even higher level of flyer-friendly service and will
offer our flight attendants simple, one-touch access to valuable work
information, enabling them to better serve our customers."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              683 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Yorkshire Post

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

What to expect from the new iPhone 6

BYLINE: David Behrens

LENGTH: 399  words


APPLE'S iPhone is like your hair - every year it gets lighter and thinner.

This year, it's also got bigger. Responding to competition from large-screen
Android phones by Samsung, Apple has upped the display size of the basic iPhone
6 from four to 4.7 inches. The new iPhone 6 Plus goes even further, with a
near-tablet sized 5.5-inch screen - almost half an inch bigger than Samsung's
Galaxy S5.

Under the hood, Apple has updated its software, opening the way for third-party
developers to push out alternative keyboards - a feature Android users have long
enjoyed.

The new phones still lack home-screen widgets - Apple remains strictly
icons-only - but there are improvements to the photos and messaging apps - you
can now give names to conversations and share your location with others. And
Apple's personal assistant Siri can now identify a song playing in the
background.

You don't need an iPhone 6 to enjoy all the new features - the new software is
also available free for the iPhone 4s upwards, and for most iPads.

Today, fans finally got their hands on the new handsets. Some began camping
outside the Apple store in Regent Street, London on Monday.

Around 30 or so people set up camp outside the Apple store in London's Covent
Garden yesterday, with tents, tables and chairs and even bottles of wine bearing
testimony to their dedication.

Among them was Lasse Maroen, who caught a three-hour flight from his home in
Bergen, Norway with friends from work to get the iPhone 6.

He said: "I have been here since this morning. We came here last year to get the
iPhone 5s. We had such a good time so we decided to go back this year."

Asked if he was a "technology geek", he said: "I have been known to buy the new
iPhones on the day they come out since the first one in 2007, so pretty much."

Mr Maroen said he planned to buy the handset outright. The iPhone 6 is expected
to start at £539, and the 6 Plus at £619.

Network operator EE has also said it will ensure that customers who had
pre-ordered new handsets through Phones 4u, which went into administration on
Sunday, would still be able to get them in its stores.

A spokesman said: "All across the country we have set aside iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus handsets, enough for Phones 4u customers who pre-ordered iPhones on EE
through Phones 4u.

"If they go into EE stores and show their pre-order receipts they will be able
to claim one of the devices."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NLYP


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              684 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            November 4, 2014 Tuesday

MAGID ON TECH: Google's high-end phone is valiant first try

BYLINE: By Larry Magid Daily News Columnist

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; Peninsula; News; Local

LENGTH: 483 words


For the past few days, I've been testing Google's new Nexus 6 phone, which
compares favorably against the iPhone 6 Plus.

The Nexus 6 is a very big phone, so if you think the iPhone 6 Plus is too big,
you'll feel even more so about the Nexus 6. On the other hand, the screen is
also bigger, so the way I do the math, you get a 8.4 percent larger screen on a
phone that's less than 1 percent longer and 7 percent wider than the iPhone 6
Plus.

One thing Google (and Motorola, which built the phone) did better than Apple is
to avoid wasted space by avoiding an extra tall bezel, especially at the top of
the phone. Unlike iPhones, the Nexus 6 doesn't have a physical home button. Its
new Lollipop (Android 5.0) operating system provides for virtual buttons
including a home button, a back button and the recent apps button, all of which
look a bit different than on previous versions of Android.

The Nexus 6's 1440-by-2560-pixel (493 ppi) AMOLED display is brilliant and
compares very well to the iPhone 6 Plus's 1920-by-1080-pixel (401 ppi) screen.
You can't go wrong either way when it comes to screen resolution. I watched a
Netflix video and read portions of a Kindle book on the Nexus 6, and while
watching video on a large phone isn't quite as immersive as watching it on a
tablet, it's not bad. And the sound quality from the Nexus 6 front-mounted
stereo speakers is excellent. With the volume cranked all the way up, I could
hear it well from anywhere in an average-sized living room without significant
distortion. It's one of the few phones I would consider listening to without
headphones.

The phone is equipped with a 3,200 mAh battery which, according to Google,
offers up to 24 hours talk time and 300 hours of standby time or 8.5 hours of
Internet use. The iPhone 6 Plus has a 2,915 MAh battery, though Apple claims
higher usage. In my experience, a manufacturers' battery life estimates need to
be taken with a grain of salt. Google is also promising a 15-minute charging
time with the Turbo Charger that comes with the phone.

The phone has a 13-megapixel rear camera and a 2 MP front "selfie" camera. The
picture quality is quite good, as smartphone cameras go. Video can be shot at
1080p HD and 2160p Ultra HD at 30 frames per second, according to Google.

Overall, I'm walking away with a positive first impression. I need some more
time to delve into the phone's features but -- based on what I've seen -- Google
has an excellent entry in the high-end phone category.

At $649 for the 32 GB version or $699 for the 64 GB unlocked models, it's toward
the high end of the price curve, but still quite a bit less expensive than the
iPhone 6 Plus.

Unfortunately, there is no microSD slot for additional storage. The phone has a
2.7 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 805 quad-core processor and an Adreno 420 GPU, which
helps contribute to the snappy response time.

Email Larry Magid at larry@larrymagid.com

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              685 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Yorkshire Post

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

What to expect from the new iPhone 6

BYLINE: David Behrens

LENGTH: 401  words


APPLE'S iPhone is like your granddad's hair - every year it gets lighter and
thinner.

This year, it's also got bigger. Responding to competition from large-screen
Android phones by Samsung, Apple has upped the display size of the basic iPhone
6 from four to 4.7 inches. The new iPhone 6 Plus goes even further, with a
near-tablet sized 5.5-inch screen - almost half an inch bigger than Samsung's
Galaxy S5.

Under the hood, Apple has updated its software, opening the way for third-party
developers to push out alternative keyboards - a feature Android users have long
enjoyed.

The new phones still lack home-screen widgets - Apple remains strictly
icons-only - but there are improvements to the photos and messaging apps - you
can now give names to conversations and share your location with others. And
Apple's personal assistant Siri can now identify a song playing in the
background.

You don't need an iPhone 6 to enjoy all the new features - the new software is
also available free for the iPhone 4s upwards, and for most iPads.

Today, fans finally got their hands on the new handsets. Some began camping
outside the Apple store in Regent Street, London on Monday.

Around 30 or so people set up camp outside the Apple store in London's Covent
Garden yesterday, with tents, tables and chairs and even bottles of wine bearing
testimony to their dedication.

Among them was Lasse Maroen, who caught a three-hour flight from his home in
Bergen, Norway with friends from work to get the iPhone 6.

He said: "I have been here since this morning. We came here last year to get the
iPhone 5s. We had such a good time so we decided to go back this year."

Asked if he was a "technology geek", he said: "I have been known to buy the new
iPhones on the day they come out since the first one in 2007, so pretty much."

Mr Maroen said he planned to buy the handset outright. The iPhone 6 is expected
to start at £539, and the 6 Plus at £619.

Network operator EE has also said it will ensure that customers who had
pre-ordered new handsets through Phones 4u, which went into administration on
Sunday, would still be able to get them in its stores.

A spokesman said: "All across the country we have set aside iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus handsets, enough for Phones 4u customers who pre-ordered iPhones on EE
through Phones 4u.

"If they go into EE stores and show their pre-order receipts they will be able
to claim one of the devices."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NLYP


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              686 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Apple charts new course with large iPhones, smartwatch

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 478 words


Apple moved to recapture its role as the leading tech trend-setter on Tuesday
when the California giant unveiled its first smartwatch and two large-screen
versions of the iPhone.

In a major product event, Apple also said it was introducing a new mobile wallet
that will allow consumers to simply tap their phones to pay retailers, aiming to
popularize the idea of mobile payments.

The Apple Watch, a sleekly designed wrist device which links to the iPhone,
"will redefine what people expect from this category," chief executive Tim Cook
said in Apple's hometown Cupertino, California.

"It is the next chapter in Apple's story."

Also unveiled were the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, in a large boost to the
screen size of the popular handsets.

Apple's main rival Samsung has long had a range of larger handsets and has tried
to market a smartwatch of its own.

The iPhone 6 will have a screen of 4.7 inches and the 6-Plus will be 5.5 inches,
allowing Apple to adapt to consumers' apparent preference for bigger displays.

Cook said the new handsets represented "the biggest advancement in the history
of iPhones."

Apple senior vice president Phil Schiller the new iPhones were "simply stunning"
with polarized glass displays and bodies that are "thinner than ever before."

"These are the best phones ever made," Schiller said, as he described the new
devices at a major set-piece event streamed live online.

The new iPhone 6 will start at the same price of existing iPhones at $199 for US
customers while the iPhone 6 Plus will be at $299 with a two-year contract.

Schiller said the devices would be available in at least 115 countries by the
end of the year.

With the new launch, Apple will cut the price of existing iPhone 5S and 5C with
the launch.

Apple's move, expanding the latest iPhone with a four-inch screen, comes as
consumers are switching to handsets with bigger displays to watch videos and
browse the Internet.

Observers say the time is right for Apple to introduce a generation of iPhone 6
models with screen sizes stretched to tap into users' love for "phablets" that
combine the features of smartphones and tablets.

Cook said the ApplePay system would replace an "antiquated payment process" with
"an entirely new payment system" that allows consumers to touch their phones to
retail terminals.

The new payment system will be built into the new iPhones and the upgraded
Apple's operating system called iOS 8.

Cook said that in the United States alone each day, "that's 200 million times
that we scramble through our credit cards and go through what is a fairly
antiquated payment process."

He said other efforts have failed because the companies introducing mobile
wallets were working on the basis of "their self-interest" instead of the user
experience.

Cook showed a video of a consumer tapping a phone on a payment terminal,
commenting, "it's so cool."

bur-rl/dc

APPLE INC.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2014 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              687 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             The Malta Independent

                               September 26, 2014

Apple's response to iPhone glitches is key

LENGTH: 775  words


Apple's response to a high-profile gaffe involving its iPhone software may be
more important than the glitch itself.

As the giant tech company scrambled to fix a software glitch that left some of
its new iPhones unable to make calls, some analysts said Thursday that Apple is
doing the right thing by quickly acknowledging and apologizing for the problem
-- which it was slower to do with earlier iPhone problems.

Apple released a new update late Thursday that the company said would repair the
problems caused by software it released Wednesday morning. And it repeated an
earlier apology to owners of its newest iPhones who were affected by that buggy
release.

"There's a certain perception that Apple has to get things right, and when they
don't, the whole company gets questioned," said Carolina Milanesi, chief of
research at Kantar Worldpanel. "But they came out and said 'We apologize; we're
working 24/7 to fix it.' I think that's what matters."

Apple's stock fell nearly 4 percent Thursday, leading a broader decline in
technology shares, a day after the company was forced to withdraw an update to
its new iOS 8 mobile software because of glitches that primarily affected
customers who had purchased its new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models. The 6 Plus phone
has also been the subject of social media reports that its extra-large shell is
vulnerable to bending.

In a statement Thursday, Apple defended its manufacturing standards and said
bending "is extremely rare" with normal use of an iPhone. The company said just
nine customers had contacted Apple to report a bent iPhone 6 Plus since they
went on sale Friday.

Later in the day, Apple released a new update, dubbed iOS 8.0.2, which it said
would fix the problems caused by the iOS 8.0.1 update that it released on
Wednesday. "We apologize for inconveniencing the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
users who were impacted by the bug in iOS 8.0.1," the company said in a
statement.

A day earlier, the company had also apologized "for the great inconvenience
experienced by users" and vowed to work "around the clock" to fix the problem.

Cupertino-based Apple has said it sold a record 10 million of the new iPhone
models over the weekend, in what the company has called one of the biggest
product launches in its history. It also reported this week that nearly half of
all iPhone and iPad users had upgraded to the new software known as iOS 8.

That new software contains a number of new features and is more complex than
earlier versions of iOS, analysts said. Apple released the 8.0.1 update on
Wednesday to fix some flaws that were detected after iOS 8 was released -- only
to find the 8.0.1 update created problems of its own. The new problems included
interference with calling and with a feature that lets people unlock their
phones with their fingerprint.

That's not uncommon, according to veteran tech analyst Ross Rubin of Reticle
Research. "All major companies have released fixes that they've had to pull
because of unforeseen side-effects," he added.

As for the bending issue, Rubin said the iPhone 6 Plus is "a large, thin device.
That's not to say customers should treat it gingerly, but it's still an
electronic product and it's an investment, and it should be treated as such."

Apple is held to a higher standard by many consumers, analysts said. But
Milanesi said she thought the company suffered more harm a few years ago, when
it was slow to acknowledge complaints about poor reception and dropped calls
that affected new iPhone 4 models when they were released in 2010. The company
eventually offered a fix for the problem, after then-CEO Steve Jobs initially
suggested users just needed to hold the phone differently.

"There wasn't any of that this time," Milanesi said. She noted that Jobs'
successor, CEO Tim Cook, had also taken responsibility and apologized for
initial problems with Apple's Maps software when it was first released.

Meanwhile, one analyst said Thursday's stock sell-off was more likely related to
broader market concerns than investor unease about the new iPhones.

"Earnings is what drives the stock the most," said Walter Piecyk of BTIG
Research. "It's too early to say what the impact's going to be, but it does not
appear to be something that would impact the company's ability to deliver on
earnings" in the next two quarters.

Apple said users affected by the software glitch can connect their phone to a
Mac or Windows computer and download a file to restore an earlier version of the
iOS 8 software.

Apple offered a Web page with instructions: http://support.apple.com/kb/HT6487.

Thecompany'sstockendedThursdaydown$3.88at$97.87.Earlierthismonth,ithitanall-time
highof$103.74.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1594


                    Copyright 2014 Standard Publications Ltd
               Provided by Syndigate Media Inc. (Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              688 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Free Press Journal (India)

                               September 10, 2014

Best features of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus

LENGTH: 821  words


The iPhone 6 has a 4.7-inch display, and the new iPhone 6 Plus is a 5.5-inch
model. The new iPhones won't just have bigger screens, but will have a new,
horizontal viewing mode to take advantage of the larger display.

Both the phones will be available in Silver, Gold, Space Grey. The iPhone 6
comes in three different flavors: 16GB, 64GB, and 128GB.

Some interesting features include: User can add voice, video, and location to
any message, horizontal viewing, predictive keyboard (that will learn your style
of texting/ messaging and includes third party keyboards), claim to offer better
battery life than iPhone 5S, better camera, NFC and special features focused at
enterprise users.

Pre-orders start on September 12 and Apple will begin shipping the devices
September 19. The latest version of its mobile operating system iOS 8 will be
released for free on September 17.

The new iPhones will come to India on October 17.

Here's what Apple is offering in the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus:

iPhone 6 Tech Specs:

     ·     +  Display  Retina HD display

          4.7-inch (diagonal) LED-backlit widescreen MultiTouch display with IPS
          technology

          1334750-pixel resolution at 326 ppi

          1400:1 contrast ratio (typical)

          500 cd/m2 max brightness (typical)

          Full sRGB standard

          Dual-domain pixels for wide-angle viewing

          Fingerprint-resistant oleophobic coating on front

          Support for display of multiple languages and characters
          simultaneously

          Display Zoom

          Reachability
     ·     +  Power & Battery  Built-in rechargeable lithium-ion battery

          Charging via USB to computer system or power adapter.

          Talk time: up to 14 hours on 3G

          Standby time: up to 10 days (250 hours)

          Internet use: up to 10 hours on 3G, up to 11 hours on WiFi

          Video playback: up to 11 hours

          Audio playback: up to 50 hours
     ·     +  Weight  129 grams



iPhone 6 Plus Tech Specs:

     ·     +  Display  Retina HD display

          5.5-inch (diagonal) LED-backlit widescreen MultiTouch display with IPS
          technology

          19201080-pixel resolution at 401 ppi

          1300:1 contrast ratio (typical)

          500 cd/m2 max brightness (typical)

          Full sRGB standard

          Dual-domain pixels for wide-angle viewing

          Fingerprint-resistant oleophobic coating on front

          Support for display of multiple languages and characters
          simultaneously

          Display Zoom

          Reachability
     ·     +  Power & Battery  Built-in rechargeable lithium-ion battery.
          Charging via USB to computer system or power adapter

          Talk time: up to 24 hours on 3G

          Standby time: up to 16 days (384 hours)

          Internet use: up to 12 hours on 3G, up to 12 hours on WiFi

          Video playback: up to 14 hours

          Audio playback: up to 80 hours
     ·     +  Weight  172 grams



Common iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus Tech Specs:

Chips/ Processor:

     ·    A8 chip with 64-bit architecture
     ·    M8 motion coprocessor


iSight Camera:

     ·    New 8-megapixel iSight camera with 1.5 pixels
     ·    Autofocus with Focus Pixels
     ·    /2.2 aperture
     ·    Optical image stabilisation (iPhone 6 Plus only)
     ·    True Tone flash
     ·    Five-element lens
     ·    Hybrid IR filter
     ·    Backside illumination sensor
     ·    Sapphire crystal lens cover
     ·    Auto image stabilisation
     ·    Auto HDR for photos
     ·    Improved face detection
     ·    Exposure control
     ·    Panorama (up to 43 megapixels)
     ·    Burst mode
     ·    Tap to focus
     ·    Photo geotagging
     ·    Timer mode


Video Recording:

     ·    1080p HD video recording (30 fps or 60 fps)
     ·    True Tone flash
     ·    Slo-mo video (120 fps or 240 fps)
     ·    Time-lapse video
     ·    Cinematic video stabilisation
     ·    Continuous autofocus video
     ·    Take still photos while recording video
     ·    Improved face detection
     ·    3x zoom
     ·    Video geotagging


FaceTime Camera:

     ·    1.2-megapixel photos (1280960)
     ·    /2.2 aperture
     ·    720p HD video recording
     ·    Backside illumination sensor
     ·    Auto HDR for photos and videos
     ·    Improved face detection
     ·    Burst mode
     ·    Exposure control


Touch ID:

     ·    Fingerprint identity sensor built into the Home button


Mobile and Wireless:

     ·    802.11a/b/g/n/ac WiFi
     ·    Bluetooth 4.0 wireless technology
     ·    NFC


Location:

     ·    Assisted GPS and GLONASS
     ·    Digital compass
     ·    WiFi
     ·    Mobile data
     ·    iBeacon micro-location


Audio Playback:

     ·    Audio formats supported: AAC (8 to 320 Kbps), Protected AAC (from
          iTunes Store), HEAAC, MP3 (8 to 320 Kbps), MP3 VBR, Audible (formats
          2, 3, 4, Audible Enhanced Audio, AAX and AAX+), Apple Lossless, AIFF
          and WAV


TV and Video:

     ·    AirPlay Mirroring, photos, audio and video out to Apple TV (2nd
          generation or later)
     ·    Video mirroring and video out support: up to 1080p through Lightning
          Digital AV Adapter and Lightning to VGA Adapter (adapters sold
          separately)
     ·    Video formats supported: H.264 video up to 1080p, 60 frames per
          second, High Profile level 4.2 with AAC-LC audio up to 160 Kbps,
          48kHz, stereo audio in .m4v, .mp4 and .mov file formats; MPEG-4 video
          up to 2.5 Mbps, 640480 pixels, 30 frames per second, Simple Profile
          with AAC-LC audio up to 160 Kbps per channel, 48kHz, stereo audio in
          .m4v, .mp4 and .mov file formats; Motion JPEG (M-JPEG) up to 35 Mbps,
          1280720 pixels, 30 frames per second, audio in ulaw, PCM stereo audio
          in .avi file format


Sensors:

     ·    Touch ID
     ·    Barometer
     ·    Three-axis gyro
     ·    Accelerometer
     ·    Proximity sensor
     ·    Ambient light sensor


SIM Card:

     ·    Nano-SIM. iPhone 6 is not compatible with existing micro-SIM cards.


Source: https://www.apple.com/in/

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2014 Indian National Press Bombay Ltd, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              689 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                   City A.M.

                           September 15, 2015 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

iPhone 6s sales on track to beat Apple's records

BYLINE: LYNSEY BARBER AND SUZIE NEUWIRTH

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 232 words


APPLE said yesterday that sales of its new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are on track to
beat last year's record-breaking iPhone 6 and 6 Plus sales on the first weekend
they hit the shops.

"Customer response to iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus has been extremely positive
and pre-orders this weekend were very strong around the world. We are on pace to
beat last year's 10m unit first weekend record when the new iPhones go on sale
September 25," the technology giant said in a statement to CNBC.

The California-headquartered company said it had experienced large demand
online, but did not reveal exact figures. Analysts have estimated sales of
around 4.5m during the first 24 hours, compared with 4m during the first day
last year.

"As many customers noticed, the online demand for iPhone 6s Plus has been
exceptionally strong and exceeded our own forecasts for the pre-order period. We
are working to catch up as quickly as we can, and we will have iPhone 6s Plus as
well as iPhone 6s units available at Apple retail stores when they open next
Friday," it said.

Last year's record sales beat that of the previous iPhone 5s and 5C in 2013,
which stood at 9m after three days.

Investors and analysts have voiced concerns over whether Apple can sustain its
growth momentum, but the market seemed reassured yesterday. Shares in Apple were
up by nearly two per cent in early trading and closed 0.96 per cent higher.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CAM


                            Copyright 2015 City A.M.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              690 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                      October 7, 2014 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone 6 pre-order begins today, spotted ready to go online at noon today

LENGTH: 211  words


Yesterday it was reported that Apple will launch its latest iPhone  6 and 6 Plus
in Indian market on 17th October. The phone was expected to hit pre-order status
today.

Apart from the company's distribution partners Ingram Micro, Redington, Rashi
Peripherals and Reliance, the handset has been added to the online store
Flipkart. According to a post on Flipkart the phone will come for pre-order at
noon today. Check here.

The handset (only Iphone 6) has been spotted at Ingram and Rashi Peripherals
with a coming soon tag. Check here and here.

We are yet to see the phone coming up at Airtel and Aircel  who are also
partners with Apple for the new phone.

Though it is left to the distributors to declare the price of the handset here
are the expected prices of the new iPhones

Apple Iphone 6 16 GB INR 53,500

Apple iPhone 6 64 GB INR 62,500

Apple iPhone 6 128 GB INR 71,500

Apple iPhone 6 Plus16 GB INR 62,500

Apple iPhone 6 Plus 64 GB INR 71,500

Apple iPhone 6 Plus128 GB INR 80,500

Apple iPhone 6 is a A8 chip with a 64-bit processor based phone that comes with
a 4.7 inch display screen and a display resolution of 1334 x 750 pixels. The
handset runs the latest iOS 8 operating system and has 8 megapixel iSight
camera on board with a 1.2 megapixel camera on the front side.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              691 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                      October 7, 2014 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone 6 pre-order begins today, spotted ready to go online at noon today

LENGTH: 211  words


Yesterday it was reported that Apple will launch its latest iPhone  6 and 6 Plus
in Indian market on 17th October. The phone was expected to hit pre-order status
today.

Apart from the company's distribution partners Ingram Micro, Redington, Rashi
Peripherals and Reliance, the handset has been added to the online store
Flipkart. According to a post on Flipkart the phone will come for pre-order at
noon today. Check here.

The handset (only Iphone 6) has been spotted at Ingram and Rashi Peripherals
with a coming soon tag. Check here and here.

We are yet to see the phone coming up at Airtel and Aircel  who are also
partners with Apple for the new phone.

Though it is left to the distributors to declare the price of the handset here
are the expected prices of the new iPhones

Apple Iphone 6 16 GB INR 53,500

Apple iPhone 6 64 GB INR 62,500

Apple iPhone 6 128 GB INR 71,500

Apple iPhone 6 Plus16 GB INR 62,500

Apple iPhone 6 Plus 64 GB INR 71,500

Apple iPhone 6 Plus128 GB INR 80,500

Apple iPhone 6 is a A8 chip with a 64-bit processor based phone that comes with
a 4.7 inch display screen and a display resolution of 1334 x 750 pixels. The
handset runs the latest iOS 8 operating system and has 8 megapixel iSight
camera on board with a 1.2 megapixel camera on the front side.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              692 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                South Wales Echo

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Apple goes big on new iPhone

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 109 words


APPLE has introduced a new bigger iPhone for the first time, called the iPhone 6
Plus.

At an event in California last night, CEO Tim Cook said: "Today we're launching
the biggest advancement in the history of iPhone."

The new iPhone 6 Plus comes with a 5.5-inch screen, compared to the four-inch
screen of the current generation iPhone 5s. Apple also introduced the iPhone 6,
which is also larger, now coming with a 4.7-inch screen. Both devices also have
what Apple call "ion-strengthened glass" screens. The larger of the two new
devices, the 6 Plus, also allows for apps such as Messages and Mail to be
displayed in landscape orientation for the first time.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide product
marketing, discusses the camera features on the new iPhone 6 MARCIO JOSE SANCHEZ

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SWE


                    Copyright 2014 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              693 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Leicester Mercury

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

An i-queue in the hundreds!

BYLINE: by Yasmin Duffin

SECTION: AGENCY:NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 397  words


Hundreds of iPhone 6 fans queued outside Leicester's Highcross shopping centre
overnight to ensure they were the first to get their hands on the new model.

A line of tech-heads snaked through the shopping centre yesterday morning, which
had opened early at 6am.

Sham Patel, who was at the front of the queue, was greeted by a round of
applause from staff when the Apple  Store  opened  at 8am.

The 19-year-old, of Thurmaston, who had been waiting for nearly 24 hours, said:
"It feels really good to finally have my hands on it.

"I was pleased to finally see the phone but I must admit, I was sad to see the
money go."

The price of an iPhone 6 costs  from £539 and iPhone 6 Plus, from £619.

Sham said he felt like a celebrity as he walked through the doors to buy his
iPhone 6 Plus.

He said: "I plan on gloating to all of my friends and family for a little bit -
I'm looking forward to showing it off, but them I'm off to bed.

"It will be the Apple Watch next - but I might pre-order that one."

Ronak Karia   queued  for nearly 12 hours  with his girlfriend, Shanice Heggs.

Ronak, 20, of Thurmaston, who also brought an iPhone 6 Plus, said: "It is very
exciting.

"The time actually passed really quickly overnight, I'd definitely do it again -
the wait was worth it."

Shanice said: "I need a bath before I even think about playing on my phone - I
feel so gross. But I agree, it was worth the wait."

Jamie Patel, 19, of Thurmaston, who also joined the queue at 9am on Thursday,
said   "adrenalin" had kept him awake through the night.

"People might criticise us for queuing all night, but to them, I'd say 'ha ha,
I've got the new iPhone and you don't'."

Pal  Nikeal Choha, 19, of Evington,  said: "It's great, I can't stop smiling-
although, I'm ready for bed now."

Mohammed Ibrahim, 21, of Highfields, was among the first 20 in the queue. He
said: "It was a slightly chilly night, but I do it because I love Apple.

"I'm so excited to be one of the first in Leicester to get the phone."

Another keen iPhone user, Fred Ifedapo, 37, of Leicester city centre, had been
waiting since Thursday afternoon.

"I do it because of my passion for Apple and iPhones," he said. "I want to be
one of the first in Leicester to touch the new model."

The Apple Watch, which will work in synch with the iPhone 5, 5c, 5s, 6 and 6
Plus, will be available next year  in a range of colours and sizes.

leicestermercury.co.uk/news

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple corps: The queue in the Apple Store, at Leicester's Highcross,
where the iPhone 6 went on sale at 8am yesterday. One customer, Sham Patel, of
Thurmaston, queued for nearly 24 hours
it's In the bag! Ronak Karia and his girlfriend, Shanice Heggs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              694 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

IPhone 6 cameras live up to the hype for sure

BYLINE: Jefferson Graham, jgraham@usatoday.com, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 650 words


Apple's new iPhones boast their best cameras ever, with many features that rival
those found in $1,000-and-up DSLRs. So we were excited to spend the past few
days shooting to see whether the results lived up to Apple's hype.

The verdict: Shooting on the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus is truly an improvement,
the best iPhone photo/video experience yet.

But, get this: The marketing hype would have you believe that to get the
ultimate iPhoneography experience, you'll need the iPhone 6 Plus, the larger and
more expensive of the two models, starting at $299 with a two-year contract,
because of one feature that isn't available on the easier-to-obtain iPhone 6.

But in my tests, the new feature didn't trump what I was getting on the plain
iPhone 6. The improved camera is that good.

The new feature only available on the 6 Plus: optical image stabilization, for
steadying the shot and getting sharper images in low light. It's fantastic. But
the image stabilization isn't so bad on the iPhone 6, either.

Let's dive in.

The new iSight camera has the same 8-megapixel sensor as the iPhone 5s, but
Apple says the new camera has larger individual pixels. Additionally, the
front-facing camera has been enhanced, and both can do a better job in low
light.

We shot images in the near-dark while visiting the set of CBS' new TV series,
Scorpion, and got acceptable -- but noisy -- results.

The advancement that most people will enjoy is a new "Burst" mode for selfies.
Hold your finger down on the shutter for as long as you like, and make multiple
silly faces. I got 40 wacky selfies with Scorpion star Katharine McPhee and had
lots of fun doing it. I did another test and quit after 175 shots -- the camera
showed no signs of letting go.

Slo-Mo. This is a gimmick feature that everyone will use at least once. But it's
so good, you'll want to come back for more. You can now get slower-than-ever
motion, at 240 frames per second, up from the previous 120 frames per second,
and it looks absolutely fantastic. Check out the accompanying video at
tech.usatoday.com for an example.

Time Lapse. This is the flip side of Slo Mo, where the world seems to fly by at
the speed of sound. You've seen online time-lapse videos, or perhaps Instagram's
popular new Hyperlapse app, watching sunsets zoom by or flowers bloom.

I like Time Lapse videos better on the iPhone than via the Hyperlapse app,
because you can shoot for longer periods ("hours," according to Apple, vs. 45
minutes tops for the app). To make a really good Time Lapse video, you have to
be willing to let it roll for a long time -- because two minutes of shooting
will produce just an eight-second video.

Focus Pixels. Apple promises double the pixel power for faster auto focusing.
Example: You're in a room, shooting your aunt, and you quickly pan to your
cousin, and then back to your aunt again. In the past, the camera would hunt
around for a few seconds to get the focus right. Now, with the iPhone 6 and 6
Plus, both relatives come immediately into focus. We tested this at the Scorpion
set, at lunch at Chipotle and in the #TalkingTech garage, where it worked as
advertised. It's fantastic, one of the best new features.

Exposure control. After years of shooting everything in 100% auto mode, Apple
has finally added manual exposure control to your images -- both before and
after the shot.

Reader alert: Two of the iPhone 6 camera features are included in the update to
Apple's iOS8 operating system -- Time Lapse and Exposure Control -- so if you
can't get your hands on a new phone, you can get these features for free as a
download.

ISIGHT FEATURES

"Burst" mode:  Allows continuous frame shooting.

Slo-Mo: Slows things down.

Time Lapse: Speeds them up.

Focus Pixels: Delivers faster auto-focus.

Exposure Control: Users can now manually adjust.

Improved image stabilization: Even in low light.

Optical image stabilization: For even sharper images. IPhone 6 Plus ONLY.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Jefferson Graham, USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2014 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              695 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                    September 13, 2014 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

5.5 inch Apple iPhone 6 Plus to be delayed by more than a month

LENGTH: 120  words


While the latest Apple launch have been able to grab eyeballs and the handsets
register huge pre-orders, for the Iphone 6 Plus things are not very good. The
bigger Iphone 6 could see a delay in shipping.

According to a report in Reuters this week the iPhone 6 pre-order page is
showing a waiting time of up to a month.

On the AT&T website the iPhone 6 Plus will start shipping between November 9 to
November 27. Verizon Wireless and Sprint Corp, has also showed shipment delays
of up to six weeks on their respective websites.

We have getting rumours about Apple facing production related problems with the
display screen of the for the new bigger iPhone 6 since last few months. With
the delay the rumours seem to be confirmed.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              696 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                           January 21, 2015 Wednesday

iPhone 6 erode Samsung market share;
iPhone 6

LENGTH: 216 words



HIGHLIGHT: Apple is chipping away at Samsung's dominant position in its home
turf of South Korea - thanks to its new iPhone 6 series.


Apple is chipping away at Samsung's dominant position in its home turf of South
Korea - thanks to its new iPhone 6 series.

Apple captured a record 33 percent market share in South Korea in November, the
highest ever for a foreign brand, according to a monthly report released by Hong
Kong-based market research company Counterpoint on Wednesday. In contrast,
Samsung's share slipped to 46 percent after hovering around 60 percent for five
months.

Apple's gains in South Korea are telling, as November was the first full month
that the larger-screen iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were sold in the country. The sales
likely came at the expense of Samsung's flagship Galaxy Note 4 phablet launched
in late September.

"iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have made a difference here, denting the competition's
phablet sales," Counterpoint analyst Tom Kang said. "If there was a better
supply of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus 64 GB and 128 GB models, then Apple's share could
have climbed to the 40 percent level." Analysts in South Korea generally expect
Samsung to have lost further share of the global market in October-December for
the fourth consecutive quarter as Apple extended its lead in the premium segment
and upstarts like China's Xiaomi Inc made huge inroads into the low-end market.
(Reuters) For more visit www.businessworld.ie

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              697 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            October 6, 2015 Tuesday
                                 Delhi Edition

iPhone's India Launch a Bigger Affair This Time

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 586 words


Apple is roping in top telcos Bharti Airtel and Vodafone India as vendor
partners and pulling out all stops to make its iPhone 6s launch in India a
blockbuster that will build on record sales of 1.7 million units in its last
financial year in the world's fastest-growing smartphone market.

For the first time, the Cupertinobased smartphone giant is forging partnerships
with the telcos well in advance of the launch planned for October 16.
Previously, operator plans came out months later.

Consumers can look forward to EMI schemes where they would need to pay only a
small upfront amount and split the remainder up into 12 or 24 monthly
instalments, or data-bundling offers with an upfront and equal monthly payments
that will include a specified or even unlimited data, sources said. Analysts
said consumers can also expect plans for device upgrades at the end of a
12-month cycle as there is a significant user base in India willing to shift to
new iPhones year after year.

The tie-ups and offers, as well as the move to start selling in India much
earlier that it usually does after a global launch, underscore the growing
importance of India, which is set to overtake the US as the world's
second-largest smartphone market by 2017. Apple is looking to rapidly add to the
1.7 million units it sold in its financial year ended September 2015, according
to data from Counterpoint Technology Market Research. This was a 55% jump from
almost 1.1 million devices sold

in its previous financial year. Apple didn't comment on the data.

"Vodafone India will offer iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the most advanced
iPhones ever, beginning on October 16," a Vodafone India spokesperson said.
Customers can register for the devices beginning October 9 on the company's
website.India's No. 2 telco didn't disclose plan details. After registration,
customers can choose to buy the phones through an ecommerce partner or at
Vodafone's retail outlets, sources added.

Vodafone had announced a tie-up in January this year, after the then Apple
flagship iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were launched in October 2014. It had introduced
tariff plans based on instalments for all its devices, starting from the iPhone
4s.

Bharti Airtel is working on a tie-up with Apple which would be finalised
shortly, a company official said.The country's largest telco, which is heavily
advertising its 4G services, "would want to offer the 4G on iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus," the

company official added, indicating that plans for its high-speed broadband
services could be offered as part of a bundled package.

Analysts said Apple's performance in India last year was by far its strongest
yet. The smartphone market in India is currently dominated by Samsung
Electronics and domestic vendors Micromax Informatics and Intex. "It continues
to be a highly aspirational smartphone for the growing urban smartphone users,"
said Tarun Pathak, a senior analyst at Hong Kong-based Counterpoint Research.
"Strong momentum of Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which together generated
over half of the total iPhones volumes, ensured a strong fiscal for Apple in
India."

Apple, which launched the iPhone in 2007, ignored India for a long time and
increased its focus on the market only over the past couple of years.

In the quarter ended June, iPhone sales grew 93% in the country to 500,000
handsets. The company has set target of selling 12 lakh devices in the
October-December quarter this year, according to reports, and is lining up a
marketing budget upwards of ' . 300 crore.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              698 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                            October 7, 2014 Tuesday

iPhone 6 pre-booking starts today

LENGTH: 195  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 7 -- Ending a long wait for the latest iPhones, Apple will
launch its iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in India on October 17.

The customers can pre-order the both models starting Tuesday (October 7) at the
major retail outlets of the partners, Ingram Micro said in a statement.

Ingram, a distribution partner for Apple products, will be selling the products
through its 1,200 retail outlets across the top 24 cities. The company, however,
did not reveal the prices of the two models.

Another distributor, Redington India also confirmed that the phones would be
available from October 17, starting 12:01 am.

We will focus more on the general trade and south wireless chains, said Puneet
Narang, Strategic Business Unit head for Apple products at Redington India.

According to market sources, iPhone 6 will be now priced at Rs. 53,500 for the
16 GB version, Rs. 62,500 for the 64GB and Rs. 71,500 for 128GB. The iPhone 6
Plus would be priced at Rs. 62,500 for the 16GB model, Rs. 71,500 for the 64GB
and Rs. 80,500 for the 128GB.

Both Ingram Micro and Redington India declined to comment on the prices.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were launched globally in September.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              699 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday

iOS 10 hits your Apple devices: Install it in 3 simple steps

BYLINE: dna Web Team

LENGTH: 252  words


It is expected to roll out at 10:30PM IST.

Apple's biggest OS update - iOS 10, finally rolls out tonight. It can definitely
be coined as "The mother of iOS releases" and you have every reason to be
excited. Here's how you can download the official iOS 10 update for your iOS
devices. It is expected to roll out at 10 30PM IST.

Will my iPhone receive iOS 10?

Firstly, make sure your device is compatible. The devices which are compatible
are the iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone 6S, iPhone 6S Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6
Plus, iPhone SE, iPhone 5S, iPhone 5C and iPhone 5. Additionally, the iPad Pro
12.9-inch, iPad Pro 9.7-inch, iPad Air 2, iPad Air, iPad 4th generation, iPad
mini 4, iPad mini 3, iPad mini 2 and the iPod Touch 6th generation is compatible
as well.

What about my data?

Secondly, back up your data. You can do this by heading to your Settings >
iCloud > Backup > Back Up Now. Be sure to be connected to the Wi-Fi while taking
a back up of your device.

How to install iOS 10?

If your device is compatible, you will directly get an alert from Apple, once
the update is available. You can head to Settings > General > Software Update >
iOS 10 > Install now. Be sure your battery is at least charged to 50 percent.

You can also download iOS 10 from iTunes. Make you have the latest version of
iTunes installed on your PC. Connect your device to the PC, and iTunes will open
automatically. After iTunes starts up, click on 'Summary' and select, 'Check for
Update'. If the update appears, click 'Download and Update'.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              700 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Malta Today

                          September 27, 2014 Saturday

Bend in iPhone 6 Plus 'extremely rare'- Apple

LENGTH: 215  words


Apple dismissrumours that their new iPhone 6 Plus phablets are prone to bending
inside peoples' pockets.

Apple said that bends in their new iPhone 6 Plus phablets are 'extremely rare'.
"Through our first six days of sale, a total of nine customers have contacted us
with a bent iPhone 6 Plus," an Apple statement said.



Their statement follows rumours that Apple's latest product was prone to bending
inside people's pockets. A Youtube video by Unbox Therapy that showed someone
bending the phablet with his hands quickly went viral, amassing 38 million views
in five days.

As a response to this controversy, Apple invited journalists from the Wall
Street Journal, Recode and the Verge to watch their testing facilities. The
papers reported that the phones go through heavy tests, including one that
places weights of 25kg on the centre of the phone. In another test, the phablet
is twisted around 8000 times with a machine clamping both ends.

"iPhone 6 plus phablets feature a precision-engineered unibody enclosure
constructed from machining a custom grade of 6000 series anodized aluminium,
which is tempered for extra strength," Apple said. "They also feature stainless
steel and titanium inserts to reinforce high-stress locations and uses the
strongest glass in the smartphone industry."


LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1592


                       Copyright 2014 MediaToday Co. Ltd
               Provided by Syndigate Media Inc. (Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              701 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                    September 25, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Apple ready to replace bend iPhones of customers

LENGTH: 229  words


After the news and pictures of Apple Iphone 6 and 6 Plus bending comes up, Apple
has responded and said that it is ready to replace the damaged iphones.

According to a news report in The Next Web that in an online conversation with
Apple's support desk, Apple has agreed that it will replace the faulty handsets.

The report says the Apple representative answering about which handset will
qualify for a replacement said "That is 100 percent up to the Genius you speak
with at the store. There is a test called a Visual Mechanical Inspection that
the device will have to pass. If it is within the guidelines, they will be able
to cover it. If not, the replacement would be a paid one."

"The staffer offered to escalate the issue to a call with a senior support
advisor. We declined, but it's good to know that Apple is taking the issue
seriously," says The Next Web.

Well, though an official statement is yet to come from Apple, this news is good
for those who are worried about the new iphone.

Today in another bend test of the Iphone 6, Unbox Therapy finds that the smaller
iPhone, the iPhone 6 phone refused to bend. The glue that sticks the display
screen to the phone body seems as coming out which can be put back easily. This
is considerably better than the iPhone 6 Plus.

Yesterday Unbox Therapy easily bend an iPhone 6 Plus by applying pressure on the
back side of the phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              702 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Bulges in All the Wrong Places

BYLINE: By NICK BILTON

SECTION: Section E; Column 0; Style Desk; DISRUPTIONS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 951 words


It's the ultimate first world problem. You go to the Apple store, drop $400 for
an iPhone 6 and then discover it doesn't fit in your pocket.

Gasp!

In the past, such problems were limited to hipsters with curly mustaches, whose
jeans were so skinny they might actually be cellophane wrap. But now mere
mortals with normal pants and purses are in despair.

Over the weekend people bravely took to the public complaint box, Twitter and
Facebook, to grumble about this oversized issue. (Pun intended.)

''My new iPhone 6 doesn't fit into the pocket of my Lululemons,'' Sarah Watson
wrote on Twitter.

''I capitulate. The iPhone 6 Plus simply won't fit comfortably in my not-at-all
skinny jeans,'' David Heinemeier Hansson lamented. He added, with a sad emoji
face, that he was ''downgrading'' to the iPhone 6. And an in-depth thread popped
up on Reddit discussing how to get around this problem.

Technology blogs have tried to help. Dozens of videos have appeared on YouTube
offering expert tests of iPhones slipping in and out of random pockets. (No, I'm
not kidding.) A number of downloadable guides allow users to print out a fake
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus to see if they will fit in your clothing. (Again, I'm not
kidding.) It won't be long before a Silicon Valley start-up gets $10 million in
funding for an app that tells people which iPhones will fit in which jeans.
(This time I am kidding -- I hope.)

While it's easy to joke about this being a non-problem, this is actually a bit
of a real issue, given that the smartphone is arguably the most important gadget
in our lives today, and one that is usually just inches away from us.

Among gadget reviewers, women seemed to have the most trouble with the new
iPhones. Lauren Goode of Re/code said the larger model was too big to hold in
her hands or wear on her arm while exercising. My colleague Molly Wood, a
columnist for The New York Times, told me that the iPhone 6 Plus won't fit into
her purse. And Abby Johnston of Bustle noted that because women's jean pockets
are smaller than men's, either pockets have to get bigger, or phones smaller.

But don't expect either of those to change anytime soon. I called around to
dozens of jean makers and designers, and heard a lot of noes when asked if
companies planned to change the style or aesthetic of their clothing to
accommodate bigger phones.

''Our skinny-jean pockets are too small for the new iPhone,'' said Katrina
Klein, denim director for Rag & Bone, adding that she has no plans to change
that. ''We expect people to carry their larger phones in bags and purses.''

Lela Tillem Becker, a founder of Mother, a high-end clothing designer, said that
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus fit in the rear pocket of the company's jeans, but they
too won't make accommodations for the front pockets. ''If it disrupts the shape,
it's just not worth it,'' she said.

But fear not, men of Silicon Valley. Some guy-centric brands seem to be fine
forgoing form for techie function.

Last year Dockers announced that it had expanded its ''coin pocket,'' which is
the smaller pocket inside the larger pocket of men's pants, by an extra inch to
accommodate larger phones. Bonobos, the online clothing store, now offers a
jacket called the Jetsetter, which has a larger inside pocket that fits a
passport or larger smartphone.

''If none of our pants fit the iPhones, that would be a real problem,'' said
Dwight Fenton, vice president for design at Bonobos. ''You ignore them at your
own peril.''

But how much bigger can pockets even get? Josue Perzell, store director of Denim
Doctor, a Los Angeles-based vintage jean seller and repair shop, said that over
the years, jean pockets had already grown drastically.

''Early vintage jeans tend to have much smaller pockets because people didn't
have much to carry back in the day,'' he said. ''They weren't thinking of adding
phones or anything else. Today's pockets are much bigger.''

There are more serious pockets to worry about. For one, doctors have complained
that the larger iPhone 6 Plus does not fit in a lab coat and awkwardly juts out.
With many physicians in the United States using iPhones, this could pose a real
problem should they upgrade.

Style watchers are having fun predicting what fashion trends these larger
screens may usher in. The man purse, also known as the ''murse,'' could
resurface. Cargo pants, with their jumbo side pockets, could be the rage again.
Or fanny packs could make a miraculous comeback. (We could call them Phony
Packs.)

More than likely, the bloated new iPhones could alter public etiquette, again.
''You know how you're never supposed to take your phone out at dinner?'' wrote
Dennis Tang, an editor at GQ. (Besides being uncomfortable, there have been
reports of the iPhone bending -- the horror! -- after users kept them in their
pockets for extended periods.) The larger phone, he said, means it is now O.K.
to flout that rule. ''Leaving it untouched and silenced at the edge of the table
should do just fine.''

Some extreme hipsters won't have to worry about pockets being too small or new
etiquette. They are stalwartly refusing to upgrade.

Eric Goldstein, a founder of Jean Shop, a New York-based high-end jean maker,
said that some of his customers have said they don't want to buy the new iPhone
because it will leave a different wear mark on the front pocket of their jeans.

''A lot of our customers wear their jeans repeatedly to make them look
vintage,'' he said, and explained that they develop a unique rectangular shape
where their phone has rubbed up against the pocket. ''With the different sized
phones, people are getting upset that they are going to have an another shaped
rectangle on the pocket area,'' he said.

Now that is a first world problem.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2014/09/25/fashion/new-iphones
-bulge-in-all-the-wrong-places.html

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWING (DRAWING BY LUCI GUTIÉRREZ)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              703 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday

Apple iPhone 6 pre-orders hit record 4 million on first day

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 456 words


Apple Inc said many customers will need to wait until next month for their new
iPhones after a record 4 million first-day pre-orders were logged, double the
number for the iPhone 5 two years ago.



The company said demand had outstripped supply of the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus, which feature larger screens and longer battery life. Deliveries of
pre-orders will begin on Friday and will continue through October.

Bumper first-day pre-orders point to first-weekend sales of up to 10 million
units, analysts estimated.

"Assuming preorders are similar to the 40 percent of first weekend sales for the
iPhone 5, this would imply iPhone 6/6Plus first weekend sales could be around 10
million," Wells Fargo Securities analysts wrote in a note.

About 2 million pre-orders were received for the iPhone 5 in the first 24 hours
after it went on sale in September 2012. Apple sold 5 million of these phones in
the first weekend.

Apple sold 9 million iPhone 5Ss and 5Cs, which were launched last year, in the
first three days in stores. The company did not reveal pre-order numbers for
these phones.

Raymond James analysts said they expect sales of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus to
top 9 million in the first weekend.

"Apple will be selling every iPhone it can make, at least through October.
Because of this, the first weekend sales are typically more indicative of supply
than demand," they said.

The company routinely grapples with iPhone supply constraints, particularly in
years that involve a smartphone re-design.

Apple's website showed last week that the larger 5.5-inch "Plus" models
displayed a wait time of up to a month. The 4.7-inch version was available for
delivery on Sept. 19.

Janney Capital Markets analysts said the large number of pre-orders was due to
"pent-up demand" for bigger iPhone screens.

The brokerage raised its sales estimate for the latest iPhones to 37.4 million
units for the current quarter and 60 million for the quarter ended December.

"We believe significant demand will even spill into the March and June quarters
given supply and the timing of shipments in China," Barclays analysts wrote in a
note.

The company said the new iPhone models will be available to customers in its
stores in the United States, Canada, Australia and some other countries on
Friday morning.

AT&T Inc, Sprint Corp, T-Mobile US Inc, Verizon Wireless and some Apple
authorized resellers will also start selling the phones on Friday.


The phones will come equipped with Apple's new payments service, "Apple Pay",
which launches in the United States next month and allows users to pay for items
in stores with their phones.

Apple's shares were up less than 1 percent at $102.92 Monday afternoon.
 Muscat Press and Publishing House SAOC 2014

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2014 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              704 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                     September 26, 2014 Friday 1:31 PM GMT

Apple releases iPhone glitch fix

SECTION: WORLD

LENGTH: 753 words


A contrite Apple has released a new update that the company says will repair the
problems caused by software it released earlier, repeating an apology to owners
of its newest iPhones affected by the bug.

The tech giant had scrambled to fix the software glitch that left some of its
new iPhones unable to make calls, but some analysts say Apple's response to the
high-profile gaffe may be more important than the fault itself.

Some said Apple was doing the right thing by quickly acknowledging and
apologising for the problem - which it was slower to do with earlier iPhone
glitches.

"There's a certain perception that Apple has to get things right, and when they
don't, the whole company gets questioned," said Carolina Milanesi, chief of
research at Kantar Worldpanel. "But they came out and said, 'We apologise; we're
working 24/7 to fix it'. I think that's what matters."

Apple's stock fell nearly 4% yesterday, leading a broader decline in technology
shares, a day after the company was forced to withdraw an update to its new iOS
8 mobile software because of glitches that primarily affected customers who had
purchased its new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models.

The 6 Plus phone has also been the subject of social media reports that its
extra-large shell is vulnerable to bending.

Apple yesterday defended its manufacturing standards and said bending "is
extremely rare" with normal use of an iPhone. The company said just nine
customers had contacted Apple to report a bent iPhone 6 Plus since they went on
sale.

Hours later Apple released a new update, dubbed iOS 8.0.2, which it said would
fix the problems caused by the iOS 8.0.1 update that it released on Wednesday.

"We apologise for inconveniencing the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus users who were
impacted by the bug in iOS 8.0.1," the company said.

The company earlier apologised "for the great inconvenience experienced by
users" and vowed to work "around the clock" to fix the problem.

Apple has said it sold a record 10 million of the new iPhone models last
weekend, in what the company has called one of the biggest product launches in
its history. It also reported this week that nearly half of all iPhone and iPad
users had upgraded to the new software known as iOS 8.

That new software contains a number of new features and is more complex than
earlier versions of iOS, analysts said. Apple released the 8.0.1 update on
Wednesday to fix some flaws that were detected after iOS 8 was released - only
to find the 8.0.1 update created problems of its own.

The new problems included interference with calling and with a feature that lets
people unlock their phones with their fingerprint.

That is not uncommon, according to veteran tech analyst Ross Rubin of Reticle
Research. "All major companies have released fixes that they've had to pull
because of unforeseen side-effects," he added.

On the bending issue, Mr Rubin said the iPhone 6 Plus was "a large, thin device.
That's not to say customers should treat it gingerly, but it's still an
electronic product and it's an investment, and it should be treated as such".

Apple is held to a higher standard by many consumers, analysts said. But Ms
Milanesi said she thought the company suffered more harm a few years ago, when
it was slow to acknowledge complaints about poor reception and dropped calls
that affected new iPhone 4 models when they were released in 2010.

The company eventually offered a fix for the problem, after then-CEO Steve Jobs
initially suggested users just needed to hold the phone differently.

"There wasn't any of that this time," Ms Milanesi said. She noted that Mr Jobs'
successor, Tim Cook, had also taken responsibility and apologised for initial
problems with Apple's Maps software when it was first released.

Meanwhile, an analyst said yesterday's stock sell-off was more likely related to
broader market concerns than investor unease about the new iPhones.

"Earnings is what drives the stock the most," said Walter Piecyk of BTIG
Research. "It's too early to say what the impact's going to be, but it does not
appear to be something that would impact the company's ability to deliver on
earnings" in the next two quarters.

Apple said users affected by the software glitch could connect their phone to a
Mac or Windows computer and download a file to restore an earlier version of the
iOS 8 software.

Apple offered a web page with instructions: http://support.apple.com/kb/HT6487 .

The company's stock ended Thursday down 3.88 at 97.87 dollars. Earlier this
month, it hit an all-time high of 103.74.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2014 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              705 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

Apple's new iPhone 6 breaks sales record

BYLINE: Rhiannon Williams

SECTION: BUSINESS;BUSINESS; FRONT PAGE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 255 words


APPLE has enjoyed "phenomenal" sales of the newlylaunched iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, according to chief executive Tim Cook, selling more than 13m units
within three days of availability.

The sales figures surpass last year's 10m iPhone 6 and 6 Plus sales within the
same three-day period.

Mr Cook said: "Customers' feedback is incredible and they are loving 3D Touch
and Live Photos, and we can't wait to bring iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus to
customers in even more countries on October 9." For the first time, China was
among the first countries to carry the new iPhones from release.

Previously, customers in China had to wait several weeks or months before new
models were approved for sale.

China is estimated to have accounted for between 2m and 2.5m unit sales, meaning
non-China sales rose by between 5pc and 10pc, according to analysts FBR & Co.

The new models went on sale in the UK last Friday, prompting fans to queue
overnight outside London's Covent Garden store.

The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are the first models to sport pressure-sensitive
screens, which is utilised through the company's 3D Touch technology, opening
new shortcut menus depending on the pressure applied to the display. Both units'
rear-facing cameras were upgraded from eight mega-pixels (MP) to 12MP, while the
front-facing FaceTime camera was boosted from 1.2MP to 5MP.

Sales completed by last-Saturday will be included in Apple's 2015 fourth-quarter
fiscal results, while sales from Sunday onwards will be included in the first
2016 quarterly results.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2015 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              706 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            February 27, 2015 Friday

Apple doubles India target as iPhone sales zoom

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 463 words


KOLKATA: Apple India has set a target to double iPhone sales to two million
units and revenue to more than Rs 8,000 crore during its financial year to
September 2015 as it focuses on e-commerce for the first time in the country.

The American company's bullishness springs from the strong demand for iPhone 6,
which continues to see more orders than the company is able to fulfill despite
having sold 500,000 units during October-December 2014 or half of what it had
sold in India in the entire previous fiscal, as per market trackers.

The company also expects that 20-25% of iPhone sales during the fiscal will be
generated from e-commerce, said two senior trade partners of Apple India.

"Apple's headquarters have given the target to the Indian unit to double iPhone
sales this fiscal since it had a fantastic first quarter and also focus on
e-commerce to push sales of slow moving models like iPhone 4S and 5c," said one
of the executives.

The executive said Apple's distributors are already running promotional offers
on iPhone 5c through Amazon and have even undertaken joint marketing investment
for advertisement campaigns. "E-commerce was never a focus area for Apple India
till now but the growth of the channel has made it sit up to focus on such
sales," the executive said.

An email sent to Apple spokesperson in regional headquarters in London did not
elicit any response till Wednesday evening.

Market tracker Counterpoint Research senior analyst Tarun Pathak said Apple
doubling sales in India this fiscal won't be a difficult target for the
Cupertino-based vendor, considering the high average selling price of the new
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus that account for bulk of the sales.

As per estimates, iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - which are priced upwards of Rs 52,000 -
account for 50% of total iPhone sales in India by volume and more than 80% by
value.

While Apple has regularized supplies for iPhone 6 16GB model, supplies of
another top-seller iPhone 6 64GB are still erratic in India, something that the
company expects to normalize soon, trade partners said.

While iPhone is the market leader in smartphone segment priced above Rs 30,000,
it is the second largest after Korean giant Samsung in the Rs 20,000-plus
smartphone category.

In the overall Indian smartphone market, Apple had slightly over 2% share in
October-December quarter, as per estimates by Counterpoint Research, while
Samsung led the market, followed by Micromax.

As per filings to the Registrar of Companies, Apple India has grown sales
sevenfold over the past three years to Rs 4,479 crore in 2013-2014 from Rs 620
crore in 20101-11. Profit after tax doubled to Rs 119 crore in 2013-14 from Rs
58.6 crore during this period.

Follow TOI Tech on Twitter >>>

And like us on Facebook >>>

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              707 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Mirror

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                Northern Ireland

iBEND;
Army of Apple fans furious after new device 'warps' inside pockets

BYLINE: RUKI SAYID

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 396 words


IT looks like Apple's failure to iron out the kinks in their latest highly
anticipated offering has left iPhone fans all bent out of shape.

Furious owners of the iPhone 6 Plus have hit out at the tech giant after
discovering that the newly released model goes wonky when left inside pockets.

Yesterday, a "BendGate" storm raged online as owners of the new phablet - a
device that works both as a smartphone and a tablet - detailed how the device
warped in their trousers.

It is thought the super-thin aluminium casing is to blame as the softer metal is
prone to deforming if enough pressure is applied for long enough.

The debacle comes less than a week after the highly-anticipated release of
Apple's latest toy, which saw an army of fans queuing for hours to get their
hands on the expensive device.

One fed-up owner of the iPhone 6 Plus, the slimline 5.5in phablet which costs
£619, explained how his swish new device bowed after he left it in his front
pocket for 18 hours.

The user, who called themselves Hamzoh, wrote on tech site Mac Rumours: "In
total, the 6 Plus was in my pocket for about 18 hours while I mostly sat down.
As I lay it on the coffee table, I saw the reflection of a window in the iPhone
slightly distorted."

And tech expert at www.Geek.com Russell Holly said: "I have never dropped the
phone or abused it in any way. But when I put it down on a flat surface it
wobbled.

"This seems like a serious issue that Apple needs to be warning consumers about.
Having spent quite a bit of time with many different smartphones, the severity
of this issue is unique."

Last night the blunder was trending on Twitter with the hashtag #BendGate as
owners vented their anger at the flaw in Apple's latest must-have gizmo.

Apple broke all sales records when its 4.7-inch iPhone 6, which costs £539, and
iPhone 6 Plus phablet went on sale last Friday with 10 million snapped up in the
three days of the launch across 10 countries.

This weekend the handsets will hit shelves in 20 more nations before going
worldwide by the end of the year. Analysts are expecting sales to top 60 million
by Christmas.

Yesterday, no one at Apple was available to comment.

ruki.sayid@mirror.co.uk

VOICE OF MIRROR: PAGE 8

"The severity of this issue is unique... Apple needs to warn the consumers
RUSSELL HOLLY TECH EXPERT FOR www.GEEK.COM

£619 Amount Apple fans forked out for the new iPhone 6 Plus at launch

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TAKE A BOW Apple CEO Tim Cook launched the iPhone6 earlier this
monthAWRY PHONE One poor owner shows a clear bend at the top of their new iPhone
6 Plus

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMR


                            Copyright 2014 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              708 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            February 9, 2015 Monday

Sprint Delivers Again - Two Iconic Devices, One Low Price

LENGTH: 442  words

DATELINE: Kansas


Sprint Corporation has issued the following Press release:


Ultimate iPhone & iPad Plan -- For only $100 per month and $0 down get an iPhone
6 with unlimited data, talk and text while on the Sprint network, and an iPad
Mini 3 with 2GB of data. Plus, no activation fees.


Once again, Sprint (NYSE: S) is delivering on its promise to simplify the
wireless purchasing experience while maintaining its tradition of providing
great value. With the Ultimate iPhone & iPad Plan, customers can now lease two
iconic devices, iPhone 6 16GB and iPad Mini 3 16GB, with service plans, for only
$100 a month1.

Boasting access to Sprint's 2.5GHz LTE network, iPhone 6 16GB pairs with an
unlimited data, text and talk service plan and the iPad Mini 3 16GB comes with a
2GB data service plan. Two devices. Both service plans. No activation fees. No
money down. All for $100 (excluding taxes and surcharges). All while on the
Sprint network.

 Pairing the two devices with two service plans saves a customer more than $200
annually.

"Sprint is making two of the hottest devices in the market available to
consumers for the best price, paired with great value service plans," said David
Owens, senior vice president-Marketing. "This is the first time Apple and Sprint
have offered virtually one low price for two great devices. The Ultimate iPhone
& iPad Plan is an extraordinary value for customers."

New qualified customers simply need to take advantage of iPhone for Life plan
and iPad for Life plan when choosing this limited time offer.

This is a breakdown of the pricing similar to how it will appear on a customer's
bill:


Customers also have the option to buy up to the iPhone 6 Plus and the iPad Air
2. Choosing the iPhone 6 Plus will add $5 per month to the iPhone for Life plan
and choosing the iPad Air 2 will add $3 per month to the iPad for Life plan.

About Sprint
Sprint (NYSE: S) is a communications services company that creates more and
better ways to connect its customers to the things they care about most. Sprint
served nearly 56 million connections as of Dec. 31, 2014, and is widely
recognized for developing, engineering and deploying innovative technologies,
including the first wireless 4G service from a national carrier in the United
States; leading no-contract brands including Virgin Mobile USA, Boost Mobile,
and Assurance Wireless; instant national and international push-to-talk
capabilities; and a global Tier 1 Internet backbone. Sprint has been named to
the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) North America for the past four years.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              709 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            February 9, 2015 Monday

Sprint Delivers Again - Two Iconic Devices, One Low Price

LENGTH: 442  words

DATELINE: Kansas


Sprint Corporation has issued the following Press release:


Ultimate iPhone & iPad Plan -- For only $100 per month and $0 down get an iPhone
6 with unlimited data, talk and text while on the Sprint network, and an iPad
Mini 3 with 2GB of data. Plus, no activation fees.


Once again, Sprint (NYSE: S) is delivering on its promise to simplify the
wireless purchasing experience while maintaining its tradition of providing
great value. With the Ultimate iPhone & iPad Plan, customers can now lease two
iconic devices, iPhone 6 16GB and iPad Mini 3 16GB, with service plans, for only
$100 a month1.

Boasting access to Sprint's 2.5GHz LTE network, iPhone 6 16GB pairs with an
unlimited data, text and talk service plan and the iPad Mini 3 16GB comes with a
2GB data service plan. Two devices. Both service plans. No activation fees. No
money down. All for $100 (excluding taxes and surcharges). All while on the
Sprint network.

 Pairing the two devices with two service plans saves a customer more than $200
annually.

"Sprint is making two of the hottest devices in the market available to
consumers for the best price, paired with great value service plans," said David
Owens, senior vice president-Marketing. "This is the first time Apple and Sprint
have offered virtually one low price for two great devices. The Ultimate iPhone
& iPad Plan is an extraordinary value for customers."

New qualified customers simply need to take advantage of iPhone for Life plan
and iPad for Life plan when choosing this limited time offer.

This is a breakdown of the pricing similar to how it will appear on a customer's
bill:


Customers also have the option to buy up to the iPhone 6 Plus and the iPad Air
2. Choosing the iPhone 6 Plus will add $5 per month to the iPhone for Life plan
and choosing the iPad Air 2 will add $3 per month to the iPad for Life plan.

About Sprint
Sprint (NYSE: S) is a communications services company that creates more and
better ways to connect its customers to the things they care about most. Sprint
served nearly 56 million connections as of Dec. 31, 2014, and is widely
recognized for developing, engineering and deploying innovative technologies,
including the first wireless 4G service from a national carrier in the United
States; leading no-contract brands including Virgin Mobile USA, Boost Mobile,
and Assurance Wireless; instant national and international push-to-talk
capabilities; and a global Tier 1 Internet backbone. Sprint has been named to
the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) North America for the past four years.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              710 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               guelphmercury.com

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

No, you probably can't bend the iphone 6 Plus. Unless you're a bodybuilder

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 643 words


The verdict is in: You can bend an iPhone 6 Plus. But unless you are really
trying to do it, it probably will be fine.

That's the conclusion coming out of phone warranty provider and durability
tester SquareTrade, which ran some basic bending "tests" this week on the iPhone
6 Plus at The Washington Post's request after reports circulated that the
5.5-inch phone is warping from the strain of being in people's pockets.

Apple itself on Thursday acknowledged that it has received reports of the phone
bending. But cases are "extremely rare." Out of the millions of phones sold,
Apple said a total of nine customers contacted the company about a bent iPhone 6
Plus.

Apple performs "rigorous tests throughout the entire development cycle including
3-point bending, pressure point cycling, sit, torsion, and user studies," a
spokesperson said in a statement. "iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus meet or exceed all
of our high quality standards to endure everyday, real life use."

SquareTrade's tests are worth noting, though they likely fell short of what
Apple did in its labs. For the first trial, SquareTrade asked two of the most
physically fit members of its office to try and bend some phones.

Employee Jessica Hoffman - a pianist who, like her colleagues, "considers
herself strong," the company said - couldn't make it budge, even when applying
direct pressure to the weakest part of the phone, near the volume buttons. But
her colleague Pace Lu, a bodybuilder and certified personal trainer who can
bench press 405 pounds, bent the phone "pretty easily" said Ty Shay,
SquareTrade's chief marketing officer.

"He tried with about half his strength; he could have broken it if he wanted
to," Shay said.

To judge the phone's durability in more routine situations, the company also ran
a "skinny jeans" test, to see if the device would bend under the strain of being
wedged in a tight pocket, a claim made by users on several Apple online forums.

SquareTrade sought out an employee wearing skinny jeans - in this case, Pourmeh
Sarram, who is 5' 10" and helpfully said that he has a 31-inch waist. Sarram
wedged the phone in his jeans pockets, then had him sit in an office chair for
30 minutes with the phone in his front jeans pocket - mirroring a situation that
a user described in a widely-circulated MacRumors post.

Sarram said this was "very uncomfortable." SquareTrade also asked Sarram to do
10 squats with the phone in his pocket. But none of these situations managed to
bend the phone in any way. (The company didn't try a test with the phone in the
back pocket, so we have no official test of what happens when iPhone meets
butt.)

So, yes, the phone can bend. But at least from these "tests," you really have to
be trying to bend it in order to do any noticeable damage.

That's not to say the photos of severely bent iPhones circulating under the
Twitter "#bendgate" hashtag on Wednesday were faked or doctored. But there's no
way to independently verify whether the phones really warped during normal use
or if people bent them purposefully and then claimed a defect. But at least for
SquareTrade, whose whole business is assessing the risk of phone damage, bending
is not something it thinks will happen often. And, Shay said, the company is
unlikely to add a bendability exercise to its normal battery of tests any time
soon.

"My opinion is that this is an edge case," he said. In looking through the
dozens of insurance claims already filed on the iPhone 6 Plus - yes, just a few
days after its launch, people have already dropped them on the sidewalk, or
immersed them in water - there have been no claims about bending.

Plus, Shay said, even the bent iPhone still worked. "I think this mostly
cosmetic damage, like scratching the case," he said.

But if it ends up being a common problem, Shay said that Square Trade would
"definitely create a bend test going forward."

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              711 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             October 2, 2015 Friday

Sprint option offers upgrade anytime - for a price;
iPhone Forever plan charges users a monthly fee.;
CELLPHONES

BYLINE: ByAmina Elahi

SECTION: ; Pg. SA3

LENGTH: 624 words


Sprint customers who pay a monthly fee for 22 months can now upgrade their
iPhones as often as they become available.

Will you be eligible for an upgrade when Apple announces a new iPhone or two or
- gasp! - willing to pay full price?

Compared with other smartphones, iPhones are known for their high price tags,
which fans would tell you are justified and critics would say are unreasonable.
Recently, Sprint introduced iPhone Forever, a new plan that will allow customers
to upgrade to the latest iPhones at any time by paying a monthly fee.

iPhone Forever is a 22-month leasing plan that costs $15 a month for a
16-gigabyte iPhone 6 on top of a customer's wireless and data plan if you
upgrade before Dec. 31, and it aims to eliminate waiting for the "upgrade"
opportunity that is often tied to contract renewals.

It's a followup to the iPhone for Life plan Sprint introduced in late 2014. With
that, customers could sign up for a leasing plan that would allow upgrades as
often as every 12 months.

Those who trade in a smartphone or use an existing upgrade before Dec. 31 will
see the iPhone Forever rate drop to $15 a month for the 16 gigabyte iPhone 6.
Any subsequent upgrades after that date will return the rate to the original
rate of $22 a month.

A Sprint spokeswoman said the service targets customers interested in always
having the latest iPhone. Ramon Llamas, research manager for mobile phones and
smart-phones at Framingham, Mass.-based market intelligence firm IDC, said the
plan would not benefit consumers who hold on to their iPhones for more than a
year.

"The leasing type plans, at first people hailed it as 'Here's a great new way to
pay for your smartphone,'" Llamas said. But customers sometimes don't realize
they might be paying more than what they would be for a traditional,
contract-based subsidized phone. "What it's really resulted in is some more
confusion or frustration."

Currently, customers can use iPhone Forever to get a new iPhone through Sprint
stores, its website and phone, as well as Target and Best Buy. The monthly rates
vary by model and memory.

The rates until Dec. 31, are:

? iPhone 6 (16 GB): $15.00

? iPhone 6 (64 GB): $19.77

? iPhone 6 (128 GB): $24.53

? iPhone 6 Plus (16 GB): $19.00

? iPhone 6 Plus (64 GB): $23.77

? iPhone 6 Plus (128 GB): $28.53

"We asked ourselves, 'What could we do that would move our customers forward
with the latest and greatest technology every day?'" Sprint CEO Marcelo Claure
said in a statement. "We decided: How awesome would it be if anytime customers
don't have the latest iPhone, they are eligible to upgrade, and have it be as
simple as handing us your existing iPhone and picking up a new one - all
included in your monthly rate."

But don't forget to read the fine print: Customers who want to get out of the
iPhone Forever plan before their 22 months are up will be on the hook for the
remaining lease payments. "If service or lease is cancelled early, the remaining
lease payments become due immediately and customer must return the device or pay
the purchase option," the company said.

Sprint recently fell to fourth place in national rankings based on total users,
behind T-Mobile. Llamas said the iPhone Forever plan is an attempt to "stop the
bleeding."

"This is yet another take on how a lot of other folks are coming out to retain
their customers and to attain new ones," Llamas said.

He said the Sprint plan resembles offerings from the other major carriers that
are increasingly turning to leasing as they move away from subsidizing the cost
of phones with high-cost rate plans. AT&T Next allows customers to make monthly
payments on a new smart-phone.

Verizon, the nation's biggest wireless company, recently became the latest to
end phone discounts tied to contracts.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              712 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Bendigo Advertiser

                               September 10, 2015

Apple unveils new??iPhones: Video, Photos

BYLINE: Tim Biggs

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 664  words


STORY CONTINUES BELOW (SCROLL DOWN)

Apple has unveiled new iPhones, an updated version of its Apple TV, which now
has its own app store and a voice-controlled remote control, as well as a
12.9-inch iPad Pro at a media event in San Francisco.

The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus will be arriving in Australia on September 25.

Here are six things they have that your iPhone 6 does not:

The iPhones now come in rose gold.

Maybe you never cared for the garish yellow gold Apple released to appeal to the
Chinese market. Maybe you want your phone to match your crazy expensive rose
gold Apple Watch (or the just-announced rose-gold-coloured aluminum Apple Watch
Sport you plan to buy). Whatever your rationale, if you wanted another option
besides gray, silver and yellow gold, you got it.

As predicted, Apple has renamed Force Touch as 3D Touch and implemented it in
its new iPhones. The name reflects the fact that there are three levels of
pressure you can now apply to the screen for different results.

Regular tapping works as it always has. Press lightly ' on a photo, email or web
page for instance ' and you'll get a preview of the content without having to
leave the screen you're currently on. Pressing more firmly will allow additional
options, for example opening your camera app directly into selfie mode.

The main camera on the 6s and 6s Plus has been improved over last year's phones.
The new camera is 12MP (compared to 8MP on the iPhone 6) and features a custom
Apple-made signal processor the company says will produce more accurate colour
than past models.

The front selfie camera is now 5MP (up from 1.2MP). Curiously, rather than add
an unsightly flash to the front of the device, the phone's display will flash
white at max brightness to illuminate your subject when you take a picture.
Apple calls this 'Retina Flash', which one hopes is not a commentary on the
effect it will have on your ocular tissue.

There's also a new software innovation Apple is calling Live Photos, which
records the moments before and after you take a picture to allow for more
animated shots.

In addition to 3D Touch and the new camera, a lot of subtle tweaks have been
made to the way the iPhone is put together.

New, stronger aluminum and glass makes the device stronger than its predecessors
(and presumably less likely to bend).

An all new 64-bit A9 processor, with an embedded M9 motion co-processor, will
not only let the phones crunch data and apps harder and faster but will also let
them run low power services for much longer.

Connectivity has also been bumped up to bring iPhone in line with its more
cutting edge competitors. The change means faster internet speeds on next-gen
mobile networks like Telstra's 4GX, as well as better 4G mobile reception while
roaming internationally.

This one is a bit of a cheat, as iOS 9 will also be coming to older iPhones as
well as iPads and the iPod Touch, but it is launching with the 6s and 6s Plus.

A big bump in efficiency in iOS 9 promises longer battery life, which should be
especially noticeable with the improved processing on the 6s and 6s Plus.

On iPhone the operating system also has a new Android-like app switcher for
better multitasking, an improved keyboard and some handy tweaks to built-in
software like Notes and Maps.

Wow, the Australian dollar's position versus the US has not done good things for
the price of iPhones. The cheapest version of the iPhone 6s, which has a meagre
16GB of storage, will be $1079 in Australia.

Those with good memories may already know this is $210 more than the launch
price of the comparable iPhone 6 model that launched this time last year
(although Apple did sneakily raise that price in March).

The gap grows wider the more storage you want, and wider still for the 6s Plus.
If you want the bigger phone with 128GB of storage, you'll pay $1529, $280 more
than the launch price of the comparable iPhone 6 Plus from last year.

If you want a phone outright for less than $1000, it will not be a new iPhone.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              713 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Independent on Saturday (South Africa)

                               December 13, 2014
                                   E1 Edition

TOP CHRISTMAS GIFTS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 625 words


My Friend Cayla

The amazing talking doll that is wirelessly connected to Google. It's the first
doll to talk about herself and answer general knowledge questions with the help
of an internet connection. Girls can chat with Cayla, find out about her, share
stories and play games with the help of a smart device.

Cayla doesn't look on websites containing inappropriate material and there are
multi-layered online safeguards in place meaning that using Cayla online is very
safe.

Price: R999

Store: ToysRus

LeapFrog LeapPad3

From the makers of the number one kids' learning tablet comes LeapPad3, a sleek,
powerful and fun-packed 5 inch |wi-fi tablet that allows kids to learn and play
safely. Kids can access an educator-approved library of 400 games, apps, eBooks,
videos and more. Ages 3-9.

Price: R1 599.90

Store: ToysRus

MiP Robot

MiP robotic friend, a small iOS or Android smartphone remote controlled robot
which responds to motions, be it your hand or an object.

It balances on two wheels. If you wave, it waves back, and if you lead it around
it will follow you. It can even fetch you a cooldrink.

Price: R1 360

Store: Kalahari Online

Beats By Dre Solo HD headphones

Based on the popular Beats headphones, Monster now offers the Beats by Dr Dre
Solo HD On-Ear Headphones with ControlTalk (Red).

The Beats Solo HD headphones have a smaller, lighter design than their big
brother, but offer high-definition sound.

Price: R2 699

Store: Kalahari Online

Justin Bieber Singing Toothbrush

If you have a young family member who forms part of the worldwide Bieber fan
club, you can now use that devotion to the star to help your kid ease back into
the back-to-school morning and nightly routine of... teeth brushing.

Inspired by Bieber himself, Brush Buddies has come up with a gadget that will
|inject some glamour into that part of the grooming ritual: a Justin Bieber
singing toothbrush.

As the name suggests, the battery operated Bieber brush sings while it spins.
Upon pressing the "on" button, the brush plays a Bieber hit track for two
minutes - which is the recommended length of time that dentists recommend all of
us spend on cleaning our pearlies.

Price: R285

Store: local e-tailer TakeALot.

Wakaberry Lip Balm

This summer, Wakaberry has found a way for you to take your favourite Wakaberry
flavour everywhere you go. The new Wakaberry lip balms have been designed to
remind you of some of the most lip smacking, delicious Waka-berry flavours:
Cherry Blossom, Blueberry Blast and Vanilla Swirl.

Price: R32 each

Store: available at all Wakaberry stores (there are now 40 stores nationwide)

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus

The iPhone 6 series includes a number of changes over its predecessor, including
models with larger 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch displays, a faster processor, upgraded
cameras, improved LTE and wi-fi connectivity. Pre-orders of the iPhone 6 series
exceeded 4 million within its first 24 hours of launching - an Apple record.
More than 10 million iPhone 6 series devices were sold in the first three days,
another Apple record.

Prices:

iPhone 6 - 16GB = R9 899

iPhone 6 - 64GB = R10 999

iPhone 6 - 128GB = R12 599

iPhone 6 Plus - 16GB = R10 999

iPhone 6 Plus - 64GB = R12 599

iPhone 6 Plus - 128GB = R13 999

Store: All iStores

Nespresso UMilk machine

The UMilk machine adapts to almost any kitchen interior and coffee rituals with
its adaptable form.

It offers ultra-convenience and sophisticated technology featuring modular
design and fully automated capsule piercing, brewing and ejection by simply and
effortlessly closing its slider.

With its pure and elegant lines, sophisticated design and tactile interface, U
is the new coffee machine that fits perfectly into your life. Choose from two
colours: Pure Cream or Pure Black.

Price: R2 500

Store: Online at www.buynespresso.com

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              714 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

Suburbanites storm Apple for new iPhone 6

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 357 words


to maintain Apple's sales growth. The devices generate more than half of the
company's annual $171 billion in revenue and precede a swath of other products,
including new iPads and Apple Watch. The iPhones have screens of 4.7 inches and
5.5 inches, compared with 4 inches for previous models, which is helping to
boost their appeal to new consumers.

"I came here for tourism, and my wife and friends asked me to bring them the new
iPhone," Yury Shchepetkov, a 24-year-old power engineer from Moscow, said while
waiting in Berlin. "I had no idea I would be stuck in line for two nights
without a sleeping bag."

Tiago Amorim was waiting outside of Apple's Fifth Avenue store in New York after
flying up from Brazil to get his hands on one.

"We love iPhones," the 14-year-old said.

Amorim was in a line that, as of 8 a.m., was 33 percent longer than last year's
debut of the iPhone 5s and 5c, according to Piper Jaffray Cos.

"There was an even more significant influence of international buyers, even more
than last year," Gene Munster, an analyst at Piper Jaffray, wrote in a note to
investors today.

Status Symbol

Apple hasn't said when China and Brazil will get the new iPhones. They aren't on
the list of countries that will get the phones in the next wave, which includes
Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Liechtenstein,
Luxembourg, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Qatar, Russia, Saudi
Arabia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Turkey and the United Arab Emirates.

"We traveled about 35 hours to get our hands on the new iPhone before everyone
else in Brazil," said William Marchiori, 25, who flew to Australia from Sao
Paulo. "We took three flights and got here two days ago, and we lined up."

The new iPhones are targeted directly at bigger-screen smartphones popular with
consumers in Asia. Those phones typically run on Android and are made by Samsung
Electronics Co., Xiaomi Corp. and Lenovo Group Ltd., among others.

"It's a big status symbol everywhere," Tim Bajarin, an analyst at Creative
Strategies Inc., said of the new iPhones and the global interest.

* Bloomberg News contributed to this report

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Steve Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com People line up outside the Apple
Store at the Deer Park Mall Friday waiting to get the new iPhone 6. Steve
Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com People line up outside the Apple Store at the Deer
Park Mall Friday waiting to get the new iPhone 6.Rick West/rwest@dailyherald.com
People wait for their chance to pick up a new iPhone 6 outside the AT store in
South Elgin Friday morning. The store opened early at 8 a.m. Rick
West/rwest@dailyherald.com People wait for their chance to pick up a new iPhone
6 outside the AT store in South Elgin Friday morning. The store opened early at
8 a.m.Rick West/rwest@dailyherald.com Devang Patel of Elgin holds up his new
iPhone 6 Plus Friday morning at the South Elgin AT store. Patel was the last
person to get a phone. Other customers placed orders for the devices. Rick
West/rwest@dailyherald.com Devang Patel of Elgin holds up his new iPhone 6 Plus
Friday morning at the South Elgin AT store. Patel was the last person to get a
phone. Other customers placed orders for the devices.Steve
Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com Amy McCracken of Des Plaines sits in a lawn chair
outside the Apple retail store at Deer Park Mall Friday morning waiting to get
the new iPhone 6. "I'm not into delayed gratification," McCracken said. Steve
Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com Amy McCracken of Des Plaines sits in a lawn chair
outside the Apple retail store at Deer Park Mall Friday morning waiting to get
the new iPhone 6. "I'm not into delayed gratification," McCracken said. Steve
Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com Amy McCracken of Des Plaines sits in a lawn chair
outside the Apple retail store at Deer Park Mall Friday morning waiting to get
the new iPhone 6. "I'm not into delayed gratification," McCracken said. Amy
McCracken, of Des Plaines, sits in a lawn chair outside the Apple Store at the
Deer Park Mall as she waits to get the new iPhone 6 Friday morning. "I'm not
into delayed gratification," said McCracken.Scott
Sanders/ssanders@dailyherald.com Nathaniel Fritz, of Bradley, Ill., shows off
his new Apple iPhone 6 Plus, which he drove 90 minutes and waited in line 14
hours for. Scott Sanders/ssanders@dailyherald.com Nathaniel Fritz, of Bradley,
Ill., shows off his new Apple iPhone 6 Plus, which he drove 90 minutes and
waited in line 14 hours for.Scott Sanders/ssanders@dailyherald.com Naperville
Apple retail store employees usher customers into the store to purchase or pick
up the new iPhone 6 Friday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              715 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                    September 13, 2014 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Alexander Amosu Introduces Diamond-Studded iPhone 6

BYLINE: Kamya Kandhari, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 183  words


The diamond-studded iPhone 6 is priced at around GBP 1.7 million.

Saturday, September 13, 2014: After the big launch of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus, Alexander Amosu, a luxury designer has revealed two premium versions of
iPhone 6. iPhone 6 is now introduced with a 24-karat yellow and rose plating
while the second premium iPhone 6 is additionally studded with diamonds on its
backside and all four side bezels.

The 24-karat gold iPhone 6 is already up for pre-order at the official Alexander
Amosu website for GBP 2,399. It is named as 'Amosu 24ct Gold IPhone 6'.
Alexander Amosu has made the deal exciting for all those who pre-order the
smartphone before 12 September by giving away a leather cover worth GBP 150.

'The Amosu Call of Diamond iPhone 6' is additionally studded with 6,127 VVS1
diamonds and one big 51.29 carat diamond exactly cut to shape of apple logo. It
is priced at GBP 1.7 million according to the GSMArena. Apple iPhone 6, designed
for the elite class, has been prepared over time period of two months. The
luxury brand has not yet designed any premium version for iPhone 6 Plus.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              716 of 998 DOCUMENTS



            The Daily Mercury and Rural Weekly (Mackay, Queensland)

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

Mackay in line for iPhone 6

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 310  words



HIGHLIGHT: Queues to get newest technology


Dominick Czakilew

dominick.czakilew@dailymercury.com.au

MACKAY smartphone fans were impatiently lining up ahead of the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus launch.

The phones went on sale from 8am yesterday.

From as early as 7am, queues were forming outside phone shops at both Caneland
Central and Mt Pleasant shopping centres.

Michelle Turner was the first person to get connected to the iPhone 6 at
Caneland Central's Telstra store.

"I was so excited," she said.

"I didn't expect to be first.

"So the one hour wait was definitely worth it."

Both Ms Turner and her soon-to-be-married sister Stacey are dedicated iPhoners.

They woke up early yesterday.

Stacey said she wasn't bothered her sister beat her in the challenge.

"We were both excited when we got out of bed," she said.

"Michelle got the phone first, but I got it a few minutes later.

"It's kind of an early wedding present for me."

The anticipation will be contagious as Mackay residents were among the first in
the world to get one of this year's most sought-after smartphones.

Telstra local area manager Madonna Burgess said Mackay residents embraced the
new technology.

"There are few things more exciting than an iPhone launch and we can't wait to
make iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus available to our customers on Australia's
largest and most reliable mobile network," she said.

"Over the years, technology has developed to superstar status, particularly the
smartphone.

"Our phones are more than a mobile now, they are a part of how we connect to the
people and things we love every day."

Three in four Aussie mobile users (76%) own or use a smartphone and almost half
(49%) own or use a tablet.

Forty-three per cent of Australians use both a smartphone and tablet.

DETAILS

Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus have crisper screens, faster processors and
sharper cameras.

They are also bigger than previous iPhones.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MDM


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              717 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                        May 10, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple Pay Now Available to Canadian MasterCard Cardholders

LENGTH: 405  words


May 10 -- Today, MasterCard announced it will bring its cardholders Apple Pay,
which is transforming mobile payments with an easy, secure and private way to
pay that's fast and convenient. MasterCard credit cardholders banking with Royal
Bank of Canada (RBC), Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CIBC), Canadian Tire
Bank and ATB Financial can pay with Apple Pay starting today, and cardholders
who bank with BMO Financial Group (BMO) will be able to use Apple Pay in the
coming weeks.

"We're excited to work with Apple to bring a new way to pay that eliminates
something many of us dislike: carrying a bulky physical wallet. Apple Pay allows
consumers to pay with their iPhone - an item most of us wouldn't think to leave
home without," said Jason Davies, Vice President of Digital Payments for
MasterCard Canada. "Thanks to our contactless footprint, our cardholders can tap
their Apple devices to pay across the country. This innovation is part of our
commitment to offer Canadians convenient, fast and secure payment options."

Apple Pay leverages MasterCard's safe and secure platform, MDES (MasterCard
Digital Enablement Service), which uses the most advanced payment technologies -
EMV, tokenization, cryptography and biometrics - to ensure the integrity of
cardholder information. When you use your MasterCard with Apple Pay, the actual
card numbers are not stored on the device, nor on Apple servers. Instead, a
token is created when you load your MasterCard into your device. The token, an
alternate 16-digit number linked to the device, will only ever be used when
paying with that device.

"At the heart of mobile payments is the peace of mind that comes with knowing
transactions are protected with the highest level of security. Consumers want
the same peace of mind when using Apple Pay that they've enjoyed for years with
their plastic MasterCard. With the mobile security measures built into Apple
Pay, cardholders can be assured that they're fully protected," said Davies.

Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will continue to receive all of the
rewards and benets offered by credit cards. In stores, Apple Pay works with
iPhone SE, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple Watch.
When paying for goods and services in-store and in-app, Apple Pay is compatible
with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air 2, iPad mini
3, iPad mini 4, iPad Pro and Apple Watch.

Source: MasterCard

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              718 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                        May 10, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple Pay Now Available to Canadian MasterCard Cardholders

BYLINE: Team TechTree

LENGTH: 407  words


Safe, simple and secure way to pay.

MasterCard has announced that it will bring its cardholders Apple Pay, which is
transforming mobile payments with an easy, secure and private way to pay that's
fast and convenient. MasterCard credit cardholders banking with Royal Bank of
Canada (RBC), Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CIBC), Canadian Tire Bank and
ATB Financial can pay with Apple Pay starting today, and cardholders who bank
with BMO Financial Group (BMO) will be able to use Apple Pay in the coming
weeks.

"We're excited to work with Apple to bring a new way to pay that eliminates
something many of us dislike: carrying a bulky physical wallet. Apple Pay allows
consumers to pay with their iPhone - an item most of us wouldn't think to leave
home without," said Jason Davies, Vice President of Digital Payments for
MasterCard Canada. "Thanks to our contactless footprint, our cardholders can tap
their Apple devices to pay across the country. This innovation is part of our
commitment to offer Canadians convenient, fast and secure payment options."

Apple Pay leverages MasterCard's safe and secure platform, MDES (MasterCard
Digital Enablement Service), which uses the most advanced payment technologies -
EMV, tokenization, cryptography and biometrics - to ensure the integrity of
cardholder information. When you use your MasterCard with Apple Pay, the actual
card numbers are not stored on the device, nor on Apple servers. Instead, a
token is created when you load your MasterCard into your device. The token, an
alternate 16-digit number linked to the device, will only ever be used when
paying with that device.

"At the heart of mobile payments is the peace of mind that comes with knowing
transactions are protected with the highest level of security. Consumers want
the same peace of mind when using Apple Pay that they've enjoyed for years with
their plastic MasterCard. With the mobile security measures built into Apple
Pay, cardholders can be assured that they're fully protected," said Davies.

Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will continue to receive all of the
rewards and benefits offered by credit cards.In stores, Apple Pay works with
iPhone SE, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple Watch.
When paying for goods and services in-store and in-app, Apple Pay is compatible
with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air 2, iPad mini
3, iPad mini 4, iPad Pro and Apple Watch.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              719 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      October 6, 2015 Tuesday 11:34 AM GMT

iPhone 6S review: a very good phone ruined by rubbish battery life;
Apple's latest iPhone has a better camera, pressure sensitive 3D Touch screen,
faster processor and quick fingerprint sensor, but lives fast and dies before
bed

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1409 words


Star Rating: 4 stars

The iPhone 6S is one of only a handful of smaller premium smartphones and
promises fast performance, a great camera and new pressure-sensitive
touchscreen.

In a world of smartphones with screens larger than 5in, the 4.7in iPhone 6S is
in the minority. Most smaller smartphones are cut-down budget models with Sony's
4.6in Xperia Z5 Compact the exception.

Small, sleek but a bit heavier

The iPhone 6S is the spitting image of last year's iPhone 6. Side-to-side,
back-to-back the only visible difference is a small "S" printed on the back and
an extra 0.2mm in thickness. A pink version is also available, of course, if you
want everyone to know you have the very latest smartphone.

At 143g the iPhone 6S is 14g heavier than last year's model and the larger 5.1in
138g Samsung Galaxy S6 and the 138g Sony Xperia Z5 Compact. The difference is
negligible.

It feels reassuringly solid and smooth in the hand compared to the iPhone 6, and
it is slightly less slippery. It's right on the limit of what I can use with one
hand and still reach the top of the screen, which you need to be able to do
within iOS.

The iPhone 6S's screen, with 326 pixels per inch, has a relatively low pixel
density compared to most other flagship smartphones. The denser the pixels, the
crisper the screen appears. Lower density is particularly noticeable around text
and the edges of icons.

The iPhone 6S's 4.7in screen is noticeably less sharp than the 5.5in 401ppi
screen of the iPhone 6S Plus, or the 577ppi 5.1in screen of the Samsung Galaxy
S6.

While it is similar to the Sony Xperia Z5 Compact 's 323ppi screen and you may
not notice the reduced clarity unless you put it side by side with a phone like
the Galaxy S6, it really is time Apple increased the pixel density of its
smaller flagship phone to at least match that of its phablet.

Specifications

     ·    Screen: 4.7in 750 x 1334 pixels (326 ppi)
     ·    Processor: dual-core Apple A9
     ·    RAM: 2GB of RAM
     ·    Storage: 16/64/128GB; no SD card
     ·    Operating system: iOS 9
     ·    Camera: 12MP rear camera, 5MP front-facing camera
     ·    Connectivity: LTE, Wi-Fi, NFC, Bluetooth 4.2 and GPS
     ·    Dimensions: 138.3 x 67.1 x 7.1mm
     ·    Weight: 143g



As fast as an iPhone can be

The iPhone 6S has the same dual-core A9 processor and 2GB of RAM as the 6S Plus
and performs similarly.

It's as snappy as an Apple smartphone can currently be, limited by the fixed
duration of iOS 9's animations, all of which are as smooth as they were on the
iPhone 6. It's not nearly as snappy as Samsung's Galaxy S6, which is not held
back by the same animation speed limit.

A couple of larger apps and heavier processes, such as video or photo editing,
are slightly faster to load and get work done than last year's iPhone. Switching
between apps is also slightly faster and the Siri suggest screen on the
left-most homescreen within iOS 9 also loads faster on the iPhone 6S compared to
the iPhone 6.

Apple claims the A9 is 70% faster than last year's A8 but not many apps are
available yet to take advantage of the extra speed.

I found the iPhone 6S became warmer than the iPhone 6S Plus, particularly when
downloading or accessing content via the mobile broadband connection rather than
Wi-Fi.

Call quality was excellent and reliable, with no dropped calls in my testing on
EE's mobile network in London. Wi-Fi calling was also excellent and only took
around a second to log on when connecting to Wi-Fi.

Has anyone got an iPhone charger?

Battery life is the iPhone 6S's biggest problem. During the week the phone
failed to make it past 11pm after leaving the charger at 7.30am in the morning.

I used the iPhone as my primary device, receiving hundreds of emails and push
notifications, conducting 2.5 hours of browsing, three hours of music playback
via Bluetooth headphones, taking a couple of pictures and playing the odd game
of Angry Birds 2 on the train home.

At the weekend it spent most of the day sitting on a table untouched, but I
still went to bed with only 30% charge left. Apple's new Low Power Mode made
little appreciable difference in real-world use.

Apple has chosen weight and thickness over battery life, which is a poor choice.
Your experience may vary, but I suspect you will have to charge the iPhone 6S
twice a day.

iOS 9

The iPhone 6S comes with iOS 9 pre-installed; the same software that runs on any
iPhone from the 4S and newer. There are a few features such as Live Photos and
always-listening Siri which are exclusive to this year's iPhones.

iOS 9 seems better designed for the smaller phone. For example, menu options to
go back are placed in the top left hand corner, which I can reach with only one
hand. The tightly kerned typeface San Francisco is also designed to fit more
text on a smaller screen.

For more information see the iOS 9 review.

3D Touch

The new pressure-sensitive screen provides options for more gestures based on
pressing harder. Generally this invokes a pop-up menu similar to a right click.
Homescreen icons will show a quick action menu, while Instagram shows recent
photos from users when pressing harder on their username.

The "peek" and "pop" gestures, as Apple calls them, allow users to preview an
email, for example, without opening it by pushing harder. Releasing and pushing
harder again opens it fully. It's useful in the Calendar app to preview a day in
month view, but 3D Touch lacks any killer features for now.

Touch ID

The Touch ID fingerprint sensor under the home button is much quicker than
Apple's previous efforts, unlocking in under a second and recognising my thumb
99% of the time.

It makes using Apple Pay a lot faster and less clumsy, although some have
complained that you can't see notifications on the lockscreen because it unlocks
too fast. That's what an Apple Watch is for, I suppose, or you could use another
finger.

Taptic Engine

The Taptic Engine creates much sharper, more defined vibrations. It feels great
in the hand, but I found it too weak in the pocket without switching to a much
more aggressive vibration pattern in the Settings app.

Camera

The iPhone 6S's new 12-megapixel camera is one of the best available on a
smartphone, but it is not leagues ahead of the competition anymore and only
slightly improved over the iPhone 6.

Photos are captured with good detail and excellent colour balance. Low light
performance is good too, as is video recording, which is smooth when captured at
60 frames per second.

The lack of optical image stabilisation when compared to the 6S Plus was not
particularly noticeable for normal shots, but video and photos shot in low light
were slightly more shaky and blurred, particularly towards the end of a night
out.

Recording 4K video takes up 300MB of storage space per minute, producing decent
if not exceptional video, while the 3MB Live Photos are an interesting novelty
of which I easily became bored. I ended up shooting more videos after becoming
frustrated with the poor quality and low frame rate of Live Photos.

Price

The iPhone 6S costs £539 for 16GB of storage, £619 for 64GB and £699 for 128GB
in silver, dark grey, gold and pink.

Competitors such as the Samsung Galaxy S6 costs £400 for 32GB of storage and
Sony Xperia Z5 Compact is available for pre-order costing £450 for 32GB with
expansion support.

No one should buy the 16GB storage version as it is just not enough space for
today's apps, music, photos and video, particularly if shot in 4K or taking Live
Photos.

Verdict

The iPhone 6S has the potential to be the best smaller smartphone on the market,
but its short battery life is deeply frustrating.

Apple's iOS 9 fits and works better on the 4.7in screen than on the larger
iPhone 6S Plus, the bezels and size of the device compared to the screen are
more suited to the smaller size and it feels great in the hand.

But it can't get you home on a night out, it can't pull double duty as a camera
on holiday and it can't be a commuter's boredom destroyer without a top up
during the day.

Pros: fast fingerprint scanner, good camera, Taptic Engine, solid build, great
feeling  Cons: poor battery life of less than a day, expensive, 16GB is not
enough storage, no OIS like the 6S Plus, vibration not intense enough to
reliably notice incoming texts

Other reviews

     ·    iPhone 6S Plus review: barely better than the iPhone 6 Plus
     ·    Sony Xperia Z5 Compact review: arguably the best smaller smartphone
     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 review: the iPhone killer
     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge review: curves for pleasure, not function
     ·    Huawei P8 review: thin, powerful and undercuts the competition


LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              720 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      October 6, 2015 Tuesday 9:41 AM GMT

iPhone 6S review: a very good phone ruined by rubbish battery life;
Apple's latest iPhone has a better camera, pressure sensitive 3D Touch screen,
faster processor and quick fingerprint sensor, but lives fast and dies before
bed

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1410 words


Star Rating: 4 stars

The iPhone 6S is one of only a handful of smaller premium smartphones and
promises fast performance, a great camera and new pressure-sensitive
touchscreen.

In a world of smartphones with screens larger than 5in, the 4.7in iPhone 6S is
in the minority. Most smaller smartphones are cut-down budget models with Sony's
4.6in Xperia Z5 Compact the exception.

Small, sleek but a bit heavier

The iPhone 6S is the spitting image of last year's iPhone 6. Side-to-side,
back-to-back the only visible difference is a small "S" printed on the back and
an extra 0.2mm in thickness. A pink version is also available, of course, if you
want everyone to know you have the very latest smartphone.

At 143g the iPhone 6S is 14g heavier than last year's model and the larger 5.1in
138g Samsung Galaxy S6 and the 138g Sony Xperia Z5 Compact. The difference is
negligible.

It feels reassuringly solid and smooth in the hand compared to the iPhone 6, and
it is slightly less slippery. It's right on the limit of what I can use with one
hand and still reach the top of the screen, which you need to be able to do
within iOS.

The iPhone 6S's screen, with 326 pixels per inch, has a relatively low pixel
density compared to most other flagship smartphones. The denser the pixels, the
crisper the screen appears. Lower density is particularly noticeable around text
and the edges of icons.

The iPhone 6S's 4.7in screen is noticeably less sharp than the 5.5in 401ppi
screen of the iPhone 6S Plus, or the 577ppi 5.1in screen of the Samsung Galaxy
S6.

While it is similar to the Sony Xperia Z5 Compact 's 323ppi screen and you may
not notice the reduced clarity unless you put it side by side with a phone like
the Galaxy S6, it really is time Apple increased the pixel density of its
smaller flagship phone to at least match that of its phablet.

Specifications

     ·    Screen: 4.7in 750 x 1334 pixels (326 ppi)
     ·    Processor: dual-core Apple A9
     ·    RAM: 2GB of RAM
     ·    Storage: 16/64/128GB; no SD card
     ·    Operating system: iOS 9
     ·    Camera: 12MP rear camera, 5MP front-facing camera
     ·    Connectivity: LTE, Wi-Fi, NFC, Bluetooth 4.2 and GPS
     ·    Dimensions: 138.3 x 67.1 x 7.1mm
     ·    Weight: 143g



As fast as an iPhone can be

The iPhone 6S has the same dual-core A9 processor and 2GB of RAM as the 6S Plus
and performs similarly.

It's as snappy as an Apple smartphone can currently be, limited by the fixed
duration of iOS 9's animations, all of which are as smooth as they were on the
iPhone 6. It's not nearly as snappy as Samsung's Galaxy S6, which is not held
back by the same animation speed limit.

A couple of larger apps and heavier processes, such as video or photo editing,
are slightly faster to load and get work done than last year's iPhone. Switching
between apps is also slightly faster and the Siri suggest screen on the
left-most homescreen within iOS 9 also loads faster on the iPhone 6S compared to
the iPhone 6.

Apple claims the A9 is 70% faster than last year's A8 but not many apps are
available yet to take advantage of the extra speed.

I found the iPhone 6S became warmer than the iPhone 6S Plus, particularly when
downloading or accessing content via the mobile broadband connection rather than
Wi-Fi.

Call quality was excellent and reliable, with no dropped calls in my testing on
EE's mobile network in London. Wi-Fi calling was also excellent and only took
around a second to log on when connecting to Wi-Fi.

Has anyone got an iPhone charger?

Battery life is the iPhone 6S's biggest problem. During the week the phone
failed to make it past 11pm after leaving the charger at 7.30am in the morning.

I used the iPhone as my primary device, receiving hundreds of emails and push
notifications, conducting 2.5 hours of browsing, three hours of music playback
via Bluetooth headphones, taking a couple of pictures and playing the odd game
of Angry Birds 2 on the train home.

At the weekend it spent most of the day sitting on a table untouched, but I
still went to bed with only 30% charge left. Apple's new Low Power Mode made
little appreciable difference in real-world use.

Apple has chosen weight and thickness over battery life, which is a poor choice.
Your experience may vary, but I suspect you will have to charge the iPhone 6S
twice a day.

iOS 9

The iPhone 6S comes with iOS 9 pre-installed; the same software that runs on any
iPhone from the 4S and newer. There are a few features such as Live Photos and
always-listening Siri which are exclusive to this year's iPhones.

iOS 9 seems better designed for the smaller phone. For example, menu options to
go back are placed in the top left hand corner, which I can reach with only one
hand. The tightly kernelled typeface San Francisco is also designed to fit more
text on a smaller screen.

For more information see the iOS 9 review.

3D Touch

The new pressure-sensitive screen provides options for more gestures based on
pressing harder. Generally this invokes a pop-up menu similar to a right click.
Homescreen icons will show a quick action menu, while Instagram shows recent
photos from users when pressing harder on their username.

The "peek" and "pop" gestures, as Apple calls them, allow users to preview an
email, for example, without opening it by pushing harder. Releasing and pushing
harder again opens it fully. It's useful in the Calendar app to preview a day in
month view, but 3D Touch lacks any killer features for now.

Touch ID

The Touch ID fingerprint sensor under the home button is much quicker than
Apple's previous efforts, unlocking in under a second and recognising my thumb
99% of the time.

It makes using Apple Pay a lot faster and less clumsy, although some have
complained that you can't see notifications on the lockscreen because it unlocks
too fast. That's what an Apple Watch is for, I suppose, or you could use another
finger.

Taptic Engine

The Taptic Engine creates much sharper, more defined vibrations. It feels great
in the hand, but I found it too weak in the pocket without switching to a much
more aggressive vibration pattern in the Settings app.

Camera

The iPhone 6S's new 12-megapixel camera is one of the best available on a
smartphone, but it is not leagues ahead of the competition anymore and only
slightly improved over the iPhone 6.

Photos are captured with good detail and excellent colour balance. Low light
performance is good too, as is video recording, which is smooth when captured at
60 frames per second.

The lack of optical image stabilisation when compared to the 6S Plus was not
particularly noticeable for normal shots, but video and photos shot in low light
were slightly more shaky and blurred, particularly towards the end of a night
out.

Recording 4K video takes up 300MB of storage space per minute, producing decent
if not exceptional video, while the 3MB Live Photos are an interesting novelty
of which I easily became bored. I ended up shooting more videos after becoming
frustrated with the poor quality and low frame rate of Live Photos.

Price

The iPhone 6S costs £539 for 16GB of storage, £619 for 64GB and £699 for 128GB
in silver, dark grey, gold and pink.

Competitors such as the Samsung Galaxy S6 costs £400 for 32GB of storage and
Sony Xperia Z5 Compact is available for pre-order costing £450 for 32GB with
expansion support.

No one should buy the 16GB storage version as it is just not enough space for
today's apps, music, photos and video, particularly if shot in 4K or taking Live
Photos.

Verdict

The iPhone 6S has the potential to be the best smaller smartphone on the market,
but its short battery life is deeply frustrating.

Apple's iOS 9 fits and works better on the 4.7in screen than on the larger
iPhone 6S Plus, the bezels and size of the device compared to the screen are
more suited to the smaller size and it feels great in the hand.

But it can't get you home on a night out, it can't pull double duty as a camera
on holiday and it can't be a commuter's boredom destroyer without a top up
during the day.

Pros: fast fingerprint scanner, good camera, Taptic Engine, solid build, great
feeling  Cons: poor battery life of less than a day, expensive, 16GB is not
enough storage, no OIS like the 6S Plus, vibration not intense enough to
reliably notice incoming texts

Other reviews

     ·    iPhone 6S Plus review: barely better than the iPhone 6 Plus
     ·    Sony Xperia Z5 Compact review: arguably the best smaller smartphone
     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 review: the iPhone killer
     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge review: curves for pleasure, not function
     ·    Huawei P8 review: thin, powerful and undercuts the competition


LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              721 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

Apple sells more than 10m new iPhones in 1st 3-day

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 445 words


Apple Inc said it sold more than 10 million iPhones in the first weekend after
its new models went on sale on Friday, underscoring strong demand for phones
with larger displays.

Chief Executive Tim Cook said the company could have sold even more iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus models if supplies had been available.

Analysts had estimated first-weekend sales of up to 10 million iPhones, after
Apple booked record pre-orders of 4 million on Sept 12, the day pre-orders
opened.

Apple's shares were little changed at $100.98 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq
on Monday.

The company's first-quarter revenue is likely to be 9 percent higher than Wall
Street estimates, based on reported sales and projected demand for the new
iPhones, Piper Jaffray & Co analyst Gene Munster wrote in a note.

Munster said he expected earnings per share to be 12 percent higher than
estimates.

"Despite the supply chain constraints around the iPhone 6 Plus and tightness
around certain models of the iPhone 6, we believe (Monday's) strong print
demonstrates that Apple executed extremely well in the face of severe supply
constraints," Cantor Fitzgerald analyst Brian White wrote in a note.

First-day pre-orders for the new phones, which went on sale in 10 countries, far
surpassed the 2 million recorded for the  model two years ago.

"While our team managed the manufacturing ramp better than ever before, we could
have sold many more iPhones with greater supply and we are working hard to fill
orders as quickly as possible," Cook said in a statement.

Apple sold 9 million iPhone 5S and 5C models last year in 11 countries,
including China, in the first weekend they were available.

Sales of the latest models in China, the world's largest smartphone market, have
been delayed by regulatory issues.

Lured by the prospect of profit from smuggling the new iPhones into China,
opportunists joined the scores of fans outside Apple stores to buy the devices.

Apple said last week that many US customers would have to wait until next month
for their new iPhones due to strong demand. The company routinely faces iPhone
supply constraints, particularly in years that involve a re-design.

The new iPhones will be available in 20 more countries on Sept 26, Apple said.

The company sold 5 million iPhone 5 hanets, 4 million iPhone 4S models and 1.7
million iPhone 4 units during the first weekend.

The shipment levels of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are positive, given that the
new models are not initially available in China, Stifel Nicolaus & Co analyst
Aaron Rakers wrote in a note.

Rakers noted that the latest models would be available in 115 countries by the
end of this year compared with 100 for iPhone 5S and 5C.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              722 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday

Apple iPhone 6S, 6S Plus in India: 10 things to know

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 660 words


Apple's latest smartphones -- iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus -- are finally here!
Launched in India within a month of their global rollout for the first time, the
new iPhones look pretty similar to last year's models, but sport for a lot of
new features, like 3D Touch and better camera

But these are not the only new thing to look forward to. Here are 10 things you
need to know about Apple's new iPhone 6S:

3D Touch

Most smartphone users are accustomed to 'multi-touch' -- the ability for phones
to recognize touches from multiple fingers, enabling such capabilities as
pinching to zoom. With the new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, Apple brings in 3D Touch.

Pressing down hard on the new iPhones will launch additional capabilities. For
example, you can get quick access to tasks such as taking a selfie or getting
directions home. From a message, 3D Touch will give you a preview of a web link
without launching the browser. Similarly, press for a few seconds on a document
icon, and a preview pops out. Press on an address in an email, and a map opens
up. On some video apps, the pressure determines how quickly you forward or
rewind.

12MP rear camera

After being stuck with an 8MP camera sensor since iPhone 4S, the iPhone range
has finally received a substantial megapixel upgrade. iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S
Plus sport a 12MP rear camera, with 50% more focus pixels to ensure faster
autofocus.

Apple says that the new iPhones' camera will deliver more detailed photos than
ever before. It can also capture panorama shots in 63MP resolution and capture
videos in 4K (movie hall quality) resolution.

5MP selfie camera

The selfie camera has also got an upgrade this year, jumping from 1.2MP in
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus to 5MP in iPhone 6S and 6S Plus.

Though it is not backed by a front-facing LED flash, Apple has used a technology
called Retina Flash to deliver brighter selfies. This feature increases the
brightness of the screen by three times, which Apple claims is comparable to
that of its rear dual-LED flash.

The front camera also gets an upgrade. It'll be 5MP FaceTime HD camera that uses
the phone's Retina display for a flash for "detailed selfies." Apple claims that
the new capabilities will now let the display light up 3-times brighter for a
flash that's comparable to that of the TrueTone flash on the back.

Live Photos

Apple has also debuted a feature called Live Photos in the camera app, which
will capture a 1.5-second video before and after you click the shutter in order
to create animated GIFs. Facebook has already added support for Live Photos,
while others may follow suit soon.

A new colour

The new iPhone 6S Plus will also come in a rose gold colour, as well as the
standard silver, gold and space gray hues.

More durable body

Though the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus look the same as their respective predecessors,
they are made of stronger material. Apple has used aircraft-grade 7000 aluminium
alloy, which is less dense and lighter than standard metals used in smartphones,
but is up to 60% stronger.

Apple has also said that the glass used in the touchscreen this time is stronger
than ever before.

Faster processor

The new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus pack the new 64-bit A9 chip with integrated M9
motion coprocessor under the hood, which processes apps 70% faster and graphics
90% faster according to Apple.

Faster fingerprint sensor

Apple says that the TouchID fingerprint sensor used in iPhone 6S and 6S Plus is
twice as fast as the one used in previous iPhones and iPads.

Improved 4G and Wi-Fi performance

Apple has upgraded the wireless chips in iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus too, which
can download/upload data twice as fast compared to last year's models.

The two iPhones now support up to 23 4G LTE bands.

Price

Apple has priced the 16, 64 and 128GB variants of iPhone 6S at Rs 62,000, Rs
72,000 and Rs 82,000, respectively.

Likewise, the 16, 64 and 128GB versions of iPhone 6S Plus cost Rs 72,000, Rs
82,000 and Rs 92,000, respectively.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              723 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

Now, shoot RAW images from your iPhone

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 265 words


NEW DELHI: Apple has announced that it will be adding the ability to capture RAW
images to iPhones, starting with iOS 10. While the stock iOS camera app doesn't
have the functionality to capture RAW images, iPhone users can use Adobe's
Lightroom app for the same. The only requirement for being able to shoot RAW
images is that the iPhone should be running iOS 10 and have a 12MP iSight
camera. This means that the supported devices are iPhone 6/6 Plus, iPhone 6s /6s
Plus, iPhone 7/7 Plus, iPhone SE and even the iPad Pro 9.7. Images captured in
RAW format are uncompressed and don't have any post-processing effects applied
to them, unlike those captured using the stock camera app.

As a result, users can tweak or enhance the images as they like to get the best
out of them. Adobe Lightroom captures RAW images in DNG format. It has also
expanded its has also expanded the colour gamut to match the new displays and
camera on the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Earlier this year, Adobe rolled out a
major update for its Lightroom app for mobile photography on iOS and Android.For
iOS users, the updated Adobe Lightroom v2.4 brings two major improvements. First
is the ability to import images clicked in RAW format and edit them.On Android,
Adobe Lightroom for Android v2.1 brings a new Pro mode in its built-in camera
option under DNG RAW mode. As expected, the mode lets users take control of the
White Balance, ISO and focus, all inside a new interface. There is also a new
Lightroom Camera widget7 which directly fires up the Lightroom's built-in
camera.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              724 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

Now, shoot RAW images from your iPhone

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 265 words


NEW DELHI: Apple has announced that it will be adding the ability to capture RAW
images to iPhones, starting with iOS 10. While the stock iOS camera app doesn't
have the functionality to capture RAW images, iPhone users can use Adobe's
Lightroom app for the same. The only requirement for being able to shoot RAW
images is that the iPhone should be running iOS 10 and have a 12MP iSight
camera. This means that the supported devices are iPhone 6/6 Plus, iPhone 6s /6s
Plus, iPhone 7/7 Plus, iPhone SE and even the iPad Pro 9.7. Images captured in
RAW format are uncompressed and don't have any post-processing effects applied
to them, unlike those captured using the stock camera app.

As a result, users can tweak or enhance the images as they like to get the best
out of them. Adobe Lightroom captures RAW images in DNG format. It has also
expanded its has also expanded the colour gamut to match the new displays and
camera on the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Earlier this year, Adobe rolled out a
major update for its Lightroom app for mobile photography on iOS and Android.For
iOS users, the updated Adobe Lightroom v2.4 brings two major improvements. First
is the ability to import images clicked in RAW format and edit them.On Android,
Adobe Lightroom for Android v2.1 brings a new Pro mode in its built-in camera
option under DNG RAW mode. As expected, the mode lets users take control of the
White Balance, ISO and focus, all inside a new interface. There is also a new
Lightroom Camera widget7 which directly fires up the Lightroom's built-in
camera.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              725 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      October 6, 2015 Tuesday 7:03 AM GMT

iPhone 6S review: a very good phone ruined by rubbish battery life;
Apple's latest iPhone has a better camera, pressure sensitive 3D Touch screen,
faster processor and quick fingerprint sensor, but lives fast and dies before
bed

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1410 words


Star Rating: 4 stars

The iPhone 6S is one of only a handful of smaller premium smartphones and
promises fast performance, a great camera and new pressure-sensitive
touchscreen.

In a world of smartphones with screens larger than 5in, the 4.7in iPhone 6S is
in the minority. Most smaller smartphones are cut-down budget models with Sony's
4.6in Xperia Z5 Compact the exception.

Small, sleek but a bit heavier

The iPhone 6S is the spitting image of last year's iPhone 6. Side-to-side,
back-to-back the only visible difference is a small "S" printed on the back and
an extra 0.2mm in thickness. A pink version is also available, of course, if you
want everyone to know you have the very latest smartphone.

At 143g the iPhone 6S is 14g heavier than last year's model and the larger 5.1in
138g Samsung Galaxy S6 and the 138g Sony Xperia Z5 Compact. The difference is
negligible.

It feels reassuringly solid and smooth in the hand compared to the iPhone 6, and
it is slightly less slippery. It's right on the limit of what I can use with one
hand and still reach the top of the screen, which you need to be able to do
within iOS.

The iPhone 6S's screen, with 326 pixels per inch, has a relatively low pixel
density compared to most other flagship smartphones. The denser the pixels, the
crisper the screen appears. Lower density is particularly noticeable around text
and the edges of icons.

The iPhone 6S's 4.7in screen is noticeably less sharp than the 5.5in 401ppi
screen of the iPhone 6S Plus, or the 577ppi 5.1in screen of the Samsung Galaxy
S6.

While it is similar to the Sony Xperia Z5 Compact 's 323ppi screen and you may
not notice the reduced clarity unless you put it side by side with a phone like
the Galaxy S6, it really is time Apple increased the pixel density of its
smaller flagship phone to at least match that of its phablet.

Specifications

     ·    Screen: 4.7in 750 x 1334 pixels (326 ppi)
     ·    Processor: dual-core Apple A9
     ·    RAM: 2GB of RAM
     ·    Storage: 16/64/128GB; no SD card
     ·    Operating system: iOS 9
     ·    Camera: 12MP rear camera, 5MP front-facing camera
     ·    Connectivity: LTE, Wi-Fi, NFC, Bluetooth 4.2 and GPS
     ·    Dimensions: 138.3 x 67.1 x 7.1mm
     ·    Weight: 143g



As fast as an iPhone can be

The iPhone 6S has the same dual-core A9 processor and 2GB of RAM as the 6S Plus
and performs similarly.

It's as snappy as an Apple smartphone can currently be, limited by the fixed
duration of iOS 9's animations, all of which are as smooth as they were on the
iPhone 6. It's not nearly as snappy as Samsung's Galaxy S6, which is not held
back by the same animation speed limit.

A couple of larger apps and heavier processes, such as video or photo editing,
are slightly faster to load and get work done than last year's iPhone. Switching
between apps is also slightly faster and the Siri suggest screen on the
left-most homescreen within iOS 9 also loads faster on the iPhone 6S compared to
the iPhone 6.

Apple claims the A9 is 70% faster than last year's A8 but not many apps are
available yet to take advantage of the extra speed.

I found the iPhone 6S became warmer than the iPhone 6S Plus, particularly when
downloading or accessing content via the mobile broadband connection rather than
Wi-Fi.

Call quality was excellent and reliable, with no dropped calls in my testing on
EE's mobile network in London. Wi-Fi calling was also excellent and only took
around a second to log on when connecting to Wi-Fi.

Has anyone got an iPhone charger?

Battery life is the iPhone 6S's biggest problem. During the week the phone
failed to make it past 11pm after leaving the charger at 7.30am in the morning.

I used the iPhone as my primary device, receiving hundreds of emails and push
notifications, conducting 2.5 hours of browsing, three hours of music playback
via Bluetooth headphones, taking a couple of pictures and playing the odd game
of Angry Birds 2 on the train home.

At the weekend it spent most of the day sitting on a table untouched, but I
still went to bed with only 30% charge left. Apple's new Low Power Mode made
little appreciable difference in real-world use.

Apple has chosen weight and thickness over battery life, which is a poor choice.
Your experience may vary, but I suspect you will have to charge the iPhone 6S
twice a day.

iOS 9

The iPhone 6S comes with iOS 9 pre-installed; the same software that runs on any
iPhone from the 4S and newer. There are a few features such as Live Photos and
always-listening Siri which are exclusive to this year's iPhones.

iOS 9 seems better designed for the smaller phone. For example, menu options to
go back are placed in the top left hand corner, which I can reach with only one
hand. The tightly kernelled typeface San Francisco is also designed to fit more
text on a smaller screen.

For more information see the iOS 9 review.

3D Touch

The new pressure-sensitive screen provides options for more gestures based on
pressing harder. Generally this invokes a pop-up menu similar to a right click.
Homescreen icons will show a quick action menu, while Instagram shows recent
photos from users when pressing harder on their username.

The "peek" and "pop" gestures, as Apple calls them, allow users to preview an
email, for example, without opening it by pushing harder. Releasing and pushing
harder again opens it fully. It's useful in the Calendar app to preview a day in
month view, but 3D Touch lacks any killer features for now.

Touch ID

The Touch ID fingerprint sensor under the home button is much quicker than
Apple's previous efforts, unlocking in under a second and recognising my thumb
99% of the time.

It makes using Apple Pay a lot faster and less clumsy, although some have
complained that you can't see notifications on the lockscreen because it unlocks
too fast. That's what an Apple Watch is for, I suppose, or you could use another
finger.

Taptic Engine

The Taptic Engine creates much sharper, more defined vibrations. It feels great
in the hand, but I found it too weak in the pocket without switching to a much
more aggressive vibration pattern in the Settings app.

Camera

The iPhone 6S's new 12-megapixel camera is one of the best available on a
smartphone, but it is not leagues ahead of the competition anymore and only
slightly improved over the iPhone 6.

Photos are captured with good detail and excellent colour balance. Low light
performance is good too, as is video recording, which is smooth when captured at
60 frames per second.

The lack of optical image stabilisation when compared to the 6S Plus was not
particularly noticeable for normal shots, but video and photos shot in low light
were slightly more shaky and blurred, particularly towards the end of a night
out.

Recording 4K video takes up 300MB of storage space per minute, producing decent
if not exceptional video, while the 3MB Live Photos are an interesting novelty
of which I easily became bored. I ended up shooting more videos after becoming
frustrated with the poor quality and low frame rate of Live Photos.

Price

The iPhone 6S costs £539 for 16GB of storage, £619 for 64GB and £699 for 128GB
in silver, dark grey, gold and pink.

Competitors such as the Samsung Galaxy S6 costs £400 for 32GB of storage and
Sony Xperia Z5 Compact is available for pre-order costing £450 for 32GB with
expansion support.

No one should buy the 16GB storage version as it is just not enough space for
today's apps, music, photos and video, particularly if shot in 4K or taking Live
Photos.

Verdict

The iPhone 6S has the potential to be the best smaller smartphone on the market,
but it's short battery life is deeply frustrating.

Apple's iOS 9 fits and works better on the 4.7in screen than on the larger
iPhone 6S Plus, the bezels and size of the device compared to the screen are
more suited to the smaller size and it feels great in the hand.

But it can't get you home on a night out, it can't pull double duty as a camera
on holiday and it can't be a commuter's boredom destroyer without a top up
during the day.

Pros: fast fingerprint scanner, good camera, Taptic Engine, solid build, great
feeling  Cons: poor battery life of less than a day, expensive, 16GB is not
enough storage, no OIS like the 6S Plus, vibration not intense enough to
reliably notice incoming texts

Other reviews

     ·    iPhone 6S Plus review: barely better than the iPhone 6 Plus
     ·    Sony Xperia Z5 Compact review: arguably the best smaller smartphone
     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 review: the iPhone killer
     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge review: curves for pleasure, not function
     ·    Huawei P8 review: thin, powerful and undercuts the competition


LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              726 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      October 6, 2015 Tuesday 7:03 AM GMT

iPhone 6S review: a very good phone ruined by rubbish battery life;
Apple's latest iPhone has a better camera, pressure sensitive 3D Touch screen,
faster processor and quick fingerprint sensor, but lives fast and dies before
bed

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1410 words


Star Rating: 4 stars

The iPhone 6S is one of only a handful of smaller premium smartphones and
promises fast performance, a great camera and new pressure-sensitive
touchscreen.

In a world of smartphones with screens larger than 5in, the 4.7in iPhone 6S is
in the minority. Most smaller smartphones are cut-down budget models with Sony's
4.6in Xperia Z5 Compact the exception.

Small, sleek but a bit heavier

The iPhone 6S is the spitting image of last year's iPhone 6. Side-to-side,
back-to-back the only visible difference is a small "S" printed on the back and
an extra 0.2mm in thickness. A pink version is also available, of course, if you
want everyone to know you have the very latest smartphone.

At 143g the iPhone 6S is 14g heavier than last year's model and the larger 5.1in
138g Samsung Galaxy S6 and the 138g Sony Xperia Z5 Compact. The difference is
negligible.

It feels reassuringly solid and smooth in the hand compared to the iPhone 6, and
it is slightly less slippery. It's right on the limit of what I can use with one
hand and still reach the top of the screen, which you need to be able to do
within iOS.

The iPhone 6S's screen, with 326 pixels per inch, has a relatively low pixel
density compared to most other flagship smartphones. The denser the pixels, the
crisper the screen appears. Lower density is particularly noticeable around text
and the edges of icons.

The iPhone 6S's 4.7in screen is noticeably less sharp than the 5.5in 401ppi
screen of the iPhone 6S Plus, or the 577ppi 5.1in screen of the Samsung Galaxy
S6.

While it is similar to the Sony Xperia Z5 Compact 's 323ppi screen and you may
not notice the reduced clarity unless you put it side by side with a phone like
the Galaxy S6, it really is time Apple increased the pixel density of its
smaller flagship phone to at least match that of its phablet.

Specifications

     ·    Screen: 4.7in 750 x 1334 pixels (326 ppi)
     ·    Processor: dual-core Apple A9
     ·    RAM: 2GB of RAM
     ·    Storage: 16/64/128GB; no SD card
     ·    Operating system: iOS 9
     ·    Camera: 12MP rear camera, 5MP front-facing camera
     ·    Connectivity: LTE, Wi-Fi, NFC, Bluetooth 4.2 and GPS
     ·    Dimensions: 138.3 x 67.1 x 7.1mm
     ·    Weight: 143g



As fast as an iPhone can be

The iPhone 6S has the same dual-core A9 processor and 2GB of RAM as the 6S Plus
and performs similarly.

It's as snappy as an Apple smartphone can currently be, limited by the fixed
duration of iOS 9's animations, all of which are as smooth as they were on the
iPhone 6. It's not nearly as snappy as Samsung's Galaxy S6, which is not held
back by the same animation speed limit.

A couple of larger apps and heavier processes, such as video or photo editing,
are slightly faster to load and get work done than last year's iPhone. Switching
between apps is also slightly faster and the Siri suggest screen on the
left-most homescreen within iOS 9 also loads faster on the iPhone 6S compared to
the iPhone 6.

Apple claims the A9 is 70% faster than last year's A8 but not many apps are
available yet to take advantage of the extra speed.

I found the iPhone 6S became warmer than the iPhone 6S Plus, particularly when
downloading or accessing content via the mobile broadband connection rather than
Wi-Fi.

Call quality was excellent and reliable, with no dropped calls in my testing on
EE's mobile network in London. Wi-Fi calling was also excellent and only took
around a second to log on when connecting to Wi-Fi.

Has anyone got an iPhone charger?

Battery life is the iPhone 6S's biggest problem. During the week the phone
failed to make it past 11pm after leaving the charger at 7.30am in the morning.

I used the iPhone as my primary device, receiving hundreds of emails and push
notifications, conducting 2.5 hours of browsing, three hours of music playback
via Bluetooth headphones, taking a couple of pictures and playing the odd game
of Angry Birds 2 on the train home.

At the weekend it spent most of the day sitting on a table untouched, but I
still went to bed with only 30% charge left. Apple's new Low Power Mode made
little appreciable difference in real-world use.

Apple has chosen weight and thickness over battery life, which is a poor choice.
Your experience may vary, but I suspect you will have to charge the iPhone 6S
twice a day.

iOS 9

The iPhone 6S comes with iOS 9 pre-installed; the same software that runs on any
iPhone from the 4S and newer. There are a few features such as Live Photos and
always-listening Siri which are exclusive to this year's iPhones.

iOS 9 seems better designed for the smaller phone. For example, menu options to
go back are placed in the top left hand corner, which I can reach with only one
hand. The tightly kernelled typeface San Francisco is also designed to fit more
text on a smaller screen.

For more information see the iOS 9 review.

3D Touch

The new pressure-sensitive screen provides options for more gestures based on
pressing harder. Generally this invokes a pop-up menu similar to a right click.
Homescreen icons will show a quick action menu, while Instagram shows recent
photos from users when pressing harder on their username.

The "peek" and "pop" gestures, as Apple calls them, allow users to preview an
email, for example, without opening it by pushing harder. Releasing and pushing
harder again opens it fully. It's useful in the Calendar app to preview a day in
month view, but 3D Touch lacks any killer features for now.

Touch ID

The Touch ID fingerprint sensor under the home button is much quicker than
Apple's previous efforts, unlocking in under a second and recognising my thumb
99% of the time.

It makes using Apple Pay a lot faster and less clumsy, although some have
complained that you can't see notifications on the lockscreen because it unlocks
too fast. That's what an Apple Watch is for, I suppose, or you could use another
finger.

Taptic Engine

The Taptic Engine creates much sharper, more defined vibrations. It feels great
in the hand, but I found it too weak in the pocket without switching to a much
more aggressive vibration pattern in the Settings app.

Camera

The iPhone 6S's new 12-megapixel camera is one of the best available on a
smartphone, but it is not leagues ahead of the competition anymore and only
slightly improved over the iPhone 6.

Photos are captured with good detail and excellent colour balance. Low light
performance is good too, as is video recording, which is smooth when captured at
60 frames per second.

The lack of optical image stabilisation when compared to the 6S Plus was not
particularly noticeable for normal shots, but video and photos shot in low light
were slightly more shaky and blurred, particularly towards the end of a night
out.

Recording 4K video takes up 300MB of storage space per minute, producing decent
if not exceptional video, while the 3MB Live Photos are an interesting novelty
of which I easily became bored. I ended up shooting more videos after becoming
frustrated with the poor quality and low frame rate of Live Photos.

Price

The iPhone 6S costs £539 for 16GB of storage, £619 for 64GB and £699 for 128GB
in silver, dark grey, gold and pink.

Competitors such as the Samsung Galaxy S6 costs £400 for 32GB of storage and
Sony Xperia Z5 Compact is available for pre-order costing £450 for 32GB with
expansion support.

No one should buy the 16GB storage version as it is just not enough space for
today's apps, music, photos and video, particularly if shot in 4K or taking Live
Photos.

Verdict

The iPhone 6S has the potential to be the best smaller smartphone on the market,
but it's short battery life is deeply frustrating.

Apple's iOS 9 fits and works better on the 4.7in screen than on the larger
iPhone 6S Plus, the bezels and size of the device compared to the screen are
more suited to the smaller size and it feels great in the hand.

But it can't get you home on a night out, it can't pull double duty as a camera
on holiday and it can't be a commuter's boredom destroyer without a top up
during the day.

Pros: fast fingerprint scanner, good camera, Taptic Engine, solid build, great
feeling  Cons: poor battery life of less than a day, expensive, 16GB is not
enough storage, no OIS like the 6S Plus, vibration not intense enough to
reliably notice incoming texts

Other reviews

     ·    iPhone 6S Plus review: barely better than the iPhone 6 Plus
     ·    Sony Xperia Z5 Compact review: arguably the best smaller smartphone
     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 review: the iPhone killer
     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge review: curves for pleasure, not function
     ·    Huawei P8 review: thin, powerful and undercuts the competition


LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              727 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Apple sells record 10 million new iPhones in first three days

LENGTH: 109  words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Apple Inc said it sold a record 10 million iPhones in the first weekend after
its new, larger phone models went on sale in 10 countries on Friday.

The phones, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, drew more than four million pre-orders
on Sept 12, more than double the 2 million orders for the company's iPhone 5
model in the same period two years ago.

Analysts had estimated first-weekend sales of up to 10 million iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus models, based on the first-day pre-orders.

Last year, Apple sold 9 million iPhone 5S and 5C models in 11 countries,
including China, in the first weekend. Sales of the new models in China have
been delayed by regulatory issues.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              728 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      Khaleej Times (United Arab Emirates)

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday

New iPhone 6 Plus pre-order shipments delayed by a month

LENGTH: 261 words


The smaller 4.7-inch iPhone 6 is still available for delivery on September 19,
Apple's website showed.

Many customers will have to wait three to four weeks to get their hands on
Apple's larger screen iPhone 6 Plus after pre-orders for September 19 delivery
were booked out within hours.

The smaller 4.7-inch iPhone 6 is still available for delivery on September 19,
Apple's website showed.

Apple's iPhone 6 Plus, which has a 5.5-inch display, goes on sale in US stores
on September 19. Websites of Apple's carrier partners, Verizon Wireless , AT&T
and Sprint Corp, also showed delays of up to six weeks.

Suppliers to Apple were scrambling to get enough screens ready for the new
iPhones as the need to redesign a key component disrupted panel production,
supply chain sources told Reuters last month. It was unclear whether the hiccup
could limit the number of phones initially available to consumers, the sources
said at the time.

Apple's Chinese customers may also have to wait until the year-end before they
can buy the iPhone 6. Apple is yet to set a release date for China, the world's
biggest smartphone market.

Apple unveiled its latest iPhones along with a watch and a mobile payments
service on Tuesday.

Apple unveiled last week the new smartphones with rounded edges, thinner frames,
higher-resolution displays and a mobile payments service. They became available
for pre-order starting at 3am New York time.

Apple is selling out of its stock even after customers took to Twitter to
complain of difficulties loading the website to place pre-orders on Friday
morning.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 44


   Copyright 2014 Khaleej Times - Galadari Printing and Publishing Co. L.L.C.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              729 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

If you had to choose only one, the iPhone 6 Plus would do;
State of the Art

BYLINE: FARHAD MANJOO

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 1083 words

ABSTRACT

Clunky though it may be, the term for big phones certainly fits Apple's iPhone 6
Plus.

FULL TEXT

It's time to make peace with ''phablet.'' Sure, the tech industry could have
come up with a prettier, less jarring way to refer to smartphones that are big
enough to be used as tablet computers. But phablets deserve their own
unforgettably descriptive name. They aren't simply large-screen phones. They are
a distinctly new type of computing device, a machine that is often more useful,
and more versatile, than either smartphones or laptops.

Phablets could even become the dominant computing device of the future: the most
popular kind of phone on the market, and perhaps the only computer many of us
need.

Now I've long been on the record as hating big phones. But this week I decided
to try using the latest one, Apple's new iPhone 6 Plus, with its 5.5-inch
display, as my primary, all-purpose computer - a machine for work, fun and
everything in between. I had to make occasional stops at my laptop to write
articles, but I ended up spending about 80 percent to 90 percent of my computing
time with Apple's big phone.

I didn't exactly prefer this lifestyle; if you've got the resources and patience
to buy a laptop, smartphone and tablet, go for it. But if an alien race swooped
down  and forced earthlings to use only a single computer, I'd choose the iPhone
6 Plus. If you're just looking for one machine for everything, a phablet like
this one isn't a bad way to go.

Apple doesn't use the P-word, but the 6 Plus, which goes on sale Friday, is
larger than the original Samsung Galaxy Note, the device that came out in 2011
and is generally credited as the first phablet. It's obvious why Apple had to
make a phablet, a device that its executives and fans had long made fun of.
Despite the awkwardness of holding a device as large as a cafeteria tray up to
your ear, phablets made by Samsung and other companies have become a huge global
hit. They are already more popular than laptops and desktops, and they'll almost
certainly start outselling tablet computers soon, too.

Their popularity might reflect the unimportance of the phone part of the
phablet: Who makes phone calls anymore? Instead, some market-watchers argue, a
significant number of the world's computer-obssessed population either can't
afford or can't manage a future in which we all own three devices: a PC, a
tablet and a phone. Lots of people want a single machine that can fulfill their
computing needs.

On the other hand, a phablet presents many trade-offs. Depending on the job you
have, there's a good chance it isn't nearly as comfortable for sustained work as
your PC.  Many of the tasks we call ''work'' usually require a great physical
keyboard, and obviously the iPhone 6 Plus doesn't have that.

What's more, though it is quite thin, the 6 Plus is about 27 percent taller and
32 percent wider than Apple's old flagship, the iPhone 5S. That makes it
something of a monster in your pocket; there were times this week when I reached
for my 5S and fell in love again with its seductively compact design.

Yet what it lacks in pocketability, the iPhone 6 Plus makes up for in usability
and accessibility. Your phablet, like your phone, is a machine you always have
with you, but like a tablet, it's got a screen big enough to let you accomplish
many more productive tasks. And unlike a laptop, it's instantly available. Pull
it out of your pocket and start working anywhere.

Over the last week I used the 6 Plus to do just about everything I normally do
with my phone and with my laptop. Every morning I would wake up, then slump into
my phablet-friendly office, also known as my bed, couch or any other
recline-friendly bit of furniture. There I would stare and tap at my screen all
day. This was sort of bizarre; my house is full of computers, and  I often had
to restrain myself from grabbing a laptop to get stuff done.

But I persevered, and soon I found myself falling into the habits of a
phablet-only life. I caught up with email, researched my articles, read lots and
lots of stuff on the web, worked with a few spreadsheets, and with the help of
an add-on physical keyboard, I even tried to write some of my articles.

I found that the 6 Plus has two advantages over smaller smartphones, and one
primary advantage over rival phablets. Compared with small phones, typing is
much easier. When you hold the 6 Plus with two hands in portrait mode - that is,
vertically - and type with your thumbs, there's a perfect fit.

Using the iPhone's built-in onscreen keyboard or an onscreen keyboard made by
Swype, I found myself jotting out emails much more quickly than I had on
traditional smartphones. Unfortunately, in landscape mode - holding the phone
horizontally - the effect was ruined; as Molly also found, the 6 Plus is much
too wide to type on comfortably.

The other obvious advantage over smaller phones is screen size. The 6 Plus's
display is big enough to transform activities that are a bit unpleasant on small
smartphones into tasks that are nearly comfortable to perform on a phone. These
tasks range from watching movies to reading documents to scrolling through
spreadsheets - anything where the display counts, and where you're eager to save
your eyes.

The 6 Plus's advantage over other phablets is also pretty obvious: It runs
Apple's iOS, an operating system that is still far more intuitive and
user-friendly than the interfaces that Samsung and other rivals have built into
their phones.

It's true that unlike Apple, Android phonemakers have added many extra software
features to take advantage of phablets' larger displays, including the ability
to run two apps on a screen at once. But I have found many such features
gimmicky; it's not often that I need to watch a video and sort through email at
the same time.

Also, app developers still devote most of their resources to creating the best
apps for iOS first.

One oft-mentioned risk of the 6 Plus, for Apple, is that the big phone will
displace sales of Apple's tablets. But the Plus could actually be a blessing.
Apple sells the 6 Plus to carriers for prices starting at $750; the
high-definition iPad Mini starts at $399.

But to customers who sign up for a cellular contract, the 6 Plus appears cheaper
than the iPad - it's just $299. In other words, if you choose a big iPhone over
an iPad, Apple will be selling you a more expensive device at a price that looks
cheaper. So that's the other big thing about phablets: They can make money for
tech companies.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              730 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Express

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

iSay! New iPhone is bending out of shape in pockets

BYLINE: Sally Guyoncourt

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 261 words


APPLE'S new ultra-thin iPhone is bending out of shape in its owners' pockets, it
emerged last night.

The £620 phone - which only went on sale in the UK on Friday - has a slimline
body and a supersized screen, and that appears to be the cause of the problems.

The internet has been swamped with pictures of warped and misshapen iPhones.

Shatters

One particular YouTube video, already viewed 13.8 million times, showed an
iPhone 6 Plus bending under the pressure of the fingers of its owner, Lewis
Hilsenteger of US website Unbox Therapy.

Another iPhone 6 Plus owner told how his smartphone had become irreversibly bent
after he sat on it during a long drive.

The bent phones seem to operate in most cases although the screen shatters if
the phones are forced back into shape. The new models are about a quarter of an
inch thick and housed in a single piece of moulded aluminium alloy.

They have larger screens than previous models, and the weakest area is reported
to be around the volume buttons where the frame is thinnest.

Apple has refused to comment on the reported problems with the latest iPhone
model.

But it is not the first time it has faced setbacks with the iPhone.

Following the launch of the iPhone 4 in 2010, Apple was forced to give new
owners a free case to resolve a problem with the antenna.

The new models - the iPhone 6 Plus and iPhone 6 - sold more than 10 million
worldwide in the three days after they were launched, breaking records for
opening weekend sales.

In London, Apple fans queued for up to 10 days to get their hands on the new
models.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Two of the trendy new ultra-thin iPhones that ended up as casualties

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DXP


                       Copyright 2014 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              731 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday

Fans jam Apple site as new iPhones go on sale

BYLINE: Chris Lau and Amy Nip

SECTION: NEWS; City; Technology; Pg.1

LENGTH: 333 words


There were winners and losers yesterday as iPhone fans in Hong Kong scrambled to
log on to tech giant Apple's website to get their hands on the latest gadgets.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus - unveiled in Cupertino,  California, on  Tuesday
- went on sale in the city at 3pm.

Buyers were told to place their pre-orders on Apple's local website, and that
their phones would be delivered to them within  the next four weeks.

But some who missed out on their favoured models reported delays of up to 45
minutes in accessing the site.

Hong Kong is among nine markets - including the United States and Singapore -
where the phones will first go on sale, in Hong Kong's case next Friday.

The second batch, including Taiwan and many European nations, will get hold of
the phones a week later. The mainland is not among markets in the second batch,
which is likely to fuel demand in Hong Kong as mainland tourists may come to the
city to buy the phones, meaning a higher price for touts.

All stock of the 11.9cm-screen iPhone 6 and the 14cm-screen Plus model was
snatched up within about two hours.

Buyer Pang Shun-sing, 25, said he spent 45 minutes just trying to get onto the
site.

"I wanted to get the 64GB iPhone 6 Plus in gold, but they were sold out by
then," he said.

Pang's comments echoed those posted on popular internet forum HKGolden.com, with
many saying they also had difficulties accessing the site.

Pang bought four iPhone 6s, which he hopes to sell for a higher price and use
the profit to get his desired model.

Some opted to secure one of the phones with their mobile service provider by
signing up for a plan. Catherine Chan Ka-yee ordered an iPhone 6 Plus from CSL
but was worried because she was not given details of the plan when she signed up
last month.

Some providers revealed their plans yesterday. CSL and SmarTone's cheapest
package offers a 1GB mobile data plan at a monthly fee of HK$298 for a 16GB
iPhone 6, with an additional payment of about HK$1,450 or HK$1,480,
respectively.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: 45 ; Some fans had to wait this many minutes to access Apple's website
yesterday

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              732 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Northern Daily Leader

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

STOPPING off for a hot chocolate was the undoing of

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 543 words


STOPPING off for a hot chocolate was the undoing of Nadine Yates' unblemished
record at iPhone launches in Tamworth.

For years now 28-year-old Nadine has been first in line at the Telstra Store in
Tamworth to secure the latest iPhone model, but when she arrived at 5.05am
yesterday, Ron Pratt had beaten her to the punch.

Age and treachery beat youth and skill every time, or so 58-year-old Ron
reckons.

"I was there at 5am. Nadine came in about five minutes after me," he said
yesterday.

"I'm saying this jokingly, but I've never been first in anything, so I was going
to make sure I was first today."

He chose the iPhone 6 over the 6 Plus and said size was the determining factor.

"It fits into my jeans pocket really well," he said.

"If you've got a handbag or a man bag, you could easily accommodate the 6 Plus,
but I'm very happy with the iPhone 6."

Ron previously had an iPhone 4, then switched to another company, but didn't
like it. As he'd given away his phone to his son, he decided to upgrade to the
iPhone 5.

"In 12 or 18 months when they bring in the iPhone 7, I'll be in the queue for
that. I find it to be a very reliable, well-supported system and the staff in
the Telstra Store are fantastic."

Nadine was on track for her 5am stakeout outside the Telstra Store until she got
a text from a staff member who said nobody was there, so she should go get
herself a hot chocolate.

Hot chocolate in hand, she discovered Ron there, but didn't mind, as he was as
big an iPhone fan as she was.

Nadine loves the two-side layout of her new iPhone 6 Plus and said it was
"fantastic".

"It's a beautiful phone. I love the new technology. It's faster, the photos are
better and while it's a bigger phone, it's thinner," she said.

"I can easily fit it into my pocket, but it might be another story once I get a
case on it.

"The product is made simple, but very intelligently laid out. And having the
longer-lasting battery is a bonus."

Chris Von Wieldt, 28, from Brisbane, is visiting his partner, Nadine, and was
third in line.

"I've had iPhones since the fourth generation and I've always loved the
product," Chris said.

"They have a quality feel to them, they always introduce cutting-edge technology
and they're very artistic in their design." Being a photographer, he opted for
the 6 Plus too and is impressed with the bigger screen, the high-resolution
photos and the higher-density pixels.

"These days your phone is so much more than just a phone," Chris said.

"You carry so much information with you, it's more like a portable computer."

Tamworth Telstra Store licensee Hayley Dunst said about 100 of the new models
had been snapped up by early afternoon yesterday and she expected to sell close
to 140 by day's end.

"The good thing is we have received another delivery after our initial allotment
of 130, so pending any crazy, late- afternoon rush today, we should have some
stock available on Saturday," Hayley said.

"We're happy to take an order if the phone the customer chooses isn't in stock,
though."

Telstra Country Wide North West NSW acting area general manager Peter Lamond
said all sites had reported excellent first-day sales.

"This has got to be the biggest launch we've seen so far, based on pre-interest
and turnout to stores," Peter said.

"It's been fantastic."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              733 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                               September 23, 2014

Apple sells more than 10m new iPhones in 1st 3-day

LENGTH: 523  words


Apple Inc said it sold more than 10 million iPhones in the first weekend after
its new models went on sale on Friday, underscoring strong demand for phones
with larger displays.

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-President at Apple Inc., announces new pricing for
iPhones an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September
9, 2014.[Photo/Agencies]

Apple Inc said it sold more than 10 million iPhones in the first weekend after
its new models went on sale on Friday, underscoring strong demand for phones
with larger displays.

Chief Executive Tim Cook said the company could have sold even more iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus models if supplies had been available.

Analysts had estimated first-weekend sales of up to 10 million iPhones, after
Apple booked record pre-orders of 4 million on Sept 12, the day pre-orders
opened.

Apple's shares were little changed at $100.98 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq
on Monday.

The company's first-quarter revenue is likely to be 9 percent higher than Wall
Street estimates, based on reported sales and projected demand for the new
iPhones, Piper Jaffray & Co analyst Gene Munster wrote in a note.

Apple fans line up around the world for iPhone 6

Opportunists cash in on delayed iPhone launch in China

Munster said he expected earnings per share to be 12 percent higher than
estimates.

"Despite the supply chain constraints around the iPhone 6 Plus and tightness
around certain models of the iPhone 6, we believe (Monday's) strong print
demonstrates that Apple executed extremely well in the face of severe supply
constraints," Cantor Fitzgerald analyst Brian White wrote in a note.

First-day pre-orders for the new phones, which went on sale in 10 countries, far
surpassed the 2 million recorded for the iPhone 5 model two years ago.

"While our team managed the manufacturing ramp better than ever before, we could
have sold many more iPhones with greater supply and we are working hard to fill
orders as quickly as possible," Cook said in a statement.

Apple sold 9 million iPhone 5S and 5C models last year in 11 countries,
including China, in the first weekend they were available.

Sales of the latest models in China, the world's largest smartphone market, have
been delayed by regulatory issues.

Lured by the prospect of profit from smuggling the new iPhones into China,
opportunists joined the scores of fans outside Apple stores to buy the devices.

Apple said last week that many US customers would have to wait until next month
for their new iPhones due to strong demand. The company routinely faces iPhone
supply constraints, particularly in years that involve a re-design.

The new iPhones will be available in 20 more countries on Sept 26, Apple said.

The company sold 5 million iPhone 5 handsets, 4 million iPhone 4S models and 1.7
million iPhone 4 units during the first weekend.

The shipment levels of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are positive, given that the
new models are not initially available in China, Stifel Nicolaus & Co analyst
Aaron Rakers wrote in a note.

Rakers noted that the latest models would be available in 115 countries by the
end of this year compared with 100 for iPhone 5S and 5C.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              734 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

Apple sells more than 10m new iPhones in 1st 3-day

LENGTH: 523  words


Apple Inc said it sold more than 10 million iPhones in the first weekend after
its new models went on sale on Friday, underscoring strong demand for phones
with larger displays.

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-President at Apple Inc., announces new pricing for
iPhones an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September
9, 2014.[Photo/Agencies]

Apple Inc said it sold more than 10 million iPhones in the first weekend after
its new models went on sale on Friday, underscoring strong demand for phones
with larger displays.

Chief Executive Tim Cook said the company could have sold even more iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus models if supplies had been available.

Analysts had estimated first-weekend sales of up to 10 million iPhones, after
Apple booked record pre-orders of 4 million on Sept 12, the day pre-orders
opened.

Apple's shares were little changed at $100.98 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq
on Monday.

The company's first-quarter revenue is likely to be 9 percent higher than Wall
Street estimates, based on reported sales and projected demand for the new
iPhones, Piper Jaffray & Co analyst Gene Munster wrote in a note.

Apple fans line up around the world for iPhone 6

Opportunists cash in on delayed iPhone launch in China

Munster said he expected earnings per share to be 12 percent higher than
estimates.

"Despite the supply chain constraints around the iPhone 6 Plus and tightness
around certain models of the iPhone 6, we believe (Monday's) strong print
demonstrates that Apple executed extremely well in the face of severe supply
constraints," Cantor Fitzgerald analyst Brian White wrote in a note.

First-day pre-orders for the new phones, which went on sale in 10 countries, far
surpassed the 2 million recorded for the iPhone 5 model two years ago.

"While our team managed the manufacturing ramp better than ever before, we could
have sold many more iPhones with greater supply and we are working hard to fill
orders as quickly as possible," Cook said in a statement.

Apple sold 9 million iPhone 5S and 5C models last year in 11 countries,
including China, in the first weekend they were available.

Sales of the latest models in China, the world's largest smartphone market, have
been delayed by regulatory issues.

Lured by the prospect of profit from smuggling the new iPhones into China,
opportunists joined the scores of fans outside Apple stores to buy the devices.

Apple said last week that many US customers would have to wait until next month
for their new iPhones due to strong demand. The company routinely faces iPhone
supply constraints, particularly in years that involve a re-design.

The new iPhones will be available in 20 more countries on Sept 26, Apple said.

The company sold 5 million iPhone 5 handsets, 4 million iPhone 4S models and 1.7
million iPhone 4 units during the first weekend.

The shipment levels of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are positive, given that the
new models are not initially available in China, Stifel Nicolaus & Co analyst
Aaron Rakers wrote in a note.

Rakers noted that the latest models would be available in 115 countries by the
end of this year compared with 100 for iPhone 5S and 5C.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              735 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Price shocker for iPhone 6 fans

BYLINE: REJIMON K

LENGTH: 415 words


Muscat: Apple fans in Oman who are planning to lay their hands on the new iPhone
series have to shell out between OMR500 and OMR900, said traders having the
price list.



"The price list we have got from dealers in Dubai shows that the iPhone 6 16GB
version will cost OMR540 and iPhone 6 Plus 16GB version will cost OMR680," said
a sales representative at Smart Zone.

Apple this week unveiled the two latest models in its iPhone series, both of
which boast a larger screen, in a bid to recapture its role as a technological
trend-setter and many in Oman are waiting to own the new handsets.

According to the trader, iPhone 6 16GB will cost OMR540, 64GB will cost OMR590
and 128GB will cost OMR640. The iPhone 6 Plus 16GB will cost OMR680, 64GB OMR790
and 128GB will cost OMR890.
"These are the initial prices sent by dealers in Dubai. Now, we have to get the
Telecom Regulatory Authority (TRA) permission for sale. Most probably, the new
iPhones will be available by the last week of this month," said the sales
representative.

"Apple products always have a high price during the launch. Depending on the
region and country the price varies. Even the iPhone 5s had a high price range.
The price of the starting model was nearly OMR500 when it was launched. But that
never deters Apple's ardent fans. Here too, Omanis are not bothered about the
price. Some want it at any cost," said the trader.

Price details
Meanwhile, after Times of Oman reported the price details first, the social
networking websites were abuzz with comments.

While many were surprised with the price, some even related the news story of a
salary hike survey prediction.

Apple's online store crashed under the weight of demand from eager customers
hoping to pre-order one of the new iPhone 6 models launched this week.

The company announced it would make pre-orders, but in minutes it had begun
displaying "We'll be back" messages in several languages.

Twitter users reported problems with sites around the world before services
appeared to have been restored after 30 minutes.

Meanwhile, people who were lucky enough to have secured pre-orders for the first
iPhone 6 shipments are now flogging their prizes on eBay in a bid to rake in
more than $1,000 in profits.

According to Apple's official website, the price of iPhone 6 16GB is $199 for US
customers while the iPhone 6 Plus 16GB will be at $299 with a two-year contract.


Reporter can be reached at reji@timesofoman.com   Muscat Press and Publishing
House SAOC 2014

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2014 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              736 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             June 18, 2015 Thursday

Apple iPhone 6s could be made of stronger aluminum

LENGTH: 201  words


The next iPhones will not bend

By tbreak Staff -

Reliable tech analyst Ming-Chi Kuo reports that Apple plans to use the stronger
7000 series aluminum/zync materials for the next Apple iPhone 6S and the Apple
iPhone 6S Plus. These new materials are aimed to address the BendGate issues
that the present iPhone 6/ iPhone 6 Plus users have faced.

Kuo mentions that the materials could make the next iPhones slightly bigger at
0.2mm more thickness, and 0.15mm taller. Apple will also be adding the new Force
Touch technology for the next iPhones as well.

The anticipated Apple iPhone 6S and the iPhone 6S Plus is expected to feature a
revamped 12MP camera, a new A9 processor, 2GB of RAM, sharper display and a new
Rose Gold color option too in the premium segment. The new devices are expected
to be announced by the fourth quarter of this year.

There were also reports that Apple is considering to implement the iPhone 6S
with a 4.7-inch display with 1080p resolution, and the bigger iPhone 6S Plus
with a 5.5-inch 1440p resolution display. The new Apple A9 processor will be
fabricated under Samsung's 14nm FinFET processor. So expect the new fabrication
to come with improved power consumption and heat dissipation.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              737 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           September 23, 2016 Friday

From Google Glass to iPhone 4, five biggest tech blunders

BYLINE: Karan Bajaj

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 1102 words


The exploding Galaxy Note 7 battery might be the latest tech debacle you've
heard of but missteps are common in the consumer technology space. Here is a
look at some such events from recent memory.

APPLE

Apple has always had a way with design -their products, be it phones, laptops or
tablets have always been loved for stunning design and performance. However, the
company has not been without its share of missteps when it comes to iPhone. Back
in 2010 when Apple launched its iPhone 4, it was widely reported that when the
phone was held near the antenna band, it lost a significant chunk of signal
reception. Apple acknowledged that there was a problem and announced a fix via
software update.However, the issue persisted even after the fix. Steve Jobs
announced free bumper cases for iPhone 4 customers -using a case solved the
issue of the antenna being blocked. It came to be called antenna-gate.

iPhone 4 was launched in 2010.

The second big blunder was with the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Both phones came
with a new all-metal unibody design instead of the metal and glass design that
was used on the iPhone 5s. However, customers complained that both the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus would bend easily when kept in a pocket or in bags -raising
concerns on the build quality of the phone. While Apple never officially
acknowledged it to be a big issue, the company did offer a free replacement to
users if the handset did appear to be accidently bent. In the next variants -
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, Apple improved build quality of the devices by
using strengthened anodized aluminum to build the phone's shell.Bend-gate was
the term handed out this time.

HOVERBOARDS

Sub-standard lithium-ion batteries were used in the device which started
resulting in explosions. (Image: AP)

A hoverboard is the common name given to a self-balancing, battery-powered
scooter.These devices first came into the limelight in China (around 2014)
-within a year, they became the new craze for the urban elite. A number of
Indian companies also imported and launched them in India and many variants were
available at electronics and toy stores for a while. We reviewed one of the
variants -it was a lot of fun to ride it -you just need to bend slightly forward
to make it go forward and bend backwards to slow down or stop. Think of it like
a mini Segway. However, because of the hype and sudden demand, a lot of cheap
knock offs started appearing -these devices failed to meet many safety
requirements and used sub-standard lithium-ion batteries which started resulting
in explosions. As the number of YouTube videos grew -Hoverboards were quickly
deemed to a big fire hazard. Almost all commercial airlines quickly banned
carriage of hoverboards. Interest took a nosedive and the product faded away
slowly. Even the so called `certified' and quality controlled hoverboards have
not caught on.

GOOGLE

Just like Apple and Microsoft, Google has had its share of blunders over the
years when it comes to devices. The company raised a lot of interest when it
announced Google Glass and showed off a demo of how interactive it is and how
useful it is in daily life. However, the hype went down the drain when the price
was announced -at US$1,500, the glass was clearly overpriced, bulky, had limited
use and limited battery life. There has been no significant news regarding any
update of the product for a few months now.

The device was overpriced, bulky and had limited battery life. (Image: Reuters)

In addition, Nexus smartphones have done well great, but Google also tried its
hand at media players with the Nexus Q. It was announced in 2012 and priced at
US$300 -the idea was that the player will prove to be a one-stop solution for
anyone who wants to use Google's services (Google Play Music, YouTube, Google
Play Movies & TV) on a Television instead of a smartphone. Tech media liked the
device -the spherical design was unique but it lacked features in comparison to
existing media players and had a high price. The device never properly launched
for consumers and those who had pre-ordered it after the announcement got the
device for free. In 2013, Google quietly discontinued the failed product.

The latest misstep from Google is the modular smartphone project called Project
Ara. The concept of a modular smartphone -where you can replace a particular
component with another to improve performance and capabilities started in 2012.
Google demoed a few prototypes over the years but did not have a fixed date for
a launch. At the Google IO event in 2016, the company showcased a new prototype
of Project Ara called the Developer edition and announced that a consumer launch
of the device will happen in 2017. However, just a short while later, 2
September 2016, Google announced that the project had been discontinued to
streamline the company's hardware strategy -this throws 4 years of work on the
project down the drain.

HD DVD

Many of you will not have heard of HD DVD -it was an alternative, high-density
optical drive option that was released about the same time as Blu-Ray discs.
While the formats were announced in 2003, the industry was divided into two
groups: HD DVD vs Blu-Ray . Microsoft and Toshiba went with HD DVD and in 2006
the first HD DVD players and discs appeared for consumers.However, in 2008,
Warner Bros -who had the largest share of the DVD market announced, that they
would no longer support HD DVD. This was followed by Walmart -the largest DVD
retailer in the United States.Finally , NetFlix, which was one of the biggest
online video rental services, also revoked support for the HD DVD format which
essentially led to the victory of the Blu-Ray format in a short two years. One
big reason for the victory of Blu-Ray could be credited to Sony -they chose to
include Blu-Ray drives in the PlayStation 3 console which automatically resulted
in increasing the user base of the Blu-Ray format exponentially compared to HD
DVD.

MICROSOFT ZUNE

The iPod digital music player was a gamechanging device that brought Apple back
from bankruptcy . Microsoft wanted to replicate some of that success by
launching a digital music player of their own in 2006. While Apple sold over 100
million iPods in 2008, Microsoft manage to sell 2 million Zune players. Between
2006 to 2011, Microsoft launched four variants of the player but none of them
was able to make any dent on the market. In 2011 Microsoft officially announced
the discontinuation of the Zune device, thanks to what many described as a
spectacular failure against the Apple iPod and other portable music players.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              738 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           September 23, 2016 Friday

From Google Glass to iPhone 4, five biggest tech blunders

BYLINE: Karan Bajaj

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 1102 words


The exploding Galaxy Note 7 battery might be the latest tech debacle you've
heard of but missteps are common in the consumer technology space. Here is a
look at some such events from recent memory.

APPLE

Apple has always had a way with design -their products, be it phones, laptops or
tablets have always been loved for stunning design and performance. However, the
company has not been without its share of missteps when it comes to iPhone. Back
in 2010 when Apple launched its iPhone 4, it was widely reported that when the
phone was held near the antenna band, it lost a significant chunk of signal
reception. Apple acknowledged that there was a problem and announced a fix via
software update.However, the issue persisted even after the fix. Steve Jobs
announced free bumper cases for iPhone 4 customers -using a case solved the
issue of the antenna being blocked. It came to be called antenna-gate.

iPhone 4 was launched in 2010.

The second big blunder was with the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Both phones came
with a new all-metal unibody design instead of the metal and glass design that
was used on the iPhone 5s. However, customers complained that both the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus would bend easily when kept in a pocket or in bags -raising
concerns on the build quality of the phone. While Apple never officially
acknowledged it to be a big issue, the company did offer a free replacement to
users if the handset did appear to be accidently bent. In the next variants -
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, Apple improved build quality of the devices by
using strengthened anodized aluminum to build the phone's shell.Bend-gate was
the term handed out this time.

HOVERBOARDS

Sub-standard lithium-ion batteries were used in the device which started
resulting in explosions. (Image: AP)

A hoverboard is the common name given to a self-balancing, battery-powered
scooter.These devices first came into the limelight in China (around 2014)
-within a year, they became the new craze for the urban elite. A number of
Indian companies also imported and launched them in India and many variants were
available at electronics and toy stores for a while. We reviewed one of the
variants -it was a lot of fun to ride it -you just need to bend slightly forward
to make it go forward and bend backwards to slow down or stop. Think of it like
a mini Segway. However, because of the hype and sudden demand, a lot of cheap
knock offs started appearing -these devices failed to meet many safety
requirements and used sub-standard lithium-ion batteries which started resulting
in explosions. As the number of YouTube videos grew -Hoverboards were quickly
deemed to a big fire hazard. Almost all commercial airlines quickly banned
carriage of hoverboards. Interest took a nosedive and the product faded away
slowly. Even the so called `certified' and quality controlled hoverboards have
not caught on.

GOOGLE

Just like Apple and Microsoft, Google has had its share of blunders over the
years when it comes to devices. The company raised a lot of interest when it
announced Google Glass and showed off a demo of how interactive it is and how
useful it is in daily life. However, the hype went down the drain when the price
was announced -at US$1,500, the glass was clearly overpriced, bulky, had limited
use and limited battery life. There has been no significant news regarding any
update of the product for a few months now.

The device was overpriced, bulky and had limited battery life. (Image: Reuters)

In addition, Nexus smartphones have done well great, but Google also tried its
hand at media players with the Nexus Q. It was announced in 2012 and priced at
US$300 -the idea was that the player will prove to be a one-stop solution for
anyone who wants to use Google's services (Google Play Music, YouTube, Google
Play Movies & TV) on a Television instead of a smartphone. Tech media liked the
device -the spherical design was unique but it lacked features in comparison to
existing media players and had a high price. The device never properly launched
for consumers and those who had pre-ordered it after the announcement got the
device for free. In 2013, Google quietly discontinued the failed product.

The latest misstep from Google is the modular smartphone project called Project
Ara. The concept of a modular smartphone -where you can replace a particular
component with another to improve performance and capabilities started in 2012.
Google demoed a few prototypes over the years but did not have a fixed date for
a launch. At the Google IO event in 2016, the company showcased a new prototype
of Project Ara called the Developer edition and announced that a consumer launch
of the device will happen in 2017. However, just a short while later, 2
September 2016, Google announced that the project had been discontinued to
streamline the company's hardware strategy -this throws 4 years of work on the
project down the drain.

HD DVD

Many of you will not have heard of HD DVD -it was an alternative, high-density
optical drive option that was released about the same time as Blu-Ray discs.
While the formats were announced in 2003, the industry was divided into two
groups: HD DVD vs Blu-Ray . Microsoft and Toshiba went with HD DVD and in 2006
the first HD DVD players and discs appeared for consumers.However, in 2008,
Warner Bros -who had the largest share of the DVD market announced, that they
would no longer support HD DVD. This was followed by Walmart -the largest DVD
retailer in the United States.Finally , NetFlix, which was one of the biggest
online video rental services, also revoked support for the HD DVD format which
essentially led to the victory of the Blu-Ray format in a short two years. One
big reason for the victory of Blu-Ray could be credited to Sony -they chose to
include Blu-Ray drives in the PlayStation 3 console which automatically resulted
in increasing the user base of the Blu-Ray format exponentially compared to HD
DVD.

MICROSOFT ZUNE

The iPod digital music player was a gamechanging device that brought Apple back
from bankruptcy . Microsoft wanted to replicate some of that success by
launching a digital music player of their own in 2006. While Apple sold over 100
million iPods in 2008, Microsoft manage to sell 2 million Zune players. Between
2006 to 2011, Microsoft launched four variants of the player but none of them
was able to make any dent on the market. In 2011 Microsoft officially announced
the discontinuation of the Zune device, thanks to what many described as a
spectacular failure against the Apple iPod and other portable music players.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              739 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            November 23, 2014 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Holiday tech shopping: Smartphones and tablets

BYLINE: Hayley Tsukayama

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. G04

LENGTH: 1384 words


iPhone 6

Get it:  If you must have the latest iPhone

Skip it:  If you're super happy with your current phone accessories

$650

Starts at $650; $200 with a two-year contract

What's there to say, really? The iPhone 6 is the latest flagship smartphone from
Apple and improves on the previous model in all the usual ways. It's lighter,
brighter and - for a twist - bigger than its predecessor. This phone has a
4.7-inch screen, a bit of a bump from the four-inch screen on the iPhone
5s.â[#x2c6][#x161]s is part of model name  It also has a faster processor and
new camera features that let you shoot in slow motion. New smartphone chips also
mean you can pay for things by tapping your iPhone against some card readers
(with fingerprint authentication, of course). There's also a nascent health data
program designed to help you track your fitness; that still needs some work.
Overall, the improvements make it well worth having to buy a new case for your
phone.

iPhone 6 Plus

Get it:  If you really love watching movies on your phone

Skip it:  If your pocket is your favorite place to keep your phone

$750

Starts at $750; $300 with a two-year contract

In this corner, weighing in at 5.5 inches is the iPhone 6 Plus, a godsend for
Apple fans who want to ditch their tablets. Apple's given the iPhone 6 Plus all
the bells and whistles it gave the 6 - payment chips, health data tracking and
faster performance - plus better battery life and software that makes shaky
phone videos look rock solid. The extra screen real estate also makes it great
for doing a little more serious work. For video watching and filming, the iPhone
6 Plus is wonderful. Still, it will stretch your pocket and your pocketbook.

Nexus 6

Get it:  If the screen is all that matters to you

Skip it:  If you want a big phone to shoot lots of video

$650

$250 with a two-year contract

The Nexus 6, the latest co-branded effort from Google and Motorola, is a monster
of a phone with a six-inch screen. It comes with the advantages of being as pure
a Google phone as you can get. It has Google's latest Android operating system,
Lollipop, and its layout has none of the annoying clutter that often plagues
other Android phones. This phone is powerful, has a gorgeous screen and is
seriously ready for all your video and work needs. It has some drawbacks as
well. While its screen is great for video, the phone doesn't have a great camera
to shoot with, especially as compared with others of its size and price. That's
not enough to mar an all-around great phone, but still worth considering.

HTC One M8

Get it:  If you want an all-around fantastic phone

Skip it:  If you want a status piece

$650

$200 with a two-year contract

The HTC One M8 is solid from stem to stern. Though a little heftier than other
phones of its size, this 4.7-inch-screened beauty boasts a nice body, a good
screen and strong performance. It also has front-facing speakers, which make it
easy to share music and videos without muffling the sound. Yet it doesn't have
standout features strong enough to lure dedicated iPhone or Samsung Galaxy users
into its fold. Even a nifty camera feature that lets users change the focus of a
picture after the snap doesn't lift it over the edge. Luckily, the HTC One M8
also has the unusual distinction of having both Android and Windows Phone
models, which gives users a little more flexibility than its rivals.

Lumia 635

Get it:  For a low-priced phone that's a good value

Skip it:  If you have to have the latest apps

$168

Free with a two-year contract

Microsoft doesn't get a lot of recognition for its phones, but the 4.5-inch
Lumia 635 is a standout in the field thanks to its relatively low price. Windows
Phone may not have a lot of converts, but for those who use a lot of Microsoft
products such as the Office suite, OneDrive or Skype, this phone offers a lot of
smart integration. It also has Cortana, Microsoft's answer to Siri, which works
a little more conversationally and smoothly than its Apple counterpart.
Microsoft suffers on the app front - the latest and greatest can take a while to
show up on its phones, if at all - but if you want a good phone at a low price,
give this one a whirl.

Galaxy Note 4

Get it:  If handwritten notes and scribbles are your thing

Skip it:  If you have a tablet

$750

$300 with a two-year contract

Another entrant in the phone-tablet hybrid world, the 5.7-inch Galaxy Note 4 is
looking not only to satisfy your need for both types of devices, but also to
supplant the old-fashioned notepad. It has a stylus to make doodles and quick
notes and an easy method for annotating. It's certainly not a device for
everyone - lots of people were happy to leave the stylus behind with the Palm
Pilot - but Samsung has smartly integrated some handwriting recognition and
other useful bits of software to make the extra accessory feel like more than an
afterthought. The new Galaxy Note, with its textured plastic case, feels a bit
cheaper than its competitors, but it packs just as much power and polish in its
software.

Droid Turbo

Get it:  If you want a super-powerful phone

Skip it:  If you're not on Verizon and don't want to be

$650

$200 with a two-year contract

Another Motorola phone, the Droid Turbo, is every bit as powerful as its name
suggests and scores high on marks for performance. The phone also has an
interesting, tightly woven fabric back, which makes it pleasant to hold. The
5.2-inch screen means that it, too, requires a little extra pocket room. In many
ways, the Droid Turbo is on par with its slimmer sibling, the Moto X, but edges
it out on power and battery life. The main drawback - or at least limiting
factor - of the Droid Turbo is that it's a Verizon exclusive. Sure, Verizon is
the nation's largest wireless carrier, but that still doesn't mean everyone's on
it; if you're thinking of gifting this phone, make sure your recipient is.

iPad Air 2

Get it:  For a top-of-the-line tablet

Skip it:  If you're not desperate for a tablet upgrade

$500

Just as it did for its phones, Apple applied the "thinner, lighter, faster"
method of upgrades to its super-thin iPad Air 2, which is thinner than a
standard pencil. The tablet also has a faster processor, Apple's TouchID
fingerprint scanner and a super-sharp screen. For all of its sleek beauty, the
iPad Air 2 doesn't surpass by leaps and bounds its predecessor, released just
last year. If you really want the fingerprint-reader technology -  something
parents in particular like for limiting screen time - then think about an
upgrade. Otherwise, while the iPad Air 2 is a great present to give to anyone
looking for a new tablet, it's not a must-have device.

Kindle Fire HD 7

Get it:  If you want a durable, high-quality tablet for less

Skip it:  If you want a full-fledged tablet

$140

For a tablet devoted to pure consumption, it's hard to beat the Kindle Fire
line. It's not exactly great for getting work done, but it does the trick if you
just want to sit back, unplug from work and take in some entertainment. Amazon
put this one through the wringer to make sure it can stand up to all of life's
daily tumbles - it has a kid-friendly version with squishy sides if you need
more cushioning - and produced a high-quality tablet for a low price. Of course,
that means the tablet is designed to keep you reading, watching and buying
things through Amazon - so buyer beware if you'd rather be on a different
platform. (Disclosure: Amazon chief executive Jeffrey P. Bezos is the owner of
The Washington Post.)

Surface Pro 3

Get it:  If you're looking for a tablet that can double as a laptop

Skip it:  If you want to use it more for play than work

$800

Microsoft's latest entry in the tablet market, the Surface Pro 3, has smoothed
out many of the growing pains that held it back in the past. The original
version felt too betwixt and between as it hovered between tablet and laptop;
the latest version is definitely a device on which you can do serious work. A
kickstand in back lets you angle the device any way you want, so you can work in
cramped airline seats or sit back and watch something with ease. The Surface Pro
3 is better for work than play, thanks to the apps that run best on it. But you
can't get any real work done without the $130  type cover (or keyboard), sold
separately, so figure that into the price.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              740 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Townsville Bulletin (Australia)

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday
                               Townsville Edition

Fanatics line up for their fix of new iPhone6

BYLINE: JANE ARMITSTEAD

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 277  words


THE scenes in Townsville phone stores weren't as manic as those down south, but
some desperate residents were still willing to queue for hours to be the first
owners of the iPhone 6.

Shoppers waited outside Stockland's Telstra Shop from 5.45am yesterday with
about 180 people lining up across five Telstra stores in Townsville to get their
hands on Apple's long-awaited products.

Stores sold out of the iPhone6 Plus early in the day with a dozen people put on
the waiting list, but as of yesterday afternoon there were still iPhone 6s in
stock.

Telstra North Queensland area general manager Rachael Cliffe said it was the
biggest iPhone launch they had seen in Townsville.

"The customer demand has been huge," she said.

"Our Willows store has been massive. We had up to 80 people lining up this
morning." Townsville resident Ben Vincent, 25, has purchased every iPhone on
launch day and yesterday was no exception.

The soil tester took the day off work to get the iPhone 6 Plus, his seventh
iPhone in six years."If I know I want something, I have to have it," he said.

"I waited about an hour for the store to open at 8am and was one of the first to
get the phone.

"I wanted to be there on opening day because if I missed out today, I would have
to wait another month for them to get more stock in." The iPhone 6 series, with
bigger screens, faster processors and improved cameras, has been touted as the
biggest shake-up of the iPhone in a few device generations.

Ms Cliffe said the 64GB silver iPhone 6 was the most popular product behind the
iPhone 6 Plus.

Mr Vincent said he was more than satisfied with the product. "It looks really
good and it is easy to use," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Townsville Bulletin


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              741 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Townsville Bulletin (Australia)

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday
                               Townsville Edition

Fanatics line up for their fix of new iPhone6

BYLINE: JANE ARMITSTEAD

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 277  words


THE scenes in Townsville phone stores weren't as manic as those down south, but
some desperate residents were still willing to queue for hours to be the first
owners of the iPhone 6.

Shoppers waited outside Stockland's Telstra Shop from 5.45am yesterday with
about 180 people lining up across five Telstra stores in Townsville to get their
hands on Apple's long-awaited products.

Stores sold out of the iPhone6 Plus early in the day with a dozen people put on
the waiting list, but as of yesterday afternoon there were still iPhone 6s in
stock.

Telstra North Queensland area general manager Rachael Cliffe said it was the
biggest iPhone launch they had seen in Townsville.

"The customer demand has been huge," she said.

"Our Willows store has been massive. We had up to 80 people lining up this
morning." Townsville resident Ben Vincent, 25, has purchased every iPhone on
launch day and yesterday was no exception.

The soil tester took the day off work to get the iPhone 6 Plus, his seventh
iPhone in six years."If I know I want something, I have to have it," he said.

"I waited about an hour for the store to open at 8am and was one of the first to
get the phone.

"I wanted to be there on opening day because if I missed out today, I would have
to wait another month for them to get more stock in." The iPhone 6 series, with
bigger screens, faster processors and improved cameras, has been touted as the
biggest shake-up of the iPhone in a few device generations.

Ms Cliffe said the 64GB silver iPhone 6 was the most popular product behind the
iPhone 6 Plus.

Mr Vincent said he was more than satisfied with the product. "It looks really
good and it is easy to use," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Townsville Bulletin


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              742 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   SME Times

                           October 18, 2014 Saturday

iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus now available in India

LENGTH: 134 words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 18 -- The much-awaited iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are here in
India for sale from Friday.

The phones were unveiled at Apple headquarters in Cupertino, US on Sep 9.

The 4.7-inch Apple iPhone 6 16GB is priced Rs.53,500, the 64GB at Rs.62,500 and
128GB at Rs.71,500. The 5.5-inch Apple iPhone 6 Plus 16 GB is priced at
Rs.62,500, 64GB at Rs.71,500 and 128GB at Rs.80,500.

Both the devices are available in silver, gold and space grey colour options.

Earlier the distributors and the retailers said the pre-orders were in excess of
25,000 pieces.

Apple has sold 1 million iPhones in India in the last fiscal.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from SME Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                         Copyright 2014 tradeindia.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              743 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday

Does India Need a New I Phone?

LENGTH: 880 words

DATELINE: BANGALORE


BANGALORE, Sept. 16 -- In a parody of the real iPhone 6 trailer, Bangalore-based
stand-up comedian, Kenneth Sebastian, posing as a representative from the design
wing of the company, gives us a funny picture of what the new iPhone will mean
to us. Hilarious as this video may be, it does leave one thinking. Does India
need a brand new iPhone?A week ago, when the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were
unveiled, Tim Cook mentioned that it was the biggest announcement in the history
of iPhone. Yes, Apple has indeed come a long way since the launch of the first
iPhone back in 2007, both in terms of the technology powering the phones and the
screen sizes. And in yet another giant leap for the brand, it also announced the
iWatch, the first smartwatch from the brand.

But the reactions that the products have evinced are not what the Cupertino
giant would be entirely pleased about. For one, many users on Twitter likened
the big-screen phone, iPhone 6 Plus, to phones from the company's bitter rival
Samsung, owing to its 5.5 inch design. The humongous screen size is what has
come under flak partly because of the striking aberration to what Steve Jobs
said, "No one is going to buy a big phone." The iWatch also faces some serious
competition from the likes of Pebble and Moto 360 and the tech crowd has not
minced words about their preferences, despite the fact that the iWatch allows
you to send a heartbeat to another person.

Then, most importantly, speculations are rife about the flagships' prices. The
company recently slashed the price of the 16 GB iPhone 5s to '44,500. So, it is
presumed the new phones will not be priced less than '50,000. A blogger, Tanmay
S, recently pointed out, "If Apple has slashed prices of the 5s to start from '
44,500 in India, you can very well expect the MRP of the 6 to be '53,500 and 6+
at '60,000."

Is it worth the price? Given the sardonic remarks and spoofs that the phones
have drawn, has Apple skimped on the features? Far from it, says the tech
community. The 4.7 inch iPhone 6 has significant improvements - it has a
DSLR-style camera that allows face detection; it is powered by the Apple A8 chip
which promises to be 25 per cent faster; and the battery life is touted to
support 14 hours of talk time and it has added support for calls over LTE and
WiFi. On the other hand, the much larger 6 Plus boasts of a 1,080p Retina HD
display and ultrathin backlight, and is sleeker than the iPhone 5S. It also has
the same 64-bit Apple A8 chip powering the iPhone 6 and offers 24 hours of talk
time.

Ahead of the launch of the phones in India on September 26, the response from
Apple consumers is polarised. Some who swear by the Apple brand name have second
thoughts about purchasing the phone. Anisha, who works at an MNC, was one of the
people to visit the Apple store in UB City when the iPhone 5s became available.
She recalls, "I have always had the iPhone and I was dying to get my hands on
the gold 5s. In fact, I waited for over a month till the gold phone was back in
stock. But this time I would prefer to wait for a few months before I buy the
new iPhone. The looks don't appeal to me." On the other hand, there is Ayush
Roy, a content writer, who has his eyes set on the iPhone 6 or 6 Plus. Why? He
responds, "I have owned an iPhone 4 for the past four years. Compared to all
other phones I see around me, I like this one. And I am very comfortable with
the brand."

Competition brands have been quick on the uptake. In a recently released ad
featuring the Note 4, Then and Now, Samsung takes a dig at Apple, indicating
that it was the Korean giant who has the first mover advantage in the phablet
category. The phone has also attracted its fair share of criticism from the
Android community, even as some arguments have been rubbished by the Apple fans
as baseless. One infographic that was posted on Twitter went on to show
comparisons between the features of new iPhone 6 and the Nexus 4, which was
launched two years ago, quipping, "If you need help with your iPhone's new
features, just ask an Android user. We've had this stuff for years."

But like always, Apple has managed to create tremendous buzz on social media and
elsewhere. And whether the new form factor will work in the company's favour,
whether we will see people make a beeline to Apple stores, whether the iWatch
will manage to set itself apart from the rest, only time will tell.

Funny Tweets from around the world

@TheGa3faar - "It's the official "let's all hate our cell phones and keep
regretting getting them, and start saving for the new iPhone" time of the year."

@TimBlotzFOX9 - "After years of avoidance, resistance was futile. Just ordered
#iphone6plus. Figure I can also use it as an emergency canoe paddle."

@MusicSoundArts - "Was gonna get an #iphone6plus but thought it's not big enough
or powerful enough to satisfy me. I need a phone that is also a hoverboard!"

@Chris_Kendall_ - "I better not wear the iWatch on my left hand or the NSA will
think I have a heart attack three times a day."

@DanishAzarul - Iphone 6? More like Iphone Sick of charging again..

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              744 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

Apple opts for HK over mainland for launch Apple chooses city over mainland;
Unlike a year ago, fans across the border will have to wait extra week for
latest iPhone

BYLINE: Bien Perez and Amy Nip

SECTION: NEWS; Local (Hong Kong News); Technology; Pg.3

LENGTH: 471 words


Apple will roll out its new smartphones in nine markets, including Hong Kong,
next week. But customers in mainland China will have to wait a week longer for
the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

The phones will cost from HK$5,588 and HK$6,388 respectively in the city when
they go on sale  on September 19.

Some analysts were surprised to see mainland China excluded in the first round
of sales, a stark contrast to the unprecedented simultaneous launch of the
iPhone 5C and iPhone 5S in Beijing and the United States a year ago.

Apple did not say why its biggest overseas market would have to wait an extra
week. There were suggestions the delay was linked to the leaking on Chinese
websites of  details of the phones, which are  made in mainland China.

Mobile phone traders in Sin Tat Plaza, Mong Kok, will offer as much as HK$13,088
for the most expensive model - the iPhone 6 Plus with 128-gigabyte memory - or a
premium of HK$5,000  over the official  price of HK$8,088.

The new iPhones unveiled on Tuesday come in gold, silver and grey and have 16GB,
64GB and 128GB capacity.

Traders expect brisk business in the first week of sales as a result of the
later mainland launch. The iPhones with  128GB capacity will see the biggest
difference between the official and resale prices, with the gold ones expected
to be most popular, says The First Digital shop.

The other eight markets chosen for the September 19 roll-out are the US, Canada,
Britain, France, Germany, Australia, Singapore and Japan.

Apple singled out HKT's CSL mobile unit, Hong Kong's largest wireless network
operator, SmarTone Telecommunications and Hutchison Telecommunications Hong
Kong, which runs the Three mobile network in the city, as among the first batch
of 4G operators ready to support the so-called high-quality voice call over
Long-Term Evolution (VoLTE) service for its updated smartphones.

Stephen Chau Kam-kun, chief technology officer at SmarTone, confirmed  that the
operator and Hutchison Telecom "have been qualified by Apple to support VoLTE on
the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus".

The city's mobile operators previously offered circuit switch-based voice calls
through existing 2G and 3G networks, but have been upgrading their networks with
VoLTE as they deployed high-speed 4G networks.

At their official launch in California, Apple chief executive Tim Cook touted
the new smartphones as "the biggest advancements in iPhone history".

Apple also announced the initial rollout of its own Apple Pay contactless mobile
payment system, which is only available in the US, and introduced the highly
anticipated Apple Watch, which will be available early next year  and be priced
from US$349.

Apart from having more powerful processors, improved cameras and the iOS 8
mobile operating system upgrade, both the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus support
Apple Pay.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:                  The Apple Watch, the company's first wearable device,
is launched to great fanfare on Tuesday. It features a flexible retina display.
Photo: EPA

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              745 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 572 words


Improvements

Apple's iPhone 6, Plus more durable this year

NEW YORK * Apple's new and bigger iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are more durable
than last year's model and a leading Android phone, a study says.

Apple's iPhone 6, whose screen measures 4.7 inches, did the best across a
variety of tests that measures how prone smartphones are to break due to
everyday accidents, says SquareTrade, a company that provides extended
protection plans.

The iPhone Plus 6, whose screen measures 5.5 inches, wasn't far behind but lost
points because it could slip out of a person's hand because some users may have
a hard time gripping its large but slim form, SquareTrade says.

The iPhone 5s, which measures four inches and came out last year, fared better
than Samsung's Galaxy S5, which measures 5.1 inches. The Samsung phone got poor
marks on several tests, including the slide test. The more a phone slides, the
greater its chance of falling off the edge of a table.

Still, all four of the smartphones tested had a medium risk of breakage and had
no drastic differences among them.

"The phones are getting more and more durable," says Ty Shay, chief marketing
officer at SquareTrade. "Manufacturers are paying more attention."

SquareTrade examines the phones based on eight factors, including size, weight,
grip, and the quality of the front and back panels. The company measured how far
the phones slide when pushed across a table on their backs and how well they
withstand drops from four feet and being dunked in water for 10 seconds.
SquareTrade says it uses robots to do the testing to ensure consistency.

Economy

Relative calm expected for financial markets

TORONTO * Financial markets can look forward to some relative calm this week,
with little in the way of key economic data expected in either Canada or the
United States.

However, traders will be watching the latest earnings report from smartphone
maker BlackBerry (TSX:BB) on Friday.

CEO John Chen was hired last year to reshape the troubled company, which has cut
costs and refocused its product and service offerings. It's expected to release
a smartphone dubbed the Classic and a new format device called the Passport by
the end of the month.

Meanwhile, this week will be a marked change from recent trading sessions, which
included unease over the independence referendum in Scotland in which Scots
voted to remain in the United Kingdom and the latest interest rate announcement
from the Federal Reserve in which the U.S. central bank took a stand-pat stance.

The volatile end to the week resulted in the TSX shedding 1.71 per cent, while
the Dow finished the week ahead 1.72 per cent.

"It's pretty quiet everywhere for news," said Colin Cieszynski, a market analyst
with CMCMarkets. "People will have a chance to catch their breath after the week
we just had."

Fuel

U.S. gas prices fall 9 cents a gallon in 2 weeks

CAMARILLO, Calif. * A national survey says the average price of a gallon of
regular gasoline has dropped another nine cents over the last two weeks, to
$3.37, bringing the decline to 34 cents over the last 13 weeks.

Industry analyst Trilby Lundberg said Sunday that falling crude oil prices drove
the declines, but the drop was also heavily impacted by a crash in prices of
ethanol and the fact that winter-grade gasoline costs less to produce. If crude
prices don't rise, the average prices at the pump may drop a few more cents.

Sources: The Associated Press, The Canadian Press

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Daily Gleaner
                              All Rights Reserved


                              746 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     January 28, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple posts record profit in Q1 2015: 5 Important things to know

BYLINE: Dailybhaskar.com

LENGTH: 765  words


For Apple the year 2015 has begun with good news of record profits. The company
organized the Q1 2015 financial year first quarter results conference call this
week, it which it announced record quarterly revenue of $74.6 billion and record
quarterly net profit of $18 billion.

The company posted a revenue of $51,182 million from the sale of iPhones which
is more than twice what it earned in Q4 2014.

The Steve Jobs company sold a stunning 74.5 million iPhones in its holiday
quarter, which is past analyst expectations of 69 million in sales. This helped
"drive the company to record profits of $18 billion", says WashingtonPost.

At the conference call, it also revealed the date of shipping for its first
wearable watch. The new wearable announced in September last year - the Apple
Watch - will start shipping in the month of April this year, said Apple.

We bring you 5 more things that were revealed in the Conference call.

1. Market position

This makes it move ahead from Microsoft and Google put together if we look at
their most recent earnings report says the report in WashingtonPost.

2. Chinese market, the helping hand

In Greater China, the margin has grown immensely. Here the sale was at $6,292
million in Q4 2014 and has grown to $16,144 million in Q1 2015. This was
somewhat expected since China is a new market for Apple. Towards the 2013 end,
Apple signed a deal with China Mobile to enter the Chinese market with iPhone 5S
and 5C. In 2014, the roll-out of 4G network in China seems to have helped Apple
a lot as the company noted good sales report in 2014 with iPhones. "China
Mobile's number of 4G subscribers rose from just 1.3 million at the end of
February to nearly 14 million in June," reported DailyTech  in July 2014.

In 2014 Apple did not delay the launch till December (like with iPhone 5S and
5C) and launched the new Iphone 6 and 6 Plus in October 2014 itself, with China
Mobile, China Telecom and China Unicom .

3. A comparison with sales in the last quarter

Compared to Q4 2014 the revenue increased to more than double in Q1 2015 as
Apple not only sold more iPhones, but more iPads were sold too. The sale of
Macintosh computers was almost unaffected.

Have a look at this table:


Product     Q1          Q1            Q4          Q4
            2015Units   2015Revenue   2014Units   2014Revenue
Apple       74,468      51,182        39,272      23,678
iPhone
Apple iPad  21,419      8,985         12,316      5,316
Apple iMac  5,519       6,944         5,520       6,625

(Note: Units in thousands, Revenue in millions; Q1 2015 Unaudited Summary Data)

4. What's the reason for this huge sale?

The sale of Iphone 6 and 6 Plus is the reasons why Apple registered huge
success. Apple went on to bigger display in 6 and 6 Plus and adopted 4.7 inch
and 5.5 inch instead of 4 inch which came in iPhone 5S and 5C. The company also
launched a new design profile with the iPhone 6 and 6 plus ditching the sharp
edge iPhone in favor of rounded corners and smooth-round-edged design.

Launch of Apple Pay with three major transaction gateways - Visa, American
Express and Mastercard is another factor that led to huge sales of bigger
iPhones in US too. Calling Apple Pay as a very strong start for Apple, Tim Cook
at the Conference call said this service "has accounted for two of every three
dollars spent through contactless payments on Visa, Mastercard, and American
Express," reports MacRumours.

"More devices with Apple Pay capabilities leads to greater retailer and merchant
interest, which in turn prompts more consumer satisfaction (more places it
works) and so on," Comments TechCrunch.

4. Launch date of the Watch

According to a news report from Mashable, Apple CEO, Tim Cook during a
conference call with analysts, has revealed that the Apple Watch will ship in
April.

Lance Ulanoff, Chief Correspondent and Editor-at-Large at Mashable, tweeted "Tim
Cook: Development of Apple Watch is right on schedule and we expect to begin
shipping in April" during Apple's earnings call this week.

The watch was earlier rumoured to be coming to stores in early 2015, that is in
March 2015. According to a news report in early January, the Cupertino giant was
planning to organize extensive testing program with a new product (expected to
be the Watch) for store representatives between February 9th and February 16th.

5. Did Apple increase its donations?

Apple donated a record-shattering $20 million this quarter, and with this the
company has donated over $100 million since partnering with (RED). Note that
during the holiday season App Store customers helped make history with their
support of Apps for (RED), a special initiative on the store with exclusive
content where all proceeds went to the Global Fund to fight AIDS.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              747 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Magid: iPhone 6 and 6 Plus offer calls via Wi-Fi

BYLINE: By Larry Magid for the Mercury News

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; Personal Technology; News; Business; High-Tech;
Columnists; Opinion; Science and Tech; Columnists

LENGTH: 830 words


Of all the features of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, the one that's the most
important -- in some locations -- is its ability to make calls via Wi-Fi. That's
because no carrier has 100 percent cellphone coverage and there will always be
dead spots that require a "plan B" for those who need to make or receive calls
or text messages when they don't have cellular coverage.

It's also handy when you're out of the country because it means you can make and
receive calls and texts for free on your regular phone number as long as you
have a Wi-Fi connection. That sure beats paying roaming charges as high as $3 to
$5 a minute in some countries or going through the hassle of buying and
installing a local SIM card and requiring callers to dial a new overseas number
instead of your regular number.

Another advantage to Wi-Fi calling is that -- with most carriers -- it doesn't
count against your number of minutes or text messages since you're not using the
carrier's network to make the calls or send texts. There is also no data limit
as has always been the case when connecting a phone to a Wi-Fi data network.

My adult son and his girlfriend both have T-Mobile accounts and when they visit
us in Palo Alto, they wind up using our house phone to make and receive calls
because our house has spotty T-Mobile coverage. The only good thing is that we
get more of their attention because, even if they wanted to, they couldn't
reliably text during dinner.

But that's about to change. T-Mobile set me up with a test account that I've
been using with an iPhone 6 Plus and an LG Flex and, thanks to Wi-Fi calling,
I'm getting great voice and texting service not only where I live, but whenever
I'm in range of a Wi-Fi network. For example, I was in a building on Facebook's
Menlo Park campus last week where T-Mobile coverage happens to be a bit weak,
but that didn't bother me once I logged onto the company's guest network.

T-Mobile has long offered Wi-Fi calling, but last week it rolled out its next
generation service that, among other things, takes advantage of Voice over LTE
(VoLTE) to seamlessly handoff calls between Wi-Fi and its high-speed LTE data
network that is now also able to handle voice traffic.

Unlike using Skype or other voice over Internet apps on your phone,
carrier-supported Wi-Fi calling enables people to reach you via your regular
number and, when you make an outgoing call or text, they see your number appear
on their screen. You make the call using the same dialer you use for cellular
calls. It's as if the carrier put a cell tower in your house.

Right now T-Mobile and Sprint are the only carriers to offer Wi-Fi calling
across their entire network, but AT&T and Verizon are in the process of rolling
it out over the next year or so.

Wi-Fi calling doesn't work with all phones, even if the phone is able to access
other data services (like the Web, email and connected apps) via Wi-Fi, though
T-Mobile says that all phones sold in its stores from here on will be Wi-Fi
calling compatible.

Sprint currently supports 18 phones, including the Samsung Galaxy S5 and the
soon- to-be-released Galaxy Note, but not the iPhone 6 or any other iPhone.

There are also different flavors of Wi-Fi calling. Some phones support Wi-Fi
calling, but don't support VoLTE. Other phones, including the Samsung Galaxy S5
and the LG Flex, support both Wi-Fi calling and VoLTE, but aren't able to hand
off a call between Wi-Fi and LTE, which means that if you are on the phone at
home and leave the house, the call will drop as soon as you lose your Wi-Fi
signal.

Still, they do work as long as you stay within your Wi-Fi network as I
experienced with the LG Flex that T-Mobile loaned me.

And then there are phones, like the iPhone 6, that support Evolved Packet Data
Gateway (ePDG), which, among other things, allows for the seamless handoff
between Wi-Fi and LTE.

I tested a T-Mobile iPhone 6 Wi-Fi to LTE handoff with an iPhone 6 Plus on my
home Wi-Fi network and at a local coffee shop and, in both cases, I was able to
establish a call from the Wi-Fi network and keep the conversation going over the
T- Mobile LTE cellular network as soon as I left the building.

The service works with any Wi-Fi router, but T-Mobile is offering its customers
use of a free "Personal CellSpot" router (built by Asus) that prioritizes voice
calls over other traffic so if someone is streaming a movie on your network, it
won't interfere with call quality. The router also has a particularly strong
Wi-Fi signal, which, unlike the router it replaced, is able to broadcast a
signal to all parts of my relatively large two-story house.

While Wi-Fi calling solves the problem of not being able to use a phone in a
dead spot where you have access to Wi-Fi, it's of no use while you're on the
move so it's still important to pick a carrier with good coverage in the places
you're likely to use your phone.

Contact Larry Magid at larry@larrymagid.com Listen for his technology chats on
KCBS-AM (740) weekdays at 3:50 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: OREM, UT - SEPTEMBER 18: Apple's iPhone 6 (R) and iPhone 6 Plus (L)
phones are shown together at a Verizon store in Orem, Utah on September 18, 2014
in Orem, Utah. Apples new iPhone 6's go on sale tomorrow September 20, 2014.
(Photo by George Frey/Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              748 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            October 28, 2014 Tuesday

American Express announces availability in Apple Pay

LENGTH: 198  words

DATELINE: New York


American Express today announces availability in Apple Pay[TM], the easy, safe
and private way to pay with iPhone® 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad® Air 2 and iPad mini
3. Apple Pay will be available for eligible U.S. Consumer and OPEN American
Express® Card Members.


Apple Pay allows American Express Card Members to seamlessly add their eligible
Card and pay with their mobile device at contactless merchants in stores or
directly within participating apps that accept American Express. When paying
with Apple Pay, Card Members will continue to receive all of the protection,
service and benefits offered by American Express. After downloading iOS 8.1,
Card Members can go to the Apple® Passbook app to get started. If a Card Member
already has an eligible American Express Card on file with iTunes, they only
need to type in the Security Code - or they can simply choose to add a new
American Express Card.
Apple Pay will begin rollout in the U.S. starting Monday, October 20, 2014, with
iOS 8.1. Apple Pay works in stores with iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Apple Pay is
also available to pay for physical goods and services in participating apps with
iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air 2 and iPad mini 3.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              749 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday

iPhone 6S, 6S Plus to hit Indian shores on Oct 16

LENGTH: 289  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 29 -- Iconic tech giant Apple will unveil its latest iPhone 6S
and iPhone 6S Plus in India on October 16.
 This will be the fastest iPhone rollout ever for the Indian market, coming less
than a month after the latest models became available globally.


 The availability of the new devices, that compete with the likes of Samsung's
Galaxy Note5 and Galaxy S6 Edge+, will enable the US-based firm to cash in on
the upcoming festive season.
 While the company announced the date of launch in India on its website, it did
not disclose the pricing for the Indian market.
 The company has sold over 13 million units of the new iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S
Plus on the first three days of their availability, breaking its record of 10
million units sold last year by iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.
 Apple made the new iPhone models available for sale on September 25 across the
US, the UK, Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New
Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore.
 The US-based tech giant is seeking to build on the success of large-screen
handsets introduced last year that have dominated the high-end smartphone
market.
 The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus have the same overall dimensions as the previous
versions, but with new technologies under the hood.
 One of the key new features is called "3D touch," which responds to pressure
exerted on the screen to allow users to look inside messages and applications.
 The 6S has the 4.7-inch (about 12-centimeter) display of its predecessor and
the 6S Plus - which updates one of the more popular handsets in the "phablet
category" - has the same 5.5-inch screen.
 But the devices have more powerful processors that allow for improved graphics,
harder glass and a new aluminum body.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              750 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                           September 28, 2014 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Apple suffers a nasty case of the bends on new iPhone

SECTION: DRIVING;FEATURES; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 709 words


Apple fans have leapt to the defence of their gadgets in the wake of reports
that a new iPhone suffers from a serious design flaw that means it bends under
the strain of being carried in users' pockets. Websites that review Apple
products have been quick to post images of competitors' phones showing that they
also suffer warping, while users have dismissed the critics as "conspiracists".

According to one site, Cult of Mac, the fact that the iPhone 6 Plus, the larger
of the two new models, bends when the frame is put under strain is nothing new:
"Some are deeming the new iPhones 'more fragile than expected', but the truth is
we've seen this problem almost every year," it reported last week. It posted
pictures of phones from rival brands, including the Sony Xperia Z1, the Nokia
Lumia 925 and the Samsung Galaxy S4, all apparently bent.

The claims have led to an online "bend-off" between rival camps. Unbox Therapy
posted a video of the iPhone 6 Plus being bent, then compared it with a Galaxy
Note 3 being put under the same pressure without similar warping.

Others questioned whether photos of the iPhone being circulated online were
genuine, or if they were really the result of everyday use - rather than a
concerted effort to bend the phone. One site suggested hipsters in tight
trousers were the problem. It put the phone through a "skinny jeans" test to see
if it would bend under the strain of being wedged in a tight pocket as well as
subjecting it to a 10-squat test. None of these situations managed to bend the
phone, it reported.

Apple has so far limited its response to criticism of the phone, saying it had
received nine complaints in the first six days. "With normal use a bend in
iPhone is extremely rare," the company said.

Bendgate, as the affair has inevitably been dubbed, has threatened to take the
shine off Apple's multimillion-pound launch of two new handsets - the iPhone 6
and 6 Plus. Both were hailed as triumphs when they were unveiled this month at
its HQ in Cupertino, California. Early reviews were overwhelmingly positive:
Stephen Fry, the writer and Apple aficionado, declared that the new phone was a
triumph : "I believe them to be the best and most beautiful mobile telecom
technology ever yet produced. So sue me if I'm proved wrong."

It follows a potentially more serious software fault experienced by some iPhone
users last week. Apple was forced to withdraw an update to its new operating
system, iOS 8, after it cut off the mobile network connection - in effect
turning the handset into a glorified iPod Touch. The error occurred on Wednesday
morning, when Apple released an update intended to address bugs in the first
release of iOS 8, installed on both new models and available free for most older
Apple devices. It withdrew the update after a few hours as error reports came in
and has released a software patch that should fix any crippled handset.

The two problems resulted in £12bn being wiped off the value of the company's
shares and drew criticism of Tim Cook's stewardship of Apple, with pundits
saying this wouldn't have happened during the reign of the late Steve Jobs. But
Jobs presided over an iPhone furore of his own in 2010, dubbed Antennagate, when
the radio receivers built into early models of the iPhone 4 could result in the
loss of mobile reception should the phone be gripped in a certain way. Jobs
famously told users they were holding it in the wrong way- but the company later
changed the antenna design and offered free cases that corrected the fault.

Hardware gripes and software glitches are by no means unique to Apple, of
course, but these are unusual missteps by a company that has grown to be one of
the most profitable in the world by offering a level of service and design
perceived to be a cut above that of its rivals. It has led to pundits claiming
we have passed "peak Apple" - the time when the company was at its zenith.
Punters, though, appear not to have read these reports. Even as Apple's troubles
piled up, it sold an estimated 3m iPhone 6 and 6 Plus handsets, on top of the
record 10m sales in its first weekend.

If you are having problems with iOS 8, download the latest patch by opening the
Settings app, opening the General sub-menu and tapping Software Update

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Review websites posted photos of bent smartphones made by Apple and its
rivals: from top, the iPhone 6 Plus, the Sony Xperia Z1, the Nokia Lumia 925 and
the HTC EvoLewis Hilsenteger/Unbox Therapy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2014 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              751 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                           September 19, 2016 Monday

Apple 'Hissing-gate': iPhone 7 & 7 Plus handsets making strange sounds;
Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus owners have reported that the devices a strange
hissing sound problem. The hissing sound is generally found in electronic
devices when there are a few new parts like chips, which are not well
connected.-- Delivered by Feed43 s...

BYLINE: FE Online

LENGTH: 366  words


Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus owners have reported that the devices a strange
hissing sound problem. The hissing sound is generally found in electronic
devices when there are a few new parts like chips, which are not well connected.
This sound was first reported by American podcaster Stephen Hackett, who noticed
the hiss when the smartphone was used heavily for a long time. Hackett took to
Twitter and wrote, "My iPhone 7 Plus makes terrible noises when under load."
Along with the tweet, he added a YouTube link, which had a recording of the
sound. After Hackett's tweet, a lot of users of the new iPhone 7 have come out
and acknowledged it and confirmed that they were facing the same problem in
their devices.

Darrell Etherington, a journalist who was a former PR with Apple also tweeted
that he heard the sound in his iPhone 7 Plus while setting it up. Apparently,
the hissing sound from the iPhone 7 comes because of a high-power processor
which when under heavy load produces what is called as 'coil noise'. It has been
learnt that the new A10 Fusion processor might be the reason since the sound
only comes when large programs are being processed. The new processor which is
said to be twice as fast as the one in iPhone 6, also has 'efficiency cores to
save battery. There are no fans in there, yet the sound seems like the whirring
of a fan, in other devices like laptops.

In reply to Hackett's tweet, Apple's customer care team suggested him to go to
an Apple store and get it replaced. Although there is a shortage of devices,
reportedly, others should also go to the store if such an issue comes to the
fore. After the bend-gate issue in iPhone 6 in the year 2014, this hissing-gate
is another controversy that Apple has found itself in. Though many claimed that
the hissing sound is not exclusive to Apple only. Many devices with
high-intensity processors also tend to make the sound.

Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus launch in India on October 7. While the iPhone
7 price starts at Rs 60,000 for the 32GB variant, it is Rs 70,000 for the 128GB
variant and Rs 80,000 for 256GB. The iPhone 7 Plus will be priced at Rs 72,000
for 32GB, Rs 82,000 for 128GB and Rs 92,000 for the 256GB variant.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              752 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                           November 5, 2014 Wednesday

My sexy 6 is finally here

BYLINE: Graham K. Rogers

LENGTH: 744  words


For several days late last month, there was a tantalising page on the Apple
Online Store for Thailand. Users could select the iPhone 6 model and colour of
their choice, as well as the capacity, but the "buy" button was stubbornly
greyed out. Until Friday.

Alternative slow WiFi router.

I had not been sure which model I wanted: the 4.7inch model or the iPhone 6 Plus
with its 5.5inch screen. I weighed up my options and thought about how I use the
iPhone. Most of the time, I carry it in the pocket of my trousers, although
sometimes (when I am on the BTS or in a taxi) I use the top pocket of my shirt.
The 5.5inch model might be a squeeze.

While battery life has been improved for both models, the iPhone Plus wins with
its larger capacity. There is also the feature of optical image stabilisation
that is only available on the iPhone 6 Plus.

I had intended to wait until I could handle both models, but when a marketing
email arrived from Apple on Friday morning, the temptation was too great. A
priority was space. As my 64GB iPhone 5s now has only 10% free, the 128GB iPhone
6 was my choice. My budget would not stretch that extra few thousand baht needed
for the iPhone 6 Plus with 128GB.

As it turns out, my decision was probably right as I was able to handle both
models on Saturday. The larger iPhone 6 Plus did not feel comfortable in my
hands or against my face.

This is not a matter of slavishly buying everything that Apple puts out as some
would want you to believe. The large number of firsttime buyers should now put
that absurd idea to rest. The iPhone is one component in my personal network  an
integration of devices that other manufacturers can only dream about.

As well as its A8 processor, these new iPhones belatedly fill a gap in the
networking capabilities with their new WiFi features (IEEE 802.11ac). New Macs
have been able to use such faster networks for a year or more; and I already
have the Airport Extreme router that transmits at these speeds. This will make
my home system faster with data transfers and synchronisation.

All I need now is for an update to Apple TV to bring that in line too. The
current Apple TV uses the slower 802.11n (up to 600 Mbs) standard, although that
is usually fast enough for me to view movies running on the iPhone or the Mac on
my television. That would not be the case if I were stuck with the router that
the internet service provider (ISP) gave me: the wifi for that is a creaky
802.11g (54Mbs).

The Apple router is also better as the firewall ports used for synchronisation
of iOS devices are not open on the router from the ISP. It was clear from my
phone calls to technicians that they did not understand what these were and
wanted to solve the problem (the problem they did not understand) by remotely
logging into my computer, which I firmly but politely declined. I solved this in
under a minute by connecting my old Apple router (now updated), which also gave
me faster home WiFi as a bonus.

With OS X 10.10, Yosemite, for a larger display of the information about any
networks a Mac can see, press the Option key and click on the WiFi icon in the
menu bar. If that icon is not in the menu bar, it can be added by using a
checkbox in System Preferences. That Option key is useful with other menu bar
icons: Bluetooth, Time Machine (when the menu is already open), Sound (speaker)
and Power Source.

On Saturday, at Central Pinklao, there were several people waiting for the
iPhones they had ordered. By early afternoon, they were sold out. Inside the
iStudio several cases were being offered.

I was watching Bloomberg TV during the week and one of their experts opined that
the iPhone was an "unfinished product" because a case was needed. I never use
these as I think it limits the device, particularly when the screen is covered.
The only protection I ever use is an old iPod sock and Apple have stopped making
these now.

While he omitted to mention the other handset makers whose customers also buy
cases, Apple has always left this particular door open to accessory makers,
particularly as this means the users have a wider range of options: from Hello
Kitty to the OtterBox Defender.

A few minutes after placing the online order for my iPhone, I received an SMS
and email to show that the order was being processed. Late on Saturday, an SMS
from Apple, followed by email, told me the item had been shipped and would be in
my eager little hands by Friday.

If anyone has an iPod sock, I would be grateful.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              753 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                   City A.M.

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Apple lifts the lid on its Watch and iPhone 6

BYLINE: OLIVER SMITH

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 334 words


APPLE last night unveiled a new smartwatch, two larger iPhones and a mobile
payments service, as chief executive Tim Cook set a bold new direction for the
technology giant taking it into a host of new markets. At an event in San
Francisco, the company took the wraps off a larger, 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and
5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus, which bring even higher quality screens and better
cameras to Apple's hit smartphone range.

But the star of the show was a long-rumoured wearable device called Apple Watch
that lets users send and receive messages, answer calls to an iPhone and much
more.

Cook described the smartwatch, to be launched in early 2015, as being part of
"the next chapter in Apple's story... It's the most personal device we've ever
made," he added.

Topping off the event, Apple entered the mobile payments space with Apple Pay,
launching in the US this year.

It allows iPhone 6 and Apple Watch users to ditch bank cards in favour of
contactless payments using just their Apple device in shops. Apple Pay works
with the American Express, MasterCard and Visa platforms issued by the most
popular US banks, including Bank of America, Chase and Citi. "Everyone wins,"
said JPMORGAN Chase chairman and chief executive Jamie Dimon, adding that the
system would be more secure than tradit-ional card payments due to Apple's use
of fingerprints to authorise the payments.

APPLE WATCH ? Apple's smartwatch will go on sale in "early 2015", starting at
$349 (£216) and will come in two different sizes. It will also feature a host of
different watch straps. As well as replying to text messages and pulling up maps
on the go, the Watch will be open for developers to build a variety of apps.

IPHONE 6 ? The 4.7-inch iPhone 6, and its larger brother the 5.5-inch iPhone 6
Plus, are available to pre-order this Friday and go on sale next Friday on EE,
Three, O2 and Vodafone. The iPhone 6 starts at £539 off-contract while the
iPhone 6 Plus starts at £619. Both devices will likely be cheaper when bought
on-contract.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple chief executive Tim Cook called Apple Watch "the most personal
device we've ever made"

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CAM


                            Copyright 2014 City A.M.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              754 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                           October 11, 2014 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

iPhone 6 Plus leaves phones for dust

BYLINE: The Canberra Times

SECTION: A; Pg. B004

LENGTH: 652  words


iPhone 6 Plus leaves phones for dust 'Frankly I can't see how you would bend the
phone without deliberately setting out to do so.'

The iPhone 6 Plus.

H aving lived with the iPhone 6 Plus for a couple of weeks, I've concluded that
it is not really a phone. At least, that's not where its strengths truly lie.

My first impressions of the 6 Plus were connected to its size. It feels big in
the hand and yet doesn't. The weight (172 grams) is light enough to be hardly
noticeable. It's also remarkably thin. Indeed, the smooth edges and slim body
make you feel that it may slip out of your hands, but that quickly passes.

The build quality of the phone adds to the satisfaction in using it. You spend a
lot of time swiping left or right, so the curved edges makes this a more
satisfying tactile experience, an effect that is slightly lessened if you add a
case.

It's worth mentioning here the scaremongering that was "bendgate" (or #bendgate
on Twitter). I've taken the phone on the bus, in the car, shoved it down the
front pocket of my jeans and had it briefly under a pile of heavy books. Frankly
I can't see how you would bend the phone without deliberately setting out to do
so. As Consumer Reports in the US recently noted, bending takes as much force as
it takes to break three pencils - you have to work at it. Why would you subject
this expensive price of hardware to such treatment?

But it's not the iPhone's body I find most attractive The screen real estate
feels generous. I did wonder momentarily how I was going to fill all that
screen, or navigate around it.

Once you master double tapping (not clicking) the home button, everything is
quickly within reach. But it's in landscape mode that the 6 Plus really makes
the most of that big screen.

Mail is vastly improved with an inbox on the left and preview on the right. It
is easy to scan emails or swipe to delete, flag or access other options.

Messages are easy to handle too, scrolling through contacts on the left and
messages on the right.

In landscape mode even the home screen shifts around to place the dock down one
side so it's easy to tap. And other apps like Numbers or Pages are greatly
improved by an extended keyboard, and the ability to add other third-party
keyboards. I wrote half of this column in Pages on the iPhone while waiting for
various buses. A few apps I use regularly, like Facebook and Twitter, have some
ground to make up to use the screen to its fullest.

Generally all the functions of the phone are quick and responsive, especially
web pages and viewing images or video. Having succumbed to a spring cold last
week I spent a few days in bed watching television on the iPhone 6 Plus. The
screen is bright and detailed enough to make this enjoyable.

Apple have improved the camera, and there are some nice new features here. These
include the time lapse setting which turns even a trip to the supermarket into a
fun (if slightly obscure) nature documentary. The HD slow-motion video has also
become a family favourite.

When the iPad first came out I was one of those at first unconvinced that it
would find a place among my everyday technology. My objections were more about
purpose than the device itself. I don't think that feeling ever really left me
until the iPad Air was released, which seemed to hit the sweet spot between
being light enough and powerful enough to be truly useful. By the time the Air
arrived so much more could be done on a relatively small screen with a touch
interface. This development was made possible by the intimate meshing of form
and function by Apple, and the huge growth in useful apps.

In contrast the iPhone 6 Plus feels like something much more fully formed from
the outset - immediately a highly refined device. Yes, I felt far too
conspicuous every time I held the phone to my ear to make a call. But as I said
at the outset, being a phone is not really what this device is about.

gamblecr@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


       Copyright 2014 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              755 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                               September 25, 2014

Latest iPhone models seized by HK Customs

LENGTH: 175  words


Hong Kong Customs said on Thursday that more than 200 new smartphones, including
the latest model of iPhone 6 Plus, were seized with a total value of about 1
million HK dollars (about $129,032).

HONG KONG - Hong Kong Customs said on Thursday that more than 200 new
smartphones, including the latest model of iPhone 6 Plus, were seized with a
total value of about 1 million HK dollars (about $129,032).

iPhone 6 smuggling bid busted Customs officers intercepted an outgoing 7-seat
private car at Shenzhen Bay Control Point on Wednesday. Upon inspection, a total
of 238 smartphones, including 175 models of iPhone 5s, 60 iPhone 5 and three
iPhone 6 Plus, were found being concealed under the driver's seat and inside the
dashboard of the vehicle.

The 40-year-old driver was arrested and put on bail pending investigation. The
car was seized for further examination.

Under the Import and Export Ordinance, the maximum penalty for attempting to
export unmanifested cargo is a fine of 2 million HK dollars and seven years in
prison. (1 US dollar = 7.75 HK dollars)

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              756 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Latest iPhone models seized by HK Customs

LENGTH: 175  words


Hong Kong Customs said on Thursday that more than 200 new smartphones, including
the latest model of iPhone 6 Plus, were seized with a total value of about 1
million HK dollars (about $129,032).

HONG KONG - Hong Kong Customs said on Thursday that more than 200 new
smartphones, including the latest model of iPhone 6 Plus, were seized with a
total value of about 1 million HK dollars (about $129,032).

iPhone 6 smuggling bid busted Customs officers intercepted an outgoing 7-seat
private car at Shenzhen Bay Control Point on Wednesday. Upon inspection, a total
of 238 smartphones, including 175 models of iPhone 5s, 60 iPhone 5 and three
iPhone 6 Plus, were found being concealed under the driver's seat and inside the
dashboard of the vehicle.

The 40-year-old driver was arrested and put on bail pending investigation. The
car was seized for further examination.

Under the Import and Export Ordinance, the maximum penalty for attempting to
export unmanifested cargo is a fine of 2 million HK dollars and seven years in
prison. (1 US dollar = 7.75 HK dollars)

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              757 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                      March 12, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

KeyBank Expands Digital Banking with Apple Pay

LENGTH: 381  words


March 12 -- Starting March 17, KeyBank customers will be able to use Apple Pay
to make simple and secure payments at more than 700,000 businesses across the
United States and select iOS apps.

"We're thrilled to add Apple Pay to the fast-growing range of digital banking
services we offer banking customers," said Matthew D. Lehman, senior vice
president and head of digital banking.

Using their iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus mobile devices running iOS 8.1 or later,
KeyBank customers can use Apple Pay, a mobile payments solution, to  complete
credit or debit card transactions without revealing their card information.
Completing a transaction is easy; customers simply hold their iPhone 6 or iPhone
6 Plus near a contactless reader with their finger on the Touch ID fingerprint
sensor.

KeyBank customers can also make in-app purchases with either the iPhone 6,
iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air 2 or iPad mini 3 mobile devices. Visit Key.com for more
information about KeyBank's commitment to offering secure, easy-to-use digital
banking services.

KeyBank places a high priority on helping to protect clients' financial assets
and personal identification. Stringent security measures are in play from the
time a client adds their KeyBank credit and debit cards to their Passbook to
using Apple Pay to make transactions, either with a merchant or online.

"We use a detailed identity and verification protocol whenever we observe
factors that might indicate attempted fraud when KeyBank cards are being added
to Apple Pay," Lehman said.

He said adding Apple Pay to KeyBank's digital banking program is part of a
customer-focused plan that redefines the entire user experience across all
digital platforms to give KeyBank customers the access and control they want.

"We have an ongoing commitment to identifying digital banking solutions, such as
Apple Pay, that put our customers in control," Lehman said. "We are committed to
helping our customers feel confident in the decisions they make about their
finances today and decisions they make for their financial future."

Lehman added that KeyBank has seen double-digit year-over-year growth in mobile
and in online acquisition.

"It's exciting to see our customers' enthusiastic response each time we
introduce a new digital capability," he said.

Source: KeyBank

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              758 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           September 29, 2014 Monday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Now, Online Bent may Hurt Rollout of iPhone 6 in India

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 812 words


Some mobile phone retailers have threatened to boycott Apple's much-awaited
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models after their expected pre-Diwali launch because they
are miffed that the iPhone 5S is being offered at heavily discounted prices on
popular e-commerce sites Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal.

According to sellers that ET spoke to, some of the 1.5 lakh retailers claimed
they have returned their iPhone 5S models, saying they can't compete with the
discounts, which have lowered the price of the device to less than their cost.
"All over India, there is a huge uproar and heartburn among retailers against
online sellers since their business and reputation is being lost," said Subhash
Chandra, managing director of retail store chain Sangeetha Mobiles, adding that
offline sellers were adversely affected as customers were increasingly going
online.

A top executive at another retailer told ET that if things stay as they are, he
would neither display nor sell the Apple iPhone 6 or 6 Plus.

Apple products are distributed in India by Redington and Ingram Micro.ET could
not independently confirm whether retailers had returned iPhone 5S models. Apple
didn't respond to e-mailed queries seeking comment. An executive close to
dealings at Apple India said the company

hasn't authorised marketplaces such as Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal to sell
iPhones in India. Infibeam is the sole authorised online seller for iPhones
while Flipkart is authorised to sell iPads and iPods.

The emergence of online retailing and its pricing benefits and the rift created
with traditional sales channels exists in other global markets as well.In India,
where the online retail growth story has only just begun, about 12-14% of mobile
phone sales are being diverted from offline retailers on a monthly basis,
according to research firm Convergence Catalyst. This will only increase as
internet penetration spreads and e-commerce grows.

"There is unrest among retailers, as even brands are supporting online," said
Satish Babu, founder of retail store chain UniverCell Mobiles.

Titu Tanwani, one of the largest distributors of mobile phones in Jaipur, told
ET that many retailers had decided to stop selling iPhones as they were

facing massive flak from consumers who are able to buy the devices online at
much lower prices.

"The price difference is as high as .

`11,000 on some models. Apple is liquidating stocks of the older models," he
said, alleging that the company was doing so in anticipation of the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus launch expected next month. He added that state trade
associations, such as that of Rajasthan, were protesting against the brands.

E-commerce sites show that the 16 GB iPhone 5S, the highest-selling model for
the company in India this year, on offer at between .

`34,000 and .

`36,000, as much as 36% less than the original retail price of .

`53,500. The 16 GB iPhone 5S is available on Amazon for .

`33,999.

Tanwani added that retailers were also rallying against local handset makers.
The retailers are threatening to boycott Micromax, Spice and Karbonn, which have
launched devices backed by Google's Android One platform exclusively online.
Google has partnered

with Micromax, Karbonn and Spice to sell Android One smartphones priced between
.

`6,299 and .

`6,499, exclusively on the three e-commerce sites. Spice didn't respond to ET's
queries at the time of writing.

"To ensure convenient access to our devices, our distribution strategy is a
judicious mix of both traditional and new-age sales channels. Retailers continue
to be the lynchpin of our distribution nexus and we would continue to expand our
retail network in the future," Karbonn said in a statement.

A Micromax company spokesperson said all distribution channels will coexist but
consumers should have the choice to buy from any platform they choose. "India is
a huge market and, hence, different channels are developing to serve the various
consumer segments. As part of our tactical promotions, we might choose a partner
for a particular activity but our strategic intent is a balanced approach
towards all sales channels." A senior executive from a large-format retail chain
told ET that he had returned his Apple phones to distributors in protest, adding
that they cannot compete with prices offered online. "We will be talking to the
brands individually, but I won't hesitate to boycott a brand if I am being
treated unfairly." Several large-format retailers, including UniverCell,
Sangeetha Mobiles, The Mobile Store and Spice's Hot Spot, have created an
informal association that is trying to sort out the situation and will be
speaking to consumers and the government on the matter, which they say threatens
their survival.

However, the existence of e-commerce stores and competition from them are a
reality that none of the retailers can ignore, said The Mobile Store's chief
executive Himanshu Chakravarti.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              759 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                           September 25, 2015 Friday

New iPhone hits stores;
New iPhone hits...

LENGTH: 591 words



HIGHLIGHT: The new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus hit stores on Friday, with dozens of
people - and a robot - queueing in Sydney to kick off a global sales cycle that
will be scrutinized for signs of how much juice Apple Inc's marquee product has
left.


The new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus hit stores on Friday, with dozens of people - and
a robot - queueing in Sydney to kick off a global sales cycle that will be
scrutinized for signs of how much juice Apple Inc's marquee product has left.

Analysts expect a record 12 million to 13 million phones to fly off the shelves
in the first weekend, up from more than 10 million last year when the hugely
successful iPhone 6's launch was delayed in China, the world's biggest
smartphone market.

Among the first to pick up the new iPhone 6s in a cold, rainy Sydney was a
telepresence robot named Lucy, operated by marketing executive Lucy Kelly.

"I obviously have my work and other things to attend to and can't spend two days
lining up so my boss at work suggested I take one of the robots down and use it
to stand in my place," she said via an iPad mounted on top of the wheeled robot.
"I love new gadgets. The new camera is meant to be amazing." Fans around the
world have camped out for days prior to the release, and Apple has said
pre-orders suggested sales were on pace to beat last year's first-weekend
performance. Sales of iPhones accounted for nearly two-thirds of Apple's revenue
in the latest quarter. First released in 2007, it is Apple's best-selling device
to date. "The stage is set for Apple to show year-over-year growth over the
Herculean iPhone 6 sales," FBR Capital Markets senior analyst Daniel Ives said.
After a dramatic redesign last year, which included an enlarged screen and the
addition of mobile payments, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus boast more modest
improvements. The phones, which are the same size as last year's models, feature
improved cameras and 3D touch, a display technology based on a "Taptic Engine"
that responds according to how hard users press their screens. "The rumors are
true - the battery capacity is down a bit, and we suspect the reduced battery
size is to accommodate the Taptic Engine," repair firm iFixit, which opened up
an iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, said on its website. Apple has said battery life is
unchanged in the new phones. The new iPhones use chips made by Qualcomm Inc,
Avago Technologies Ltd, Qorvo Inc's TriQuint Semiconductor and RF Micro Devices,
Toshiba Corp, Texas Instruments Inc and Skyworks Solutions Inc, among others.
"Today is like Christmas for pocket film makers all around the world because the
iPhone 6S Plus is like the newest, greatest toy we have to play with," said
Jason van Genderen, who makes movies on smart phones in Sydney. "I've never seen
anything like it - it's astounding. The camera craft has now come up to story
telling craft." Apple has said that just a fraction of its customers have
upgraded to the iPhone 6, suggesting there is plenty of room to grow this year.
Lackluster offerings this year from rival smartphone manufacturer Samsung
Electronics Co Ltd also will help Apple stand out in the marketplace, analyst
Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy wrote in an email. "Over the long
haul, the 6s will eclipse the 6 as Apple is even more competitive versus Samsung
in emerging regions and is gaining share in traditional regions," Moorhead said.
"Samsung didn't bring a whole lot of compelling features to consumers with their
new lines of phones." The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, which start at dollar 199 and
dollar 299 with a two-year service provider contract, go on sale on Friday in
Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto
Rico, Singapore, the United Kingdom and the United States. (Reuters) Source:
www.businessworld.ie

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              760 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             October 6, 2014 Monday

Apple's iPhone 6 Plus Faces Another Hair-Snagging Issue

LENGTH: 271  words


Apple hasn't had much good fortune with it's latest release. On the heels of
BendGate, multiple iOS 8 bugs, dodgy updates and issues that are enough to cause
some Apple users to rip their hair out, the latest gadget seems to be doing the
job for them. According to reports from 9to5 mac it appears the seam gaps [...]
The post Apple's iPhone 6 Plus Faces Another Hair-Snagging Issue appeared first
on tbreak.ae.

Apple hasn't had much good fortune with it's latest release. On the heels of
BendGate, multiple iOS 8 bugs, dodgy updates and issues that are enough to cause
some Apple users to rip their hair out, the latest gadget seems to be doing the
job for them. According to reports from 9to5 mac it appears the seam gaps
between the iPhone 6 Plus' glass and aluminium casing can snag and yank out a
user's hair during calls. Yikes! As New York Magazine notes: "long-haired Steve
Jobs would have never let this happen." But before you consider a move to a
Samsung, be aware the Galaxy Note4 has it's own share of hair-tweezing problems.

Apple has yet to comment on the random hair and beard cuts their new device is
offering its users.

Some Twitter users wondering if "testers were mainly bald guys", others are
quick to crack a joke

iPhone 6/iPhone 6 Plus users in UAE, have you faced similar issues with your
units? Have you faced any other issues with your new gadgets? Have you faced
none of the issues that have plagued the latest Apple release? Why do you think
Apple has faced so many issues recently? Sound off below and let us know.

The post Apple's iPhone 6 Plus Faces Another Hair-Snagging Issue appeared first
on tbreak.ae.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2014 TBREAK MEDIA
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              761 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                           September 21, 2014 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

At last Apple is playing with the big boys;
The outsize iPhone has been a long time coming. Can it pip Android rivals? David
Phelan sees how it measures up

BYLINE: David Phelan

SECTION: DRIVING;FEATURES; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 910 words


BEST ALL-ROUNDER


Apple iPhone 6 Plus From £619

Apple has made a fortune by watching other companies pioneer devices and then
stepping in with a superior product. With the iPhone 6 Plus it has repeated the
trick. Several years after the Samsung Note ushered in the "phablet" age, Apple
has finally joined the ranks of bigscreen-phone makers - and to the chagrin of
rivals it has got the format right first time. Crucially, the Plus is easy to
hold, with the 5.5in display set in a curved case just 7.1mm deep.

Most should find it comfortable to use. The screen may not have the high pixel
count of the latest Note or its screamingly bright hues, but at 401 pixels per
inch (ppi) the display is sharp, with subtle, natural colours. The new version
of iOS it runs is not as customisable as Android but at least now you have the
option of having six or seven rows of icons on the home screen, and, as on the
iPad, optimised apps offer different views in landscape and portrait mode - a
good use of the extra screen size that few Android apps can offer. A new 8Mp
camera boasts the fastest focus yet seen on an iPhone; the Plus has continuous
autofocus for video and, unlike the smaller iPhone 6, optical image
stabilisation for low-light shooting. The battery lasts well over a day. The
Plus's memory starts at 16GB, with 32GB costing £699 and 128GB setting you back
£789. Delete that unwanted U2 album and you'll have more free space.

Verdict Apple may be late to big screens but its first phablet is outstanding.

******apple.com/uk

BEST FEATURES

Samsung Galaxy Note 4 £575

The latest version of Samsung's groundbreaking Note has a 5.7in display with a
resolution of 515ppi, higher than you'll find on almost any other handset. It's
super-bright and detailed, although many will prefer the iPhone's more natural
colours. The 32GB Note 4 is packed with features. A stylus and optimised apps
add extra functions, such as turning a scribble into a number that the phone can
automatically dial (useful). Dual Shot takes pictures on the front and back
cameras together, the phone can measure your heart rate, like the iPhone 6 it
has a fingerprint sensor and it can work as a TV remote (perhaps less useful).
It's disappointing that Samsung continues to use cheaper materials, such as a
plastic back cover, than its Apple archrival; at least its fauxleather look is
an improvement over previous shiny casings.

Verdict Fast and featurestuffed but can't compete with Apple's range of apps.
*****samsung.com

BEST CAMERA

Sony Xperia Z3 From £549

The Sony Xperia Z3 is similar to the Z2, which was launched in the spring, but
it gains some design tweaks, including colour-matched nylon corners that help to
prevent damage. It retains many of the Z2's components, including the excellent
20.7Mp camera. The phone is also waterproof - a great asset for seaside holidays
and desktop disasters alike. Gamers will appreciate being able to link it
wirelessly to a PlayStation 4 and play its games when, say, the TV is being used
by other family members. Like the One and iPhone 6 Plus, the Z3 has a 1080 x
1920-pixel screen; it looks crystal clear, partly thanks to the slightly smaller
5.2in display. Sony also claims that it has created a phone that will last two
days between charges, thanks to a big battery and a number of power conservation
measures. This will entirely depend on your usage, of course.

Verdict Improved design makes an already impressive cameraphone, the Z2, even
better.

****sony.co.uk

BEST VALUE

OnePlus One From £229

OnePlus's first phone has a processor and operating memory the match of those in
phones costing twice as much, although some owners will miss a slot for a memory
card to add to the 16GB of storage (a 64GB version costs £269). The 5.5in
display matches the Plus's resolution but lacks the contrast and natural colours
of its Apple rival. Battery life is also less impressive, and the 13Mp camera
produces only average results. Like the Sony and Samsung, the One shoots video
in 4K resolution; the iPhone does not. The One comes with a tweak to standard
Android software called CyanogenMod, which features a stylish look and offers
greater customisation than most Android phones, but it can be tricky to use and
occasionally crashed. Verdict Unbeatable value and decent build, but can feel
geeky to use and is not easy to get hold of (see panel).

****oneplus.net

BUYER'S GUIDE

What's out when?

The Apple iPhone 6 Plus (with its smaller sibling, the 4.7in iPhone 6) went on
sale on Friday. Between them the two handsets had notched up a record number of
orders, so much of the first wave of stock went to those buyers, but shop around
and you should still be able to find examples on the shelves. Every network and
Apple shop will stock it.

Getting hold of the OnePlus One is more of a challenge. OnePlus claims to be
selling the handset at cost price and is releasing it onto the market slowly -
presumably a moneymaking model will follow. Officially, the One is available
online only from oneplus.net, and you'll need to have received an invitation via
email to buy one. These invitations are given to previous buyers of the phone to
dole out, or distributed through promotions on social networks such as Facebook
and Twitter, so keep your eyes open. There are examples on eBay if you don't
have the patience.

The Sony and Samsung phones will be widely available. The Sony is available to
order now for delivery next month; the Samsung goes on sale on October

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2014 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              762 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           November 8, 2014 Saturday

Krungsri First Choice

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 401 words


offers deal for iPhone 6 15-month interest-free instalment loan for purchases

Sucheera Pinijparakarn

The Nation

Krungsri First Choice has launched a 15-month, zero-interest offer on instalment
loans for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus â[#x20ac]" the longest interest-free
period in the credit-card industry â[#x20ac]" in order to boost lending in the
final two months of the year.

Nayanee Peaugkham, executive vice president, yesterday said smart phones had
been the leading items for the company's instalment-loan business over the past
two years, followed by home appliances.

With consumers having eagerly awaited the arrival of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
plus, Krungsri First Choice and the country's three leading mobile operators are
offering attractive promotions to boost spending on the newly arrived products,
she said.

The company's campaign will also attract new customers, she added. Apart from
the 15-month repayment period with zero interest, Krungsri First Choice offers
3-per-cent cash-back as well.

The company decided on the attractive campaign to ease consumer repayment costs
at a time of high household debt.

Most customers in Krungsri First Choice's lending portfolio are young people and
white-collar workers, many of whom want to buy an iPhone 6 but cannot afford to
pay much in monthly instalments, said Nayanee.

The campaign is expected to boost instalment lending by 20 per cent during the
final two months of the year, against growth of 6-7 per cent so far this year,
she said.

However, one key factor that will affect the lending target is the supply of
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus devices, which is initially unlikely to support the
huge demand, she warned. The campaign runs until the end of the year, but the
company might extend it if device supply during the period falls well short of
demand.

The executive said spending via Krungsri First Choice cards in recent months had
been below target because consumers were worried about living costs and tight
budgets.

Actual spending has not risen much, even though credit-card operators and
instalment-loan providers launched attractive campaigns, she added.

Krungsri First Choice targeted loan growth of 10 per cent for the full year, but
Nayanee acknowledged that it was facing a challenge to achieve that goal.

The company is on target in terms of new cardholders.

It projects 290,000 new cardholders this year, increasing the card customer base
to 2 million.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              763 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The National

                            October 12, 2015 Monday

Apple iPhone 6s, 6s Plus review: new camera welcome but not much else to entice

BYLINE: John Everington

LENGTH: 564  words


John Everington

Saturday marked the biggest day in the tech calendar for the UAE with the
official release of the new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

Unlike the comprehensive design overhaul of last year's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, the
latest upgrades to its smartphone range are, as expected, on the subtler side.
But while Apple's assertion that "the only thing that's changed is everything"
is stretching things a little, there are some significant changes worth
considering.

The 6 and 6s retain the much-loved design of last year's devices, give or take a
millimetre here and there. One noticeable difference however is weight,
especially with the S Plus, which is 20g heavier than its predecessor.

In addition to last year's silver, gold and space grey trims, the 6s range now
comes in "Rose Gold", otherwise known as "pink".

Other modifications introduced by the 6s range are evolutionary rather than
revolutionary, with two major exceptions, namely an upgraded camera and the new
3D touch system.

Despite its impressive "Shot on iPhone" advertising campaign, Apple's cameras
haven't had a major upgrade since 2011. This in spite of great strides made by
rivals such as LG and Samsung.

It's a welcome addition therefore to see Apple finally boost its primary camera
to 12MP from 8MP and its selfie camera to 5MP, with the added ability to shoot
4K video.

Images are noticeably better than those taken on the 6 range, with a lot more
detail and definition, with a particular improvement in low light images.

The second major change is the introduction of 3D Touch, a pressure sensitive
touchscreen that lets you gently touch an item (such as a link or a new email)
to preview it, and then press a little harder to open it. On some apps, such as
Instagram, a light press on the icon will bring up a list of shortcuts.

It's a genuinely innovative feature, albeit one that developers (and this
reviewer) are still getting to grips with. After a day's experimentation it
feels like an unobtrusive feature that genuinely adds functionality to the user
experience, without being essential.

Q&A

How much do they cost?

A 16GB iPhone 6s (with a 4.7 inch display) will set you back around Dh2,599,
while a 128GB iPhone 6s Plus (with a 5.5-inch display) will cost an eye-watering
Dh3,799. As ever, it pays to shop around, with some nice online discounts
available.

So not cheap then. Will you be upgrading?

Having bought a 6 Plus under a year ago, I'm not going to buy a 6s Plus. The
camera is much better, and the 3D Touch system offers fascinating potential, but
my wife isn't going to let me spend Dh3,000 when I've had my current phone for
less than a year.

But what if I want to replace my iPhone 5s?

If you're looking to stay with Apple then it's definitely worth the upgrade.

How about if I bought an expensive iPhone six months ago, but now feel an
irrational but overwhelming need to buy one that comes in pink?

You mean "rose gold"? You're in good company. Local retailers say around 80 per
cent of new iPhones sold are in the new colour range, which is especially
popular with female customers.

And how many of the new iPhones have been sold here so far?

Apple announced 13 million global sales in the three days after launch, but
didn't give details for the UAE. Local retailers say that sales in the first few
days have been high, if a little below what we saw with the 6 range last year.

jeverington@thenational.ae

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 818


                     Copyright 2015 Abu Dhabi Media Company
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              764 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Pretoria News (South Africa)

                           September 26, 2014 Friday
                                   E1 Edition

iPhone 6 glitches leave Apple's chief red faced;
Software update iOS 8.0.1 causes problems

BYLINE:  Tim Higgins |and Adam Satariano|San Francisco

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 895 words


APPLE chief executive Tim Cook called the introduction of the iPhone 6 and 6
Plus over the weekend the "best launch ever". But he may have spoken too soon.

Just three days after announcing that Apple had sold a record 10 million new
iPhones over the opening weekend, Cook was faced with multiple snafus related to
the bigger-screen handsets. The company pulled a new mobile-software update,
dubbed iOS 8.0.1, after the program caused some people to lose cellular service
on Wednesday, and promised a fix soon. Scores of consumers also took to social
media to criticise the 6 Plus and how it could bend if sat on or if enough
pressure was placed upon it.

The stumbles blemished what had been a carefully choreographed product unveiling
that was meant to put Cook's stamp on Apple.

Executives at the company had for months teased the introduction of the new
iPhones before debuting them on September 9. The devices had spurred a frenzy of
demand, with pre-orders topping 4 million, the record weekend sales and a
thriving gray market in China and elsewhere.

Now Cook's roll-out of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus is marred, recalling incidents
that the chief executive has faced with other product debuts. Last year, Cook
apologised for the iPhone's warranty and repair policies in China after
receiving criticism from state-run media over customer service in the market. In
2012, Cook also said he was sorry for Apple's malfunctioning mapping software,
which was faulted for misguided directions and inaccurate landmark locations.

"I just wish that Tim Cook had a better handle on things," said Jason Nochimson,
34, an iPhone 6 owner who spent two-and-a-half hours on Apple's customer support
line after downloading the software upgrade on Wednesday and finding it stopped
his cellular service. "I was worried that my daughter's school was going to call
me... and I wasn't going to be able to get them."

Apple said in a statement that it had devised a workaround for iPhone 6 users
who lost voice service or other features. Users can reinstall the previous
version of iOS to restore past functionality and Apple plans to release a new
version of the operating system, iOS 8.0.2, in the next few days.

"We apologise for the great inconvenience experienced by users," Apple said.

The new iPhones are crucial to Apple. The devices generate more than half of the
company's annual $171 billion (R1.9 trillion) in revenue and precede a swath of
other products, including new iPads, an Apple Watch and a mobile-payments system
called Apple Pay.

Yet while Cook deals with consumer criticism over his handling of the iPhone
roll-out, the issues may have little impact on Apple's sales. Demand for the new
handsets has the company poised to sell more than 61 million iPhones in the
December quarter, surpassing last year's record 51 million sold, according to
Barclays.

Sales are also set to pick up - not decelerate - as the new iPhones become
available in more countries. On September 19, the first day the handsets went on
sale in stores, Apple rolled them out in 10 countries. The company is set to
introduce the gadgets in another 22 countries today. In total, the iPhones will
be in 115 countries by the end of the year, Apple has said.

"It will do nothing; I don't suspect it will dampen any demand," Tim Bajarin at
Creative Strategies, said about concerns over bending phones and iOS problems.

Apple shares are up 27 percent this year.

Still, some consumers are thinking twice about buying the devices in the wake of
Wednesday's snafus. After having problems with Apple's software upgrade to his
old iPhone, James Zahrt, a customer since 1989, decided to put off a new
smartphone purchase.

"I was going to order one immediately", but now "I'm going to wait", said Zahrt,
58, who'd had troubles with his iPhone 4s's alarm clock working properly since
downloading Apple's iOS 8 software last week. "I think the bugs need to be
worked out on this thing."

The popular tide turned against the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus earlier this week
when reports began emerging that the 5.5-inch screen larger model was bending
when people sat on it. Rivals including BlackBerry chief executive John Chen
took a jab at the iPhone on Wednesday, saying he "would challenge you guys to
bend our Passport" device.

That was followed by reports from users that the iOS 8 software upgrade, which
had been issued to address previous software bugs and add the health and
fitness-monitoring application HealthKit, was causing some customers to
experience dropped cell service.

Nochimson, the customer who spent two-and-a-half hours on the phone with Apple
customer service, said his representative was unaware there would be a software
update.

"He told me that he was not made aware that Apple was releasing 8.0.1 today
[Wednesday]," Nochimson said. "It was a shock to him... He said typically when
they do software updates they know about it days in advance so they're ready for
it."

Frustrations about iOS 8 had been mounting before Wednesday, with user
complaints that their devices' battery life seemed to dwindle after downloading
the software, along with data showing applications were more likely to crash
with the operating system.

While glitches weren't unusual for software updates, Apple attracted more
attention, Frank Gillett at Forrester Research said. "They inspire a lot of
positive and negative passion." - Bloomberg

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PN


                Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              765 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 29, 2015 Thursday
                                 Mumbai Edition

CO INVESTING IN INDIA FOR LONG TERM: COOK Skyhigh Prices may've Brought Apple to
Earth

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: THE ECONOMIC TIMES

LENGTH: 554 words


Apple has acknowledged that the higher pricing of iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in India
and some other markets due to foreign exchange fluctuations has had an impact on
their sales, but said it's investing for long term in the country .

"We've adjusted some prices around the world for the launch of iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus... Obviously when we increase prices around the world, it's normal to see
some impact on sales rates," Luca Maestri, Apple's chief financial officer, said
in response to a query about the currency movement and impact on demand in terms
of volume units and revenues in some regions like India, Japan, and parts of
Europe during the Cupertino-based company's fourth quarter earnings call on
Wednesday . But Maestri also said it was too early to arrive at any conclusion.

"...because the phones have been out there just for four weeks, so it's bit
early to tell. But so far we were encouraged by the response," the Apple CFO
said.

ET was the first to report about lower-than-expected demand for the new iPhones
in the country due to high prices with consumers either buying from the grey
market at substantially lower prices or waiting for a price crash or online
discounts earlier this month.

The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are selling at ' '92,000 depending on . 62,000-.memory
and model, ' . 8,500-9,500 more than the last year's launch price of iPhone 6
and 6 Plus and also . 14,000-16,000 costlier than their pric' es in global
markets like the US, Middle East, Singapore and Hong Kong.Apple's trade partners
in India attributed the huge price difference of the new iPhones between India
and many global markets to two factors: depreciation of the rupee against dollar
whereby Apple had hedged the currency exchange rate, and higher tax, with
imported smartphones attracting 11.5% more tax than locally assembled ones while
this difference was just 5% last year.

But Apple remains optimistic about its long-term prospects in India. Its chief
executive officer Tim Cook, in Wednesday's earnings call, said the company was
investing for the long

term in a few markets like India where factors like currency were "transitional
kind of thing". "I was really impressed last quarter with our progress in
Vietnam and Indonesia and India among others," he said.

Discount Push

Apple said iPhone sales in South Asia, including India, during the
July-September quarter was up by 35%. Analysts say sales during this quarter in
India were driven by aggressive online discount on iPhone's earlier models.

"In India the demand situation is still not vibrant for the new iPhones," the
chief executive officer of a leading cell phone retail chain said. "In fact,
there is sufficient stock in India compared with markets like the US and China
where demand is still more than supply ," said the CEO requesting not to be
named.

Most big mobile and consumer electronics retail chains and even large ecommerce
firms said sales of the new iPhones were at best matching last year, while some
reported 20%50% lower demand compared with last year's demand for iPhone 6 and 6
Plus. Incidentally , Apple was targeting a two-to-three fold jump in sales of
the new iPhones leading up to Diwali.

Apple Inc on Wednesday reported 63% growth in revenues from emerging markets at
$79 billion, or about ' . 5,12,500 crore, for the fiscal year ended September
2015.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              766 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                           September 21, 2014 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

At last Apple is playing with the big boys;
The outsize iPhone has been a long time coming. Can it pip Android rivals? David
Phelan sees how it measures up

BYLINE: David Phelan

SECTION: SUNDAY;FEATURES; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 920 words


BEST ALL-ROUNDER Apple iPhone 6 Plus From (EURO)719 Apple has made a fortune by
watching other companies pioneer devices and then stepping in with a superior
product. With the iPhone 6 Plus it has repeated the trick. Several years after
the Samsung Note ushered in the "phablet" age, Apple has finally joined the
ranks of big-screen-phone makers - and to the chagrin of rivals it has got the
format right first time. Crucially, the Plus is easy to hold, with the 5.5in
display set in a curved case just 7.1mm deep.

Most should find it comfortable to use. The screen may not have the high pixel
count of the latest Note or its screamingly bright hues, but at 401 pixels per
inch (ppi) the display is sharp, with subtle, natural colours. The new version
of iOS it runs is not as customisable as Android but at least now you have the
option of having six or seven rows of icons on the home screen, and, as on the
iPad, optimised apps offer different views in landscape and portrait mode - a
good use of the extra screen size that few Android apps can offer. A new 8Mp
camera boasts the fastest focus yet seen on an iPhone; the Plus has continuous
autofocus for video and, unlike the smaller iPhone 6, optical image
stabilisation for low-light shooting. The battery lasts well over a day. The
Plus's memory starts at 16GB, with 32GB costing (EURO)899 and 128GB setting you
back (EURO)999. Delete that unwanted U2 album and you'll have even more free
space.

Verdict Apple may be late to big screens but its first phablet is outstanding.

???? www.apple.com/uk BEST FEATURES Samsung Galaxy Note 4 (EURO)TBC The latest
version of Samsung's groundbreaking Note has a 5.7in display with a resolution
of 515ppi, higher than you'll find on almost any other handset. It's
super-bright and detailed, although many will prefer the iPhone's more natural
colours. The 32GB Note 4 is packed with features. A stylus and optimised apps
add extra functions, such as turning a scribble into a number that the phone can
automatically dial (useful). Dual Shot takes pictures on the front and back
cameras together, the phone can measure your heart rate, like the iPhone 6 it
has a fingerprint sensor and it can work as a TV remote (perhaps less useful).
It's disappointing that Samsung continues to use cheaper materials, such as a
plastic back cover, than its Apple archrival; at least its faux-leather look is
an improvement over previous shiny casings. Verdict Fast and featurestuffed but
can't compete with Apple's range of apps.

{{{{(samsung.com BEST CAMERA Sony Xperia Z3 (EURO)TBC The Sony Xperia Z3 is
similar to the Z2, which was launched in the spring, but it gains some design
tweaks, including colour-matched nylon corners that help to prevent damage. It
retains many of the Z2's components, including the excellent 20.7Mp camera. The
phone is also waterproof - a great asset for seaside holidays and desktop
disasters alike. Gamers will appreciate being able to link it wirelessly to a
PlayStation 4 and play its games when, say, the TV is being used by other family
members. Like the One and iPhone 6 Plus, the Z3 has a 1080 x 1920-pixel screen;
it looks crystal clear, partly thanks to the slightly smaller 5.2in display.
Sony also claims that it has created a phone that will last two days between
charges, thanks to a big battery and a number of power conservation measures.
This will entirely depend on your usage, of course.

Verdict Improved design makes an already impressive cameraphone, the Z2, even
better.

{{{{(sony.co.uk BEST VALUE OnePlus One From (EURO)269 OnePlus's first phone has
a processor and operating memory the match of those in phones costing twice as
much, although some owners will miss a slot for a memory card to add to the 16GB
of storage (a 64GB version costs (EURO)299). The 5.5in display matches the
Plus's resolution but lacks the contrast and natural colours of its Apple rival.
Battery life is also less impressive, and the 13Mp camera produces only average
results. Like the Sony and Samsung, the One shoots video in 4K resolution; the
iPhone does not. The One comes with a tweak to standard Android software called
CyanogenMod, which features a stylish look and offers greater customisation than
most Android phones, but it can be tricky to use and occasionally crashed.
Verdict Unbeatable value and decent build, but can feel geeky to use and is not
easy to get hold of (see panel).

{{{{(oneplus.net BUYER'S GUIDE What's out when? The Apple iPhone 6 Plus (with
its smaller sibling, the 4.7in iPhone 6) went on sale on Friday. Between them
the two handsets had notched up a record number of orders, so much of the first
wave of stock went to those buyers, but shop around and you should still be able
to find examples on the shelves. Every network and Apple shop will stock it.

Getting hold of the OnePlus One is more of a challenge. OnePlus claims to be
selling the handset at cost price and is releasing it onto the market slowly -
presumably a moneymaking model will follow. Officially, the One is available
online only from oneplus.net, and you'll need to have received an invitation via
email to buy one. These invitations are given to previous buyers of the phone to
dole out, or distributed through promotions on social networks such as Facebook
and Twitter, so keep your eyes open. There are examples on eBay if you don't
have the patience.

The Sony and Samsung phones will be widely available. The Sony is available to
order now for delivery next month; the Samsung goes on sale on October 10.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2014 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              767 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                      September 4, 2015 Friday 1:09 AM GMT

iPhone 6S or iPhone 7 release date, rumours and new features ahead of Apple's
launch event;
The latest iteration of the iPhone is setto launch at the start of this month at
a conference in San Francisco- ahead of its release,here's everything we know so
far

BYLINE: Liz Connor

SECTION: LONDON LIFE

LENGTH: 1308 words


Apple has announced that its next big product update will take place in San
Francisco onSeptember 9 - with a new iPhone handset widely expected to launch in
time for the busy Christmas sales period.

Every year since 2007, the company has unveiled a new model of the device and
since 2011 it has announced the latest iteration in the autumn - at the same
time as global tech trade show IFA in Berlin.

As with every significant Apple launch, rumours about what's in-store from the
tech giant's announcement are rife. Read on for the latest features and specs
circulating the internet.

When and how is it launching?

Invitations to an event on Wednesday September 9 were sent out at the end of
last month, featuring the cryptic message 'Hey Siri, give us a hint'. This is
widely believed to be a nod towards Siri's integration into a new Apple TV
expected to be launched alongside a new phone.

'Hey Siri, give us a hint!': Apple's cryptic invitation toits upcoming
conference in San Francisco

As with previous announcements, the new handset is likely to be launched during
a keynote speech by Apple chief executive Tim Cook, with additional speeches
from senior vice president of worldwide marketing Phil Schiller and senior vice
president of internet software and services Eddy Cue. All three showcased the
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus at the Apple event in California last year.

Read more

Apple breaks record by selling 10 million iPhone 6 smartphones in just

Apple Music Festival: Take That, Chemical Brothers and The Weeknd

Apple's top-secret self-driving car 'almost ready for road'

What will it be called?

Following the pattern of previous announcements, it's likely we'll see Apple
launch the iPhone 6s and 6s plus - updated versions of the small (4.7-inch) and
large (5.5-inch) versions of the handset.

Following its previous pattern, the new handsets will likely be the 6s and 6s
plus

However, we may also see the arrival of a cheaper 6c handset, replacing the
discontinued 5c model. Earlier in May Apple appeared to leak a picture of what
could be the iPhone 6c on its site. The picture showed what looked like an
updated iPhone 5c with an Touch ID sensor on its home button. However, Apple
fans havesince concluded that the image ismost likely a poorly-rendered
graphicof an original 5c,and the image has since been removed from the site.

There are rumours currently circulating the internet that Apple could surprise
us all and go straight in with the iPhone 7 - breaking the tradition of its
previous naming conventions.

What new features can we expect?

A better camera

Apple has historically had the lead on smartphone integrated cameras, and we
could be about to witness its biggest camera jump ever. Rumors suggest that the
new iPhone will have a 12MP sensor with optical image stabilisation and 4k video
recording - offering quality to rival a DSLR. Selfie lovers will also be pleased
to hear that the front-facing camera is expected to be upgraded to a 5MP unit.

The iPhone 6 camera is rumoured to jump from 8MP to 12MP

No increase to 32GB

While initial rumors suggested that Apple might increase the base storage from
16GB to 32GB, alleged leaks now claim that 16GB base versions will continue -
with cloud services such as Apple Music streaming and iCloud helping to keep
internal storage free.

Improved hardware

While the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus both have dual core processor with 1GB RAM,
competition has moved to octa core processors with 4GB RAM. Apple are set to
attempt to catch up by upgrading the new iPhone handset with quad core processor
and 2GB RAM. Apple may also use the triple core A8+ processor that is currently
a feature of the iPad Air 2.

Force touch

Essentially, an improvedtouch screen that enables the device to identify the
difference between a light and strong touch. It is already present on the Apple
watch and Macbook's trackpad so the inclusion of the technology on upcoming
iPhone is widely expected.

The force touch feature on the Apple Watch could be coming to the iPhone

Added durability

Remember bendgate? Rumours say that Apple has taken steps to avoid repeat
embarrassments by improving the durability of its newest model using 7000 series
aluminum on the chassis.

Scratch resistant glass

Sapphire glass - a scratch resistant material used in screens - is another
possible feature. It was rumoured to be slated for the original iPhone 6,
however the production was believed to behalted due tomanufacturing issues.

IOS 9

Apple likes to release a new version of its mobile operating system, iOS, every
year alongside new hardware. Given that we had iOS 8 last year with the new
iPhones, the iOS 9 launch at Apple's conference will come as no surprise

When will it go on sale?

The iPhone 6s's sale date has reportedly been given away in a leaked email from
Vodafone, which suggests that the newest handset will go on sale on September
25, with pre-orders being accepted from September 18.

If correct, this release date would correspond with the usual pattern of an
announcement in the second week of September, followed by a release two weeks
later.

What will it look like?

9to5Mac claimed they had leaked photos of the new handset in early July. The
pictures show internal and external views of silver metal casing, which looks
very similar to the anodised aluminium used in the iPhone 6.

9to5 claim that these are leaked images of the new handset

Despite previous rumours, the case is the same thickness and width as the iPhone
6.

However, images leaked by a source with a Chinese supply line to Engadget Japan
suggests the iPhone 6s will be 0.2mm thicker than its predecessor at 7.1mm, a
potential concession to Force Touch.

A supposedly leaked schematic from Engagetsuggests the iPhone 6s will be 0.2mm
thicker than its predecessor

Elsewhere, Steve Hemmerstoffer of Nowwhereelse.fr has sourced what appears to be
renderings of the purported iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, with the same dimensionsof
7.1mm thickness.

Contradicting rumours: what appears to be renderings of the iPhone 6s with the
same dimensions as the iPhone 6

Internally the frame sports newly-located mounting points to support a new logic
board. The speaker holes, headphone jack, microphone and lightning charging
ports remain in the same places.

While the design of the handset might not change much (give or take a few mm),
Apple are rumoured to be working on brand newcolours for the iPhone 6s. Low-res
images of pink iPhones being boxed up in a factory are currently circulating on
the Internet. It's also been suggested that the iPhone will get a rose gold
upgrade, to match the Apple Watch iteration.

Coming soon? Images of a pink Iphone 6s have been circulating the Internet

Other than the iPhone, what else is expected to launch?

While Apple isfocusing on the iPhone 6s,Apple TV is also expected to get a
significant upgrade, if rumours and recently reported leaks are to be believed.
Apple's set-top box saw a hardware revision three years after its release in
2007, but has kept a low-profile since.

If "Hey Siri, give us a hint" means what the Internet thinks it does, Apple
could be readying to take a note from the Amazon's playbook, by putting its
voice assistant in Apple TV users' homes -offering similar functionality to
Siri, but without requiring you use a mobile phone. Simply speaking up in the
room of your choice would provide weather, news, music playback and more.

Apple isalso rumoured to be offering something even more compelling to viewers:
universal search, allowing you to see all the places you can watch a particular
show or movie, such as on iTunes or Netflix, and let you pick between them. The
result? No more searching for the latest episode of Game of Thrones when season
6 launches next year. This, we like.

Follow us on Twitter: @ESLife&Style

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2015 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              768 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

IPhone 6 sets records, but problems quickly emerge

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 435 words


Glitches in iOS 8.0.1 operating system bring frustrations to consumers, reports
Bloomberg.

Apple Inc Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook called the introduction of the iPhone
6 and 6 Plus over the weekend the "best launch ever." He may have spoken too
soon.

Just three days after announcing that Apple had sold a record 10 million new
iPhones over the opening weekend, Cook was faced with multiple snafus related to
the bigger-screen handsets. The company pulled a new mobile-software update,
dubbed iOS 8.0.1, after the program caused some people to lose cellular service.
It promised a fix soon.

Scores of consumers also took to social media to criticize the 6 Plus and how it
can bend under sufficient pressure.

The stumbles blemished what had been a carefully choreographed product unveiling
that was meant to put Cook's stamp on Apple. Executives at the California-based
company had for months teased the introduction of the new iPhones before finally
debuting them on Sept 9.

The devices had spurred a frenzy of demand, with pre-orders topping 4 million,
plus the record weekend sales and a thriving gray market for the smartphones in
China and elsewhere.

Now, Cook's rollout of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus is marred, recalling incidents
that the CEO has faced with other product debuts. Last year, Cook apologized for
the iPhone's warranty and repair policies in China after receiving criticism
from the media over customer service in the market. In 2012, Cook also said he
was sorry for Apple's malfunctioning mapping software, which was faulted for
misguided directions and inaccurate landmark locations.

"I just wish that Tim Cook had a better handle on things," said Jason Nochimson,
34, an iPhone 6 owner who spent more than two hours on Apple's customer support
line after downloading the software upgrade on Wednesday and finding it stopped
his cellular service. "I was worried that my daughter's school was going to call
me and I wasn't going to be able to get them."

Apple said in an e-mailed statement that it has devised a workaround for iPhone
6 users who lost voice service or other features. Users can reinstall the
previous version of iOS to restore past functionality and Apple plans to release
a new version of the operating system, iOS 8.0.2, in the next few days.

"We apologize for the great inconvenience experienced by users," Apple said in
the statement.

The new iPhones are crucial to Apple. The devices generate more than half of the
company's annual $171 billion in revenue and precede a swath of other products,
including new iPads, an Apple Watch and a mobile-payments system called Apple
Pay.


LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              769 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday
                                   E1 Edition

Apple's new iPhones further blur the line between phone and tablet

BYLINE:  Hayley Tsukayama

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 520 words


Those who use Apple's iPad should feel right at home with the company's new
phones, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. The phones, which are significantly
bigger than Apple's four-inch iPhone 5s and 5c, take design cues and some
features from Apple's tablet line - further blurring the distinction between the
smartphone and the tablet.

Both phones are thinner and lighter than their predecessors, losing more in bulk
than they gain in overall size. But there's no doubt that both phones feel
noticeably bigger than the current line of iPhones and it will probably take
long-time Apple users time to get used to handling the larger devices. All that
fumbling around with the phones will no doubt lead to a lot of cracked screens.
Get ready, too, for new accessories, since this is Apple's first change to the
width of the iPhone.

For years, Apple has refused to make phones wider than the average thumb could
reach, saying that making phones any bigger was a disservice to consumers. The
new phones feel like an admission from Apple that it was wrong to fight the
big-screen revolution for so long.

But as consumers embrace phones to view more video and do more serious work, it
has become clear that big is in demand. And by releasing phones with larger
screens - the |4.7-inch iPhone 6 and the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 plus - Apple sets
itself more firmly against competitors who make phones for the Android platform
such as Samsung, LG and HTC.

Solely in terms of screen size, Apple has been behind the curve, with a screen
smaller than Samsung's latest model, the S5. But in my brief time with the
phones it was clear that Apple was mainly drawing inspiration from one source:
the iPad.

With the iPhone 6 Plus in particular, the similarities are striking. Thanks to
its tall, thin proportions, the Plus still feels more like a big phone than a
small tablet, but only just. Apple has, for example, given Plus users the option
to view a lot of its apps in a horizontal orientation that's pulled straight
from the iPad.

In Mail, for example, iPhone users can now look at a two-pane view - one to list
the messages in the inbox and one to preview messages. To deal with the thumb
question, Apple also has introduced a mode that pulls whatever is showing up at
the top of the screen halfway down the display, to get that upper corner within
easy reach.

On both phones, Apple has moved the sleep button from the top of the phone to
the side of phone, so you can use everything one-handed. Both also have crisp,
bright displays and the rounded corners that hark back to earlier iPhone models.

Both also carry Apple's new camera sensor, an eight-megapixel sensor with new
features that let users focus more easily on their photo subjects. The phones
are so thin that the camera actually sticks out a bit from the back of the
phone. The rounded corners and thin profiles should also help the new phones
slide into tight pockets.

For many people, bigger will feel better - clearer for photos, for video and for
work - but for those who've grown accustomed to Apple's standard iPhone size, it
will definitely take time to adjust. - The Washington Post

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              770 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 29, 2015 Thursday
                               Bangalore Edition

CO INVESTING IN INDIA FOR LONG TERM, SAYS CEO COOK Sky-high Prices may've
Brought Apple to Earth

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 642 words


Apple has acknowledged that the higher pricing of iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in India
and some other markets due to foreign exchange fluctuations has had an impact on
their sales, but said it's investing for long term in the country.

"We've adjusted some prices around the world for the launch of iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus... Obviously when we increase prices around the world, it's normal to see
some impact on sales rates," Luca Maestri, Apple's senior vice-president and
CFO, said in response to a query about the currency movement and impact on
demand in terms of volume units and revenues in some regions like India, Japan,
and parts of Europe during the Cupertino-based company's fourth quarter earnings
call on Wednesday .

But Maestri also said it's too early to arrive at any conclusion. "...because
the phones have been out there just for four weeks, so it's bit early to tell.
But so far we were encouraged by the response."

ET was the first to report about lower-than-expected demand for the new iPhones
in the country due to high prices with consumers either buying from the grey
market at substantially lower prices or waiting for a price crash or online
discounts earlier this month.

The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are selling at ' '92,000 depending on . 62,000-.memory
and model, ' . 8,500-9,500 more than the last year's launch price of iPhone 6
and 6 Plus and also . 14,000-16,000 costlier than their ' prices in global
markets like the US, Middle East, Singapore and Hong Kong.

Apple's trade partners in India attributed the huge price difference of the new
iPhones between India and many global markets to two factors: depreciation of
the rupee against the dollar whereby Apple had hedged the currency exchange
rate, and higher tax, with imported

smartphones attracting 11.5% more tax than locally assembled ones while this
difference was just 5% last year.

But Apple remains optimistic about its long-term prospects in India. Its chief
executive officer Tim Cook, during Wednesday's earnings call, said the company
was investing for the long term in a few markets like In

dia where factors like currency were "transitional kind of thing".

"I was really impressed last quarter with our progress in Vietnam and Indonesia
and India among others," he said.

Apple said iPhone sales in South Asia, including India, during the
July-September quarter was up by 35%.

Analysts say sales during this quarter in India were driven by aggressive online
discount on iPhone's earlier models.

"In India the demand situation is still not vibrant for the new iPhones," the
chief executive officer of a leading cell phone retail chain said. "In fact,
there is sufficient stock in India compared with markets like the US and China
where demand is still more than supply," said the CEO requesting not to be
named.

Most big mobile and consumer electronics retail chains and even large ecommerce
firms said sales of the new iPhones were at best matching last year, while some
reported 20%-50% lower demand compared with last year's demand for iPhone 6 and
6 Plus.

Incidentally, Apple was targeting a two-to-three fold jump in sales of the new
iPhones leading up to Diwali.

Apple Inc on Wednesday reported 63% growth in revenues from emerging markets at
$79 billion, or about Rs 5,12,500 crore, for the fiscal year ended September
2015. Cook said the company achieved this despite "very strong headwinds" from
foreign exchange rates. Apple also posted largest absolute revenue growth ever,
growing by 28% at $234 billion, or about Rs 15,18,000 crore.

The company had last month announced that it sold more than 13 million units of
iPhones 6s and 6s Plus models in 12 markets including the US and China in just
three days after launch, setting a new record for the company.

The company management during the call on Wednesday also said the new iPhones
were selling more than last year's launch.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              771 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         The Queensland Times (Ipswich)

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 395  words


CLEVER marketing on the latest iPhone model may have come back to bite Apple, so
to speak, with social media filled with so many complaints about the phone
bending when put in pants pockets the issue has been dubbed "Bendgate".

With Ipswich enthusiasts lined up at the Riverlink Telstra Shop from 3am to be
the first to get their hands on the product when it was launched, the issue must
be leaving a sour taste in the mouths of Apple fans.

But number one in that queue a week ago, Peter Caswell was not sure what the
fuss was about.

"I've had my iPhone all day long in my front pocket as a mechanic and I haven't
had any problems with it," the Darra mechanic said.

"I can't get mine to bend whatsoever.

"People are always going to complain about something on a new model. That's the
joy of being the first to own the latest.

"It's a problem that's bound to happen being the size it is."

According to social media comments, the problem may be more to do with young
people and their skinny jeans and tight pockets.

Mr Caswell said he didn't believe the bad press would affect Apple's reputation.

"Apple has always had a good name in looking after their customers. If something
is wrong they will replace it."

Three days after its release on September 19, Apple announced it had sold more
than 10 million iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models, a record for the company.

The hype was matched in Ipswich with more than 50 fans lined up when the doors
opened at the Riverlink Telstra Shop, and the store selling out of the iPhone6
Plus by 11am.

Apple issued a statement saying with normal use a bend in an iPhone was
"extremely rare" and nine customers had contacted the company about a bent
iPhone6 Plus.

"Our iPhones are designed, engineered and manufactured to be both beautiful and
sturdy. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus feature a precision engineered unibody
enclosure constructed from machining a custom grade of 6000 series anodized
aluminium, which is tempered for extra strength.

"They also feature stainless steel and titanium inserts to reinforce high stress
locations and use the strongest glass in the smartphone industry.

"We chose these high-quality materials and construction very carefully for their
strength and durability. We also perform rigorous tests throughout the entire
development cycle including 3-point bending, pressure point cycling, sit,
torsion, and user studies."

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IQT


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              772 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: More than 10 million iPhones sold in first weekend

LENGTH: 330  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Institution of Engineering and Technology has issued the following news
release:

Apple says it sold more than 10 million iPhones in the first weekend after its
new models went on sale on Friday.

Chief Executive Tim Cook said the company could have sold even more iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus models if it weren't for the supply constraints the company tends
to face in years that involve a re-design, with screen production a major
concern this year.

Analysts had estimated first-weekend sales of up to 10 million iPhones, after
Apple booked record pre-orders of 4 million on September 12, the day pre-orders
opened.

"Despite the supply chain constraints around the iPhone 6 Plus and tightness
around certain models of the iPhone 6, we believe (Monday's) strong print
demonstrates that Apple executed extremely well in the face of severe supply
constraints," Cantor Fitzgerald analyst Brian White wrote in a note.

First-day pre-orders of the new phones, which went on sale in 10 countries, far
surpassed the two million first-day pre-orders for the iPhone 5 model two years
ago.

"While our team managed the manufacturing ramp better than ever before, we could
have sold many more iPhones with greater supply and we are working hard to fill
orders as quickly as possible," Cook said in a statement.

Last year, Apple sold 9 million iPhone 5S and 5C models in 11 countries,
including China, in the first weekend they were available. Sales of the latest
models in China, the world's largest smartphone market, have been delayed by
regulatory issues.

Apple sold 5 million iPhone 5 handsets, 4 million iPhone 4S models and 1.7
million iPhone 4 units during the first weekend.

The company said last week that many US customers would have to wait until next
month for their new iPhones due to strong demand. The new iPhones will be
available in 20 more countries on September 26.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              773 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

10 Million in iPhone sales just the beginning for Apple

BYLINE: By Julia Love jmlove@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Business

LENGTH: 628 words


CUPERTINO -- Consumers have already snapped up more than 10 million of Apple's
new iPhones, and analysts say the fast start for the bigger phones will mean
bigger sales for the company for the rest of the year.

Apple announced Monday that the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus sparked record sales in the
first three days they were available, besting the 9 million gadgets sold when
the iPhone 5S and 5C debuted in 2013. But unlike last year, Apple reached a new
high without China, where the devices have yet to win regulators' stamp of
approval, and supply appeared to be crimping sales where the new phones were
available. That means Apple has most likely gleaned only a fraction of the
riches its new iPhones promise, analysts say.

"There's no question selling 10 million units of anything over a weekend is
spectacular," said analyst Avi Greengart of Current Analysis. "But that number
just shows Apple's supply. The demand is higher still."

Indeed, Apple CEO Tim Cook suggested that Apple could have topped its own record
by a wider margin, noting in a statement that sales for the opening weekend
"exceeded our expectations."

"While our team managed the manufacturing ramp better than ever before, we could
have sold many more iPhones with greater supply and we are working hard to fill
orders as quickly as possible," Cook said.

Apple did not break down early sales between the two devices, but the 6 Plus,
which boasts a larger screen, sold out early in many locations. Research firm
Piper Jaffray surveyed customers waiting in line Friday in Minneapolis and New
York, finding that 57 percent wanted to buy the 6 Plus.

Lines snaked around Apple stores in the Bay Area and beyond when shelves were
stocked Friday. After netting about $7 billion from sales this weekend, Apple's
revenue may even cross the $200 billion threshold this year, thanks to a boost
from the new phones, said analyst Carl Howe of 451 Research, though that will
most likely happen in 2015. By comparison, Apple generated $171 billion in
revenue in 2013.

"Apple's going to have a monster quarter," said analyst Colin Gillis of BGC
Financial.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus come to market at a time when smartphones are already
the norm, and many customers are ready for their next device, Greengart said.

"There's an installed base that's itching to upgrade," he said.

Sales of the new iPhones began Friday in the U.S., Australia, Canada, France,
Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the U.K., and will expand
to more than 20 additional countries this week. Analyst Ben Bajarin of Creative
Strategies said he expects Apple to sell its devices in China by year's end,
making for a "really, really big holiday season."

"It's going to be a very merry Christmas," Howe said.

With its new batch of gadgets, Apple is entering the market for "phablets," a
popular category of devices that blur the line between smartphones and tablets.
Samsung and other manufacturers using Google's Android operating system
pioneered the market, attracting some iPhone customers who wanted gadgets with
bigger screens.

The iPhone 6, which measures 4.7 inches diagonally, costs $199 with a two-year
contract. The 5.5-inch 6 Plus starts at $299 -- $100 more than Apple charged for
its premier phone last year. Those prices, roughly twice that of the average
smartphone, will also enrich Apple's bottom line, analysts say.

Many consumers find larger screens useful for watching videos and playing games.
The size also makes the new phones easy to distinguish from early versions,
satisfying consumers' impulse to show off, Greengart said.

"Let's not discount the impact of human nature too much," he said. "It's more
obvious that you've purchased the latest."

Contact Julia Love at 408-920-5536; follow her at Twitter.com/byJuliaLove .

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              774 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Shares drop as new iPhone models unveiled;
Investors wary about security, pricing, how devices will affect iPad sales,
analysts say

BYLINE: Michael Lewis Toronto Star

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 605 words


Investors gave a cool initial reaction to Apple Inc.'s product launch Tuesday.

Apple shares turned slightly lower after the Cupertino, Calif.-based company
unveiled two larger screen iPhone 6 models, a mobile payment system called Apple
Pay and the Apple Watch.

Analysts said the share weakness reflects fears about security, pricing and
whether bigger phones will eat into sales of the iPad tablet. The shares traded
flat at $98.03 (U.S.) after hours.

Still, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are expected to quickly become the
company's biggest earners, and could help stem the tide of users moving to
lower-cost, larger-screen Android devices, especially in China and other Asian
markets.

"The main benefit for Apple in going to a larger size of screen is not so much
to woo people over to its devices, but to prevent its customers defecting,
particularly to devices such as Samsung's Galaxy Note," said IDC mobility team
researcher John Delaney.

As was widely expected, the world's biggest tech company took the wraps off
bigger and faster iPhones to meet consumer demand for screens that can better
display apps and streamed content.

The launch of the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus represents a
shift from co-founder Steve Jobs' commitment to small, elegant devices that can
be controlled with one hand.

Screen resolution on the Plus will be sharper than previous iPhones, at 401
pixels per inch rather than 326, and the device comes with a new horizontal view
of the home screen. App developers will also have tools to rearrange their
content to take advantage of that larger screen.

Apple said the phones will have better battery life than previous versions and
feature a barometer sensor to gauge stair climbing distance.

Users will also be able to make regular calls over Wi-Fi when cellular reception
is poor, with the feature initially available through T-Mobile in the U.S.

Apple said it is adding sensors to produce better photos and is also improving a
slow-motion video feature by allowing even slower shots. The camera will be able
to take 240 frames per second, double the iPhone 5s. Normally, video is at 60
frames per second.

The new phones will start shipping in the U.S. on Sept. 19, with advance orders
to begin this Friday. Starting prices will be comparable to those in the past -
$199 with a two-year contract for the iPhone 6 with 16 gigabytes of storage.

However, the step-up models will have double the memory compared to past devices
- at $299 for 64 gigabytes and $399 for 128 gigabytes. The iPhone 6 Plus phones
will cost $100 more at each configuration.

Apple also unveiled a new payment system called Apple Pay that will use the
iPhone camera to capture a photo of a credit card.

Apple will verify the card and add it to a phone's Passbook account to allow
payments at a retailer.

Apple announced several merchants that will accept the system, including Macy's,
Whole Foods and Disney stores.

The service will use NFC chips in the new iPhones and Touch ID, with 22,000
compatible retailers and initial availability in the U.S. only.

Apple said security has been a focus of the system, with the card number stored
only on the device and a one-time card number created to make each transaction.

Apple's software also received an annual update with Tuesday's announcement - to
iOS 8 which Apple calls the most important refresh since the introduction of the
app store in 2008.

Existing iPhone and iPad users will be eligible for the free upgrade that will
let Apple devices work better in sync - with the hand-off feature extended to
the Apple Watch. The software will be available to existing users on Sept. 17.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks at an Apple special event on Tuesday. Justin
Sullivan/GETTY IMAGES

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2014 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              775 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 26, 2015 Saturday 3:24 PM GMT

Watch as new iPhone 6s Plus survives 10ft drop face-down;
A tech team has tested just how tough the new smartphones are - with incredible
results

BYLINE: By Laura Connor

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 329 words


Tired of smashed phone screens? See if your new iPhone 6s will stand up to a
10FT drop

Have you managed to get your hands on a new iPhone 6s or 6s Plus yet?

If so, then this video is going to make you very happy indeed.

According to a YouTube video uploaded by TechSmart, the new smartphone 6s Plus
can survive a face-down ten-foot fall - with barely any scratches.

The tech team tested the new super-phones at a shopping centre in Australia,
showing they're an extremely hardy pair of Apple gadgets.

While the iPhone 6s, which is slighter smaller and lighter, can't quite survive
the epic ten-foot descent, it is still a pretty impressive piece of technology.

Read more: Britain is second most expensive place in world to buy iPhone 6S:
Here's how to get best deal

The video shows the new phone, with Apple's new pressure sensitive screen, can
be dropped from a six-foot height with only superficial damage.

The new phones launched in the UK yesterday to the glee of Apple fans across the
country.

A customer who had camped out all week was the first to cross the threshold of
an Apple Store as the new phones went on sale.

Sam Shaikh, from Stratford, was the first to enter the Apple Store in Covent
Garden, London, having been outside "since 8.30pm on Monday night" - while a
woman in Australia even sent a robot to queue on her behalf.

Mr Shaikh, 29, was greeted by claps and cheers from the staff, as they welcomed
the first of several hundred customers waiting outside.

Mr Shaikh said he was also the first person in the queue last year when the
iPhone 6 launched.

Apple iphone 6 release

In Birmingham, Callum Edward-Williams, 22, slept outside the store in the
Bullring shopping centre in the city to be the first to get his hands on the
gadget.

The new phones come with a touch aluminium casing to prevent a repetition of
"Bendgate".

Some iPhone 6 Plus mobiles warped when put in back pockets, but the iPhone 6s
and 6s Plus are designed to stay in shape - even from a significant height.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              776 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            October 6, 2015 Tuesday
                                 Mumbai Edition

iPhone Launch a Bigger Affair This Time

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 542 words


Apple is roping in top telcos Bharti Airtel and Vodafone India as vendor
partners and pulling out all stops to make its iPhone 6s launch in India a
blockbuster that will build on record sales of 1.7 million units in its last
financial year in the world's fastest-growing smartphone market.

For the first time, the Cupertino-based smartphone giant is forging partnerships
with the telcos well in advance of the launch planned for October 16.
Previously, operator plans came out months later.

Consumers can look forward to EMI schemes where they would need to pay only a
small upfront amount and split the remainder up into 12 or 24 monthly
instalments, or data-bundling offers with an upfront and equal monthly payments
that will include a specified or even unlimited data, sources said. Analysts
said consumers can also expect plans for device upgrades at the end of a
12-month cycle as there is a significant user base in India willing to shift to
new iPhones year after year.

The tie-ups and offers, as well as the move to start selling in India much
earlier that it

usually does after a global launch, underscore the growing importance of India,
which is set to overtake the US as the world's second-largest smartphone market
by 2017.Apple is looking to rapidly add to the 1.7 million units it sold in its
financial year ended September 2015, according to data from Counterpoint
Technology Market Research. This was a 55% jump from almost 1.1 million devices
sold in its previous financial year. Apple didn't comment on the data.

"Vodafone India will offer iPhone 6s and

iPhone 6s Plus, the most advanced iPhones ever, beginning on October 16," a
Vodafone India spokesperson said. Customers can register for the devices
beginning October 9 on the company's website. India's No. 2 telco didn't
disclose plan details. After registration, customers can choose to buy the
phones through an ecommerce partner or at Vodafone's retail outlets, sources
added.

Vodafone had announced a tie-up in January this year, after the then Apple
flagship iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were launched in Octo

ber 2014. It had introduced tariff plans based on instalments for all its
devices, starting from the iPhone 4s.

Bharti Airtel is working on a tie-up with Apple which would be finalised
shortly, a company official said. The country's largest telco, which is heavily
advertising its 4G services, "would want to offer the 4G on iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus," the company official added, indicating that plans for its high-speed
broadband services could be offered as part of a bundled package.

Analysts said Apple's performance in India last year was by far its strongest
yet. The smartphone market in India is currently dominated by Samsung
Electronics and domestic vendors Micromax Informatics and Intex. "It continues
to be a highly aspirational smartphone for the growing urban smartphone users,"
said Tarun Pathak, a senior analyst at Hong Kong-based Counterpoint Research.
"Strong momentum of Apple iPhone 6and iPhone 6 Plus, which together generated
over half of the total iPhones volumes, ensured a strong fiscal for Apple in
India."

Apple, which launched the iPhone in 2007, ignored India for a long time and
increased its focus on the market only over the past couple of years.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              777 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                    September 24, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

T-Mobile allows customers to buy iPhone 6s for $5/month with trade-in

BYLINE: Jonathan Clifford

LENGTH: 274  words


On Wednesday, US wireless carrier T-Mobile announced a new initiative under
which it will sell tech giant Apple's new iPhones -- iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s
Plus -- for $5 per month with trade-in. The new iPhones are set to hit the
markets on September 25.

The new initiative announced by T-Mobile will enable customers to purchase the
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus smartphones for a monthly payment as low as $5, if
they trade in an 'eligible' smartphone. The deal does not require customers to
make any down payment.

The eligible smartphones which customers can trade in -- to avail a $5-per-month
price for the new iPhones -- include iPhone 6; iPhone 6 Plus; Samsung Galaxy S6;
Galaxy S6 Edge; Galaxy S6 Edge+; and Galaxy Note 5. Any of these handsets can be
traded-in by customers, provided that the handsets are in working and undamaged
condition.

Other than the mentioned handsets which can be traded-in by customers to
purchase the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus at $5 per month, the new promotion
announced by T-Mobile also allows customers to purchase the 16GB iPhone 6s by
paying $10 per month for 18 months if they trade in an iPhone 5s, Samsung Note
4, or Samsung Galaxy S5 smartphone.

Furthermore, under the new promotion, customers can also trade-in almost any
other smartphone, and purchase the new iPhones for $15 per month.

Technology (http://uncovercalifornia.com/business/technology)Business
(http://uncovercalifornia.com/business)T-Mobile
(http://uncovercalifornia.com/company/t-mobile)United States
(http://uncovercalifornia.com/region/united-states)

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              778 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

The wait is over for the proud iPhone 6 owners

BYLINE: Hannah Seaton ; Hellma Paalsrud

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 484 words


ONE of the first people in Britain to get their hands on the new iPhone said the
three-day queue outside the store was "worth the wait".

Self-employed Andy Walford, who travelled from Powys on Tuesday, queued for
three nights in the Bullring, Birmingham, to be first in line to get his hands
on the new iPhone 6. The US company announced the new devices to much fanfare at
a highly anticipated event in California last week.

Many fans have been so keen to get their hands in the product they've been
queuing outside Apple stores for days in anticipation - among them was Mr
Walford.

He said: "I'm going to go home, have a shower, get some sleep and then play with
my iPhone. A friend is coming to give me a lift home.

"The last night was the hardest, I think because of the excitement. I got here
at 11am on Tuesday, my partner turned up on Wednesday which was a nice surprise
as I wasn't expecting her.

"It's the second time in a row I've been first in the queue. People say it's
crazy, but I've got a result and that's the result I came here for, I might see
you again next year."

Dozens also queued outside Apple's shop in St David's shopping centre in
Cardiff.

Among them was Ramzan Iqbal, 45, from Pontypridd, who said: "I just want a new
iPhone, that's all. It just a thing I do, I normally try to get the new iPhones
on the launch day.

"It's just going to be a much more powerful device. Apple always makes really
good phones. The user experience is normally really good, so hopefully it's
going to be as good as they say it will be."

Mike Nelson, 34, from Cardiff, said there was an element of wanting to be the
first to have the product.

He said: "I'm getting the small one, I don't really like the big one, I'd like
to keep the smaller size, the big one is practically an iPad.

"I don't have any expectations for it really, so I'm probably just spending
money on something that's no better than what I've already got.

"The things I like about the iPhone is its convenience, it's easy to use,
iMessage, and most of my friends have got an iPhone, so it's easy to stay
connected."

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are available in 10 countries, including the UK,
the US, Australia and Singapore, and a further 20 from next Friday.

Both handsets will be available in new sizes for the first time, with the iPhone
6 offering a 4.7in screen, while the 6 Plus boasts the biggest screen Apple has
ever produced for a smartphone at 5.5in.

Network operator EE said it will ensure that customers who preordered new
handsets through Phones 4u, which went into administration earlier this week,
would still be able to get them in its stores.

A spokesman said: "All across the country we have set aside iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus handsets, enough for Phones 4u customers who preordered iPhones on EE
through Phones 4u.

"If they go into EE stores and show their pre-order receipts they will be able
to claim one of the devices."

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: An Apple fan gets her hands on the new iPhone 6 at the tech giant's
<Bstore in St David's Arcade, CardiffFans queued from midday on Wednesday for
the event

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WWM


                    Copyright 2014 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              779 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Asian Image

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Apple unveils its first smartwatch

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 715 words


Apple has launched its first smartwatch as well as a new enlarged iPhone, called
the iPhone 6 Plus.

At a highly-anticipated event in California, CEO Tim Cook detailed the firm's
latest product innovations, which also included Apple Pay - designed to "replace
the wallet".

Confirming online rumours, the technology giant revealed its first steps into
the smartwatch market with the Apple Watch, and although the company would not
go into more detail on a launch date beyond "early 2015" confirmed it will be
priced at about £300.

"I am so excited and I am so proud to share it with you this morning. It is the
next chapter in Apple's story," said Mr Cook.

"Apple Watch is most personal device we've ever created. It is worth the wait."

The new iPhone 6 Plus comes with a 5.5-inch screen, compared to the four-inch
screen of the current generation iPhone 5s, while the iPhone 6, which is also
larger, now coming with a 4.7-inch screen. Both devices also have what Apple
call "ion-strengthened glass" screens.

Mr Cook called the handsets "the biggest advancement in the history of iPhone".

The larger of the two new devices, the 6 Plus, also allows for apps such as
Messages and Mail to be displayed in landscape orientation for the first time.

The firm also unveiled a new processor chip, the A8, which will be used to power
new apps and games. Partnerships with game studios including Disney and EA were
also confirmed on stage by Apple's Phil Schiller.

The Cupertino-based firm had been expected to announce two new iPhones, with
speculation and alleged leaks appearing online over the last few weeks.

The new iPhone devices will ship on September 19, with the company's new mobile
operating system, iOS 8, becoming available on iPhone 4s and above from
September 17.

Both new iPhones will ship on September 19, with the iPhone 6 starting at £539,
and the 6 Plus at £619.

Apple also announced its plans to enter the payment market.

Mr Cook said: "Our vision is to replace the wallet and we're going to start with
payments."

He also called magnetic strips on credit cards "outdated and vulnerable" before
introducing Apple's take on the area.

"We love this kind of problem. This is what Apple does best. We've created a new
payment process and it's called Apple Pay," he added.

The new software uses the fingerprint scanner on your phone and native payment
apps to allow users to pay for products by touching their iPhone to payment
outlets.

It uses near-field communication (NFC) technology, used in existing contactless
payments, and the company's own Passbook app to secure your details.

The Find My iPhone app would be used to track and suspend your account if the
device is stolen.

"We are not in the business of collecting your data", said Apple, confirming
that all Apple Pay transactions are not logged by the company.

Major retailers have already signed up to use Apple Pay in their stores,
including Toys R US and Staples.

Online, it is also possible to pay within some apps. For now, the technology is
just been introduced in the US.

The Apple Watch was described as a comprehensive health and fitness interface,
and the traditional watch crown, which Apple calls the Digital Crown, is used to
control the interface.

Mr Cook compared it to the innovation of the mouse on the Mac, and click wheel
on the iPod. The crown can be used to scroll through lists as well as zoom in on
images and maps.

A huge array of designs and straps were shown on-stage, before the audience rose
to give Mr Cook a standing ovation. "It's incredibly customisable", he said.

"The Apple Watch works directly with iPhone, but has its own native version of
iOS."

Rivals Samsung launched their first smartwatch last year, and currently have
several on the market. This is Apple's first piece of wearable technology and
also follows on from Google introducing their Glass headset, and Android Wear
smartwatches.

The Apple Watch has a flexible Retina display, and the screen can sense force
used when tapping it. Apple also confirmed that the device will come in two
sizes.

There are three collections of the Apple Watch - Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport
and Apple Watch Edition.

The new Apple Watch can be completely customised to suit the style of the user,
and also comes with Apple's voice assistant Siri. It will also work with Apple
Pay.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              780 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           September 15, 2015 Tuesday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

'Plus'-size gain Strong sales for new Apple phones

BYLINE: BY ALEJANDRO ALBA NEW YORK DAILY NEWS With Robert Dominguez

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 253 words


Looks like the latest iPhones may be more popular than their record-setting
predecessors.

Sales for the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus are on track to beat last year's iPhone 6
and 6 Plus first-weekend sales, which set a company record at 10 million units,
Apple said Monday.

"Customer response to iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus has been extremely positive,
and preorders this weekend were very strong around the world," the company said.

The increase in preorders was likely boosted by demand in China, which was
included this year among the countries launching the new devices.

"China demand in particular looks very strong out of the gates and is a positive
sign that the white-hot momentum out of this region shows no signs of abating
despite macro headwinds out of China," Daniel Ives, senior analyst for
technology, media and telecom research at FBR Capital Markets, said in a note.

Apple did not disclose the number of preorders this year, though one analyst
estimated initial weekend sales of up to 13 million units, with 2 million of the
total in the Chinese market.

The tech giant saw its shares jump nearly 2% Monday morning after the
announcement, for a third straight day of gains.

The stock price - down 13% since late July after Apple released a disappointing
quarterly earnings report and China's economy showed signs of slowing down -
closed at $115.31, up 1%.

The upgraded large-screen phones, which were unveiled last week and come with
such new features as 3D Touch, 4K video and Live Photos, will begin shipping
Sept. 25.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: First-weekend iPhone 6s and 6s Plus sales outpaced last year's results.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Daily News, L.P.


                              781 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Business Times Singapore

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

Time for prodigal fan to return to Apple?;
New offerings may just help firm reclaim those on Android's side now

BYLINE: Joyce Hooi

SECTION: TOP STORIES

LENGTH: 564 words


Singapore

AS iPhone mania returned to Singapore on Friday, Apple's new jumbo-sized
offerings might just help it to reclaim consumers who had gone over to the
Android side in order to satisfy their large-screen cravings.

Now that the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus are available, the
jettisoning of other smartphones appears to have begun. Last week, trade-ins of
Samsung phones tripled week on week at US-based smartphone reseller Gazelle Inc,
according to reports. In Singapore, a redistribution of power from Android-based
handsets to iPhones is also likely to play out in similar fashion. "Old Apple
fans will return to the fold now that the phone screen sizes have caught up,"
said Clement Teo, a senior analyst at research firm Forrester.

Apple also has the advantage of timing. Said Ryan Huang, market strategist at
brokerage IG: "Another boost for Apple's market share is its earlier launch.
Despite an earlier unveiling of Samsung Note 4, Singapore is not likely to get
the handset before mid-October, giving Apple a one-month headstart."

The enthralment with the Cupertino firm's creations has not worn off here if the
figures are anything to go by. SingTel did not reveal how many registrations of
interest it received this year, but it said that more than 50,000 customers
tried to book an appointment to buy the new iPhones after getting through the
registration of interest phase. This implies a more enthusiastic response to the
handsets compared to last year when SingTel saw fewer than 40,000 registrations
of interest for the iPhone 5c and 5s. Even so, a record 68,000 people had
registered their interest for the iPhone 5 in the year before that.

The iPhone 6 Plus is sold out across all three telcos but gauging its popularity
relative to the smaller iPhone 6 is difficult, given how the supply of the
former is smaller worldwide, The Business Times understands. But even as
authentic fan frenzy was on display with arguments erupting at some resellers'
outlets here, this year's iPhone turnout had a distinctly scalper undertone.

By Friday afternoon, the new handsets were already listed for sale online, with
profiteers asking for about S$1,500 for an iPhone 6. Elsewhere, the iPhones'
delayed launch in China also created a scalping opportunity, with buyers
snapping up handsets in Sydney in order to resell them on the mainland.

Globally, the new iPhones are expected to outdo their predecessors yet again.
Apple took in more than four million pre-orders for the handsets in the first 24
hours of their launch last week - twice the number received for the iPhone 5 two
years ago. And while first-weekend sales for the iPhone 5s and 5c broke the
nine-million mark, analysts expect that those for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
will hit 10 million units.

Apple's annual product bonanza has also become a re-pricing opportunity for
telcos here. All three players rolled out increases in mobile subscription rates
for new or recontracting customers ranging from S$2 to S$5 a month in the weeks
leading up to the sale of the iPhones. Even so, these phones tend to cost telcos
dearly in terms of handset subsidies, which can, "weigh a bit on telco expenses
for the quarter", said IG's Mr Huang. "This is likely to put a lid on any
earnings upside in the near term, but over the longer term, we should start to
see the price hikes help provide a good lift."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              782 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           January 31, 2015 Saturday

Zong launches iPhones 6 and 6 Plus

SECTION: Vol. LI No. 30

LENGTH: 167  words


Zong, the only 3G and 4G LTE operator in Pakistan officially launched the latest
iPhones 6 &amp; 6 Plus to allow its valued customers to experience and enjoy the
amazing speeds of Zong 4G LTE on these popular smartphones. IPhones are premium
LTE capable smartphones and hence form a perfect combination with speedy Zong 4G
LTE internet.

Zong 4G LTE is unique owing to not only its speed and efficiency but also its
coverage, for it can be enjoyed in 7 major cities of Pakistan. This means that
those purchasing this offer will be able to enjoy 4G LTE internet that is
unparalleled in the market in terms of both speed and coverage. While expressing
his views about the launch of iPhones, Executive Director Commercial Babar Bajwa
said that people will experience a clear difference while using iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus with the Zong 4G LTE network. "Like many other tremendous
initiatives by Zong, this launch is another gift for our valued customers who
are the recipients of exclusive 4G LTE technology.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              783 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           October 7, 2015 Wednesday

iPhone's India launch a bigger affair this time

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 595 words


NEW DELHI: Apple is roping in top telcos Bharti Airtel and Vodafone India as
vendor partners and pulling out all stops to make its iPhone 6S launch in India
a blockbuster that will build on record sales of 1.7 million units in its last
financial year in the world's fastest-growing smartphone market.

For the first time, the Cupertino-based smartphone giant is forging partnerships
with the telcos well in advance of the launch planned for October 16.
Previously, operator plans came out months later.

Consumers can look forward to EMI schemes where they would need to pay only a
small upfront amount and split the remainder up into 12 or 24 monthly
installments, or data-bundling offers with an upfront and equal monthly payments
that will include a specified or even unlimited data, sources said. Analysts
said consumers can also expect plans for device upgrades at the end of a
12-month cycle as there is a significant user base in India willing to shift to
new iPhones year after year.

The tie-ups and offers, as well as the move to start selling in India much
earlier that it usually does after a global launch, underscore the growing
importance of India, which is set to overtake the US as the world's
second-largest smartphone market by 2017. Apple is looking to rapidly add to the
1.7 million units it sold in its financial year ended September 2015, according
to data from Counterpoint Technology Market Research. This was a 55% jump from
almost 1.1 million devices sold in its previous financial year. Apple didn't
comment on the data.

"Vodafone India will offer iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus, the most advanced
iPhones ever, beginning on October 16," a Vodafone India spokesperson said.
Customers can register for the devices beginning October 9 on the company's
website.

India's No. 2 telco didn't disclose plan details. After registration, customers
can choose to buy the phones through an e-commerce partner or at Vodafone's
retail outlets, sources added.

Vodafone had announced a tie-up in January this year, after the then Apple
flagship iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were launched in October 2014. It had introduced
tariff plans based on installments for all its devices, starting from the iPhone
4s.

Bharti Airtel is working on a tie-up with Apple which would be finalized
shortly, a company official said. The country's largest telco, which is heavily
advertising its 4G services, "would want to offer the 4G on iPhone 6S and iPhone
6S Plus," the company official added, indicating that plans for its high-speed
broadband services could be offered as part of a bundled package.

Analysts said Apple's performance in India last year was by far its strongest
yet. The smartphone market in India is currently dominated by Samsung
Electronics and domestic vendors Micromax Informatics and Intex.

"It continues to be a highly aspirational smartphone for the growing urban
smartphone users," said Tarun Pathak, a senior analyst at Hong Kong-based
Counterpoint Research. "Strong momentum of Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus,
which together generated over half of the total iPhones volumes, ensured a
strong fiscal for Apple in India." Apple, which launched the iPhone in 2007,
ignored India for a long time and increased its focus on the market only over
the past couple of years.

In the quarter ended June, iPhone sales grew 93% in the country to 500,000
handsets. The company has set target of selling 12 lakh devices in the
October-December quarter this year, according to reports, and is lining up a
marketing budget upwards of Rs 300 crore.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              784 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          manchestereveningnews.co.uk

                     September 9, 2014 Tuesday 7:59 PM GMT

What you need to know about the iPhone 6;
Apple announced details of the new iPhone 6 at a special event in San Francisco
today

BYLINE: By Justin Connolly

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 341 words


Have you heard? There's a new iPhone coming out. Actually, there are two new
iPhones coming out. And here is all the things you really need to know about it.

1 The iPhone 6 will come in two new sizes, one slightly bigger than the 4in
screen on the iPhone 5S with a 4.7in screen, and one massive one (called iPhone
6 Plus) with a 5.5in screen. The new iOS software will allow you to use a
special iPad-style landscape display which will display some side-list info in
apps like email. The screens are even higher resolution than before, with 401ppi
on the Plus.

2 There's a barometer in the phone which uses air pressure to measure elevation.
In other words, when you're running or cycling with it, it can tell when you're
going uphill and how high you go...

3 The camera is better - in so many ways. Even though the 8MP sensor has the
same number of pixels as in the iPhone 5S, all sorts of tweaks to hardware mean
much better images. There's an all-new sensor, and software improvements bring
faster focusing and image stabilisation. Great improvements, too, to video
capture - especially some wonderful stabilisation, which works wonders with
shaky hands.

4 It'll run iOS 8, obviously, which features all the advantages of improved
messaging, the new health app, and notifications from all your favourite apps.
iOS 8 will be out on September 17 for other devices.

5 A new service - called Apple Pay - will allow you to 'seamlessly' pay for
things with your iPhone 6.  Or at least it will when it's 'eventually' available
in the UK. Al payment info is encrypted in the device and is never seen or
stored by third parties.

6 It will be available on September 16, but you can order one on September 12.
iPhone 6 comes in gold, silver or space grey, and will be available unlocked
from Apple for £539 for the 16GB model, £619 for the 64GB model and, for the
first time, a new 128GB model for £699. iPhone 6 Plus comes in gold, silver or
space grey, and will be available for £619 for the 16GB model, £699 for the 64GB
model and £789 for the new 128GB model.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGMWNGMANC


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              785 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                     October 21, 2014 Tuesday 12:36 AM GMT

New iPhones ring tills for Apple

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 343 words


The record-breaking launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus means that technology
giant Apple has reported net profit of 8.5 billion dollars (£5.3bn) for the
final quarter of 2014.

That figure is one billion higher than the same quarter last year, and revenue
was also up by almost five billion dollars (£3.1bn)

Announcing the results, Apple chief executive Tim Cook said: "Our fiscal 2014
was one for the record books, including the biggest iPhone launch ever with
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

"With amazing innovations in our new iPhones, iPads and Macs, as well as iOS 8
and OS X Yosemite, we are heading into the holidays with Apple's strongest
product line-up ever. We are also incredibly excited about Apple Watch and other
great products and services in the pipeline for 2015."

Apple has refreshed almost its entire product line in the last few months, as
well as entering the wearable technology market for the first time with the
announcement of the Apple Watch, which will go on sale in early 2015.

In September, following the first weekend of sales of the new iPhone 6 and 6
Plus, both of which have the biggest yet screens on Apple's smartphone, the
coming confirmed they had sold more than10 million units in the first three days
of sale - a million more than the previous record.

These results were also an increase on the previous quarter, again by around
five billion dollars. According to the figures released, the firm sold almost 40
million iPhones, as well as 12 million iPads - a drop of 13% - although the
Cupertino, California-based company's latest tablets, the iPad Air 2 and iPad
mini 3 are yet to be launched, with pre-orders only beginning last week.

Increasing competition in the tablet market from the likes of Samsung, Microsoft
and Google is said to be behind the steady decline in iPad sales.

Following the announcement of the results, which are better than anticipated by
analysts, Apple shares rose 1% in after-hours trading.

The results come on the same day that the company's new mobile payment system,
Apple Pay, launched in the US.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2014 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              786 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Yorkshire Post

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday

New iPhones ring tills for Apple

LENGTH: 345  words


The record-breaking launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus means that technology
giant Apple has reported net profit of 8.5 billion dollars (£5.3bn) for the
final quarter of 2014.

That figure is one billion higher than the same quarter last year, and revenue
was also up by almost five billion dollars (£3.1bn).

Announcing the results, Apple chief executive Tim Cook said: "Our fiscal 2014
was one for the record books, including the biggest iPhone launch ever with
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

"With amazing innovations in our new iPhones, iPads and Macs, as well as iOS 8
and OS X Yosemite, we are heading into the holidays with Apple's strongest
product line-up ever. We are also incredibly excited about Apple Watch and other
great products and services in the pipeline for 2015."

Apple has refreshed almost its entire product line in the last few months, as
well as entering the wearable technology market for the first time with the
announcement of the Apple Watch, which will go on sale in early 2015.

In September, following the first weekend of sales of the new iPhone 6 and 6
Plus, both of which have the biggest yet screens on Apple's smartphone, the
coming confirmed they had sold more than 10 million units in the first three
days of sale - a million more than the previous record.

These results were also an increase on the previous quarter, again by around
five billion dollars. According to the figures released, the firm sold almost 40
million iPhones, as well as 12 million iPads - a drop of 13 per cent - although
the Cupertino, California-based company's latest tablets, the iPad Air 2 and
iPad mini 3 are yet to be launched, with pre-orders only beginning last week.

Increasing competition in the tablet market from the likes of Samsung, Microsoft
and Google is said to be behind the steady decline in iPad sales.

Following the announcement of the results, which are better than anticipated by
analysts, Apple shares rose in after-hours trading.

The results come on the same day that the company's new mobile payment system,
Apple Pay, launched in the US.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NLYP


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              787 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Yorkshire Post

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday

New iPhones ring tills for Apple

LENGTH: 345  words


The record-breaking launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus means that technology
giant Apple has reported net profit of 8.5 billion dollars (£5.3bn) for the
final quarter of 2014.

That figure is one billion higher than the same quarter last year, and revenue
was also up by almost five billion dollars (£3.1bn).

Announcing the results, Apple chief executive Tim Cook said: "Our fiscal 2014
was one for the record books, including the biggest iPhone launch ever with
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

"With amazing innovations in our new iPhones, iPads and Macs, as well as iOS 8
and OS X Yosemite, we are heading into the holidays with Apple's strongest
product line-up ever. We are also incredibly excited about Apple Watch and other
great products and services in the pipeline for 2015."

Apple has refreshed almost its entire product line in the last few months, as
well as entering the wearable technology market for the first time with the
announcement of the Apple Watch, which will go on sale in early 2015.

In September, following the first weekend of sales of the new iPhone 6 and 6
Plus, both of which have the biggest yet screens on Apple's smartphone, the
coming confirmed they had sold more than 10 million units in the first three
days of sale - a million more than the previous record.

These results were also an increase on the previous quarter, again by around
five billion dollars. According to the figures released, the firm sold almost 40
million iPhones, as well as 12 million iPads - a drop of 13 per cent - although
the Cupertino, California-based company's latest tablets, the iPad Air 2 and
iPad mini 3 are yet to be launched, with pre-orders only beginning last week.

Increasing competition in the tablet market from the likes of Samsung, Microsoft
and Google is said to be behind the steady decline in iPad sales.

Following the announcement of the results, which are better than anticipated by
analysts, Apple shares rose in after-hours trading.

The results come on the same day that the company's new mobile payment system,
Apple Pay, launched in the US.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NLYP


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              788 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                           November 21, 2015 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

iPhone 6S plus is the gold standard

SECTION: REVIEW;FEATURES; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 666 words


Every time a new iPhone comes out, hordes of people wonder whether they should
upgrade. It's no different with the new iPhone 6S. So should you take the punt?
The 6S may be the latest, but is it the greatest? I've been using the 5.5-inch
6S Plus for the last two weeks. There are a few differences I've noticed between
it and the older 6 Plus model. The one that I'm most fond of is the camera.
Apple has injected extra quality into the lens of its 6S series and it shows.
You now get 12 megapixels instead of 8 (and a 5-megapixel selfie camera with a
new flash feature), which means you get appreciably more definition in images.
To be fair, megapixels are not the be-all and end-all of camera technology: on a
list of priorities, they rank only as middling. But this camera has added other
upgrades, such as a little more optical stabilisation. This means you're less
likely to take a blurry photo at any time. It also means that you can take
photos in lower light.

The combination of these features is powerful. A camera is something I score
heavily when it comes to high-end smartphones. So it's not lightly that I now
regard the 6S camera as probably the best on the market. That is the first time
I would have ever said that about an iPhone camera: while the camera on the 6
and the 6 Plus was very good, it was marginally outshone by the lenses on
Samsung's S6 and Sony's Xperia 5 (and Xperia 3 Plus). But the 6S hits a new
level: photos are very, very vivid. For anyone interested, Apple has also added
4K recording (which is twice the resolution of 'full HD') to the 6S and boosted
its slowmotion mode to 1080p ('full HD'). The aforementioned video stabilisation
also applies to video recording.

The last thing to note about the 6S camera is that it now has a feature called
"live photos" where, once activated, the camera records just over a second of
video footage either side of the moment you snapped to give you context. To be
honest, this is not a feature I have found myself using much.

What else is new on the iPhone 6S? Other than the camera, the biggest new
feature is probably 3D Touch. This is where you press harder on a screen to see
a shortcut menu pop up for certain apps such as Instagram, Photos, Camera or
Mail. It's very handy once you get the hang of it - you can take a shortcut to
writing an email, Facebook, Whatsapp or Snapchat message or post with a single
tap, rather than a couple. A few big third-party apps support it, although none
of Google's apps (Gmail, YouTube, Docs) do yet.

Technically, the 6S has boosted its power by "up to 70pc" over the 6 model,
thanks to Apple's new A9 chip. It comes in 16GB, 64GB and 128GB versions. While
I would recommend getting at least the 64GB version, the 16GB is now doable,
thanks to better memory management by Apple.

Battery life on the 6S Plus is, in my experience, slightly better than the 6
Plus. I have not yet needed to recharge it before 8pm or 9pm on the same day. To
be fair, this could also have something to do with the fact that I'm using a
smartwatch more, meaning that I often now glance at the watch to see whether I
need to engage with a message or notification, rather than taking the phone out
and switching the screen on.

In look and feel, the 6S is almost exactly the same as the former 6 model. It
uses slightly stronger aluminium and glass, which may be Apple's way of nipping
any potential 'bendgate' controversy in the bud.

In general, 'S' models of iPhones tend to stick around longer than non-'S'
models (think about the '4S' and '5S' models compared to their '4' and '5'
counterparts). This may be because once the 'S' model is created, any physical
kinks and quirks of the originating model will have been ironed out through
quality control. Whatever the truth of that, the iPhone 6S is now the best phone
you can get on the market, without any reservation. Perhaps Samsung, Sony and
HTC might come up with something special in the next few months. But for now,
Apple has fully retaken the crown.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: iPhone 6S plus Price: (EURO)869 (16GB) from www.Apple.ie Rating: ?????
HHHHH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              789 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           September 13, 2015 Sunday

iPhone 6s battery is 1715 mAh, smaller than the iPhone 6: report

BYLINE: Tech Desk

LENGTH: 211  words


iPhone 6s comes with a smaller battery than the iPhone 6, says a report on
MacRumors (http://www.macrumors.com/2015/09/09/iphone-6s-1715mah-battery/) The
report is based on Apple (http://indianexpress.com/tag/apple/)'s introducing
iPhone 6s video, where the camera briefly lingers on the battery and users can
see the number 1715 etched on the battery.

This would mean that the iPhone 6s' battery is less than the iPhone 6 which had
a battery capacity of 1810 mAh.

The report adds that Apple has also cut down the iPhone 6s Plus' battery to 2750
mAh from the 2910 mAh in the previous version, although this is yet to be
confirmed.

Apple had said at the launch event that the iPhone 6s battery life would be the
same as the iPhone 6, but the smaller battery size has raised concerned. Apple's
iPhone 6s comes with 3D Touch Display, 12 mp camera, 5 mp front camera, a faster
A9 chip and support for 4K recording.

Battery life has always been the weak point for the Apple's iPhones although the
iPhone 6 saw a marked improvement with up to 14 hours talktime and 10 hours of
Internet use being promised on 3G networks. More details about the Apple iPhone
6s and iPhone 6s Plus battery should emerge once the tear-downs begin post
September 25, when the smartphones go on sale.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              790 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

Yorkers have mixed reactions about new iPhone

BYLINE: By CANDY WOODALL 505-5437/@ydbiz

SECTION: NEWS; Business

LENGTH: 277 words


News reports and photos Friday morning showed eager fans lining up outside of
Apple stores and other retailers to get their fingers on the new iPhone 6.

But long lines   and a high inventory of phones   were hard to come by in York
County.

"Good luck finding people in York who want to dish out that kind of money for a
new phone," said Rob Erwin, a West Manchester Township resident.

Prices range at various retailers and increase or decrease based on storage,
trade-ins and phone service plans.

For example, a new iPhone 6 with 16-gigabytes of storage is $649.99 at Verizon
without a contract or financing plan, or $199.99 with a two-year contract.

Cynthia Zborowski said she and her husband couldn't wait to get their new phones
at the local Verizon store on Friday morning. With an upgrade and new plan, she
expected to spend about $300.

"It's well worth it," the Manchester resident said. "I really like the bigger
screen and clearer picture."

The iPhone 6 has a 4.5-inch touchscreen, and the iPhone 6 Plus has a 5.5-inch
screen   which seems "a million times bigger" than her older model's 4-inch
screen, Zborowski said.

While some York County residents left the Verizon store at 2196 White St. in
West Manchester Township with phones in hand, others were disappointed they
couldn't buy them yet.

Heather Backus was surprised when she left Walmart at West Manchester Mall.

"They don't have the new phones in the store yet, but you can get an old iPhone
for 97 cents. I'm thinking of getting those as Christmas presents," the West
York resident.

To learn more about the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, visit www.apple.com.

Reach Candy Woodall at cwoodall@yorkdispatch.com

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A customer looks at the screen size on the new iPhone 6 Plus while
waiting in line to upgrade his iPhone at a Verizon Wireless store in Flowood,
Miss., Friday, Sept. 19, 2014. A small line of people began an overnight wait to
insure they were able to purchase the specific model they sought. (AP
Photo/Rogelio V. Solis)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              791 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday
                              CourierMail Edition

WARPER-GATE HITS APPLE

BYLINE: Rod Chester National technology writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 176  words


IS THAT a bent iPhone 6 Plus in your pocket or are you just not so happy to see
an unwanted feature in your new Apple phablet?

Just days after the most successful launch of an iPhone for Apple come
unconfirmed reports from some disgruntled iPhone 6 Plus owners who say their
phone has developed a kink from bending in their hip pocket when they sit down.

Users have circulated images online of iPhone 6 Plus phones with a distinct bend
in them.

One person, identifying themselves as Hanzoh on the Mac-rumours forum, said he
took his new phone to a wedding, which involved eight hours of driving, dancing
and sitting at dinner.

"As I lay it on the coffee table and sat down on the couch to relax from the
drive (yes, sitting again), I saw the reflection of the window in the iPhones
slightly distorted."Apple has yet to comment on the claims that the super-slim
14cm (5.5-inch) phone is prone to bending into unwanted shapes but there have
been suggestions from some that if you're a bloke planning to get an iPhone 6
Plus, you might want to carry it in a man purse.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Courier-Mail


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              792 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 29, 2015 Thursday
                                 Delhi Edition

CO INVESTING IN INDIA FOR LONG TERM: COOK Skyhigh Prices may've Brought Apple to
Earth

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: THE ECONOMIC TIMES

LENGTH: 648 words


Apple has acknowledged that the higher pricing of iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in India
and some other markets due to foreign exchange fluctuations has had an impact on
their sales, but said it's investing for long term in the country .

"We've adjusted some prices around the world for the launch of iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus... Obviously when we increase prices around the world, it's normal to see
some impact on sales rates," Luca Maestri, Apple's chief financial officer, said
in response to a query about the currency movement and impact on demand in terms
of volume units and revenues in some regions like India, Japan, and parts of
Europe during the Cupertino-based company's fourth quarter earnings call on
Wednesday . But Maestri also said it was too early to arrive at any conclusion.

"...because the phones have been out there just for four weeks, so it's bit
early to tell. But so far we were encouraged by the response," the Apple CFO
said.

ET was the first to report about lower-than-expected demand for the new iPhones
in the country due to high prices with consumers either buying from the grey
market at substantially lower prices or waiting for a price crash or online
discounts earlier this month.

The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are selling at Rs 62,000-Rs 92,000 depending on memory
and model, Rs 8,5009,500 more than the last year's launch price of iPhone 6 and
6 Plus and also Rs 14,000-16,000 costlier than their prices in global markets
like the US, Middle East, Singapore and Hong Kong. Apple's trade partners in
India attributed the huge price difference of the new iPhones between India and
many global markets to two factors: depreciation of the rupee against dollar
whereby Apple had hedged the currency exchange rate, and higher tax, with
imported smartphones attracting 11.5% more tax than locally assembled ones while
this difference was just 5% last year.

But Apple remains optimistic about its long-term prospects in India. Its chief
executive officer Tim Cook, in Wednesday's earnings call, said the company was
investing for the long term in a few markets like India where factors like
currency were "transitional kind of thing". "I was really impressed last quarter
with our progress in Vietnam and Indonesia and India among others," he said.

DISCOUNT PUSH

Apple said iPhone sales in South

Asia, including India, during the July-September quarter was up by 35%. Analysts
say sales during this quarter in India were driven by ag gressive online
discount on iPhone's earlier models.

"In India the demand situation is still not vibrant for the new iPhones," the
chief executive offi cer of a leading cell phone retai chain said. "In fact,
there is suffi cient stock in India compared with markets like the US and China
where demand is still more than supply," said the CEO requesting not to be
named.

Most big mobile and consumer electronics retail chains and even large ecommerce
firms said sales of the new iPhones were at best matching last year, while some
re ported 20%-50% lower demand compared with last year's demand for iPhone 6 and
6 Plus. Incidental ly, Apple was targeting a two-to three fold jump in sales of
the new iPhones leading up to Diwali.

Apple Inc on Wednesday reported 63% growth in revenues from emerging markets at
$79 billion, or about Rs 5,12,500 crore, for the fis cal year ended September
2015 Cook said the company achieved this despite "very strong head winds" from
foreign exchange rates. Apple also posted largest ab solute revenue growth ever,
grow ing by 28% at $234 billion, or about Rs 15,18,000 crore.

The company had last month an nounced that it sold more than 13 million units of
iPhones 6s and 6s Plus models in 12 markets includ ing the US and China in just
three days after launch, setting a new re cord for the company .

The company management dur ing the call on Wednesday also said the new iPhones
were selling more than last year's launch.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              793 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           October 7, 2015 Wednesday

Apple to partner Vodafone, Airtel for iPhone 6s India launch

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 594 words


NEW DELHI: Apple is roping in top telcos Bharti Airtel and Vodafone India as
vendor partners and pulling out all stops to make its iPhone 6s launch in India
a blockbuster that will build on record sales of 1.7 million units in its last
financial year in the world's fastest-growing smartphone market.

For the first time, the Cupertinobased smartphone giant is forging partnerships
with the telcos well in advance of the launch planned for October 16.
Previously, operator plans came out months later.

Consumers can look forward to EMI schemes where they would need to pay only a
small upfront amount and split the remainder up into 12 or 24 monthly
instalments, or data-bundling offers with an upfront and equal monthly payments
that will include a specified or even unlimited data, sources said. Analysts
said consumers can also expect plans for device upgrades at the end of a
12-month cycle as there is a significant user base in India willing to shift to
new iPhones year after year.

The tie-ups and offers, as well as the move to start selling in India much
earlier that it usually does after a global launch, underscore the growing
importance of India, which is set to overtake the US as the world's
second-largest smartphone market by 2017. Apple is looking to rapidly add to the
1.7 million units it sold in its financial year ended September 2015, according
to data from Counterpoint Technology Market Research. This was a 55% jump from
almost 1.1 million devices sold in its previous financial year. Apple didn't
comment on the data.

"Vodafone India will offer iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the most advanced
iPhones ever, beginning on October 16," a Vodafone India spokesperson said.
Customers can register for the devices beginning October 9 on the company's
website.

India's No. 2 telco didn't disclose plan details. After registration, customers
can choose to buy the phones through an ecommerce partner or at Vodafone's
retail outlets, sources added.

Vodafone had announced a tie-up in January this year, after the then Apple
flagship iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were launched in October 2014. It had introduced
tariff plans based on instalments for all its devices, starting from the iPhone
4s.

Bharti Airtel is working on a tie-up with Apple which would be finalised
shortly, a company official said. The country's largest telco, which is heavily
advertising its 4G services, "would want to offer the 4G on iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus," the company official added, indicating that plans for its high-speed
broadband services could be offered as part of a bundled package.

Analysts said Apple's performance in India last year was by far its strongest
yet. The smartphone market in India is currently dominated by Samsung
Electronics and domestic vendors Micromax Informatics and Intex.

"It continues to be a highly aspirational smartphone for the growing urban
smartphone users," said Tarun Pathak, a senior analyst at Hong Kong-based
Counterpoint Research. "Strong momentum of Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus,
which together generated over half of the total iPhones volumes, ensured a
strong fiscal for Apple in India." Apple, which launched the iPhone in 2007,
ignored India for a long time and increased its focus on the market only over
the past couple of years.

In the quarter ended June, iPhone sales grew 93% in the country to 500,000
handsets. The company has set target of selling 12 lakh devices in the
October-December quarter this year, according to reports, and is lining up a
marketing budget upwards of Rs 300 crore.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              794 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                       May 12, 2015 Tuesday 11:39 AM EST

iPhone 6s to feature 2GB of RAM, Force Touch, sturdier aluminum frame and much
more

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 681  words


Click for image

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus incorporated what were arguably the most significant
upgrades Apple's smartphone had ever seen. In addition to much larger screens,
the iPhone 6 models also introduced to Apple Pay, Cupertino's take on mobile
payments.

Not surprisingly, iPhone 6 sales have been record-setting, which of course leads
one to wonder what Apple has planned in order keep its iPhone sales momentum
going strong.

Well, thanks to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, we now know a whole lot
more about what type of new features we can expect to see in Apple's next-gen
iPhone models.

One of the more exciting things about Apple's upcoming iPhones, according to
Kuo, and originally relayed by GforGames, is that they will finally come with
2GB of RAM. With more RAM in tow, next-gen iPhones will likely run a bit
smoother, a bit faster, and will be able to handle more intensive apps.

Kuo also reveals that Apple's upcoming iPhone 6s models will be powered by a
next-gen A9 processor. This tidbit shouldn't come as too much of a surprise
given that Apple has continuously enhanced the iPhone's processor each and every
year.

Some other new features to look forward to include a stronger caliber of
aluminum for the device's casing. While it's unclear if this was Apple's plan
all along, some are speculating that Apple is making the iPhone frame more
durable due to the overblown controversy that was bendgate. Also on the agenda
is an improved 12 megapixel camera. It's worth noting, though, that camera
quality isn't solely a function of megapixels. To that end, expect to see Apple
really up the ante in terms of photographic performance with some additional
software tweaks.

As if that weren't enough, Kuo also writes that Apple's next-gen iPhone models
will feature Force Touch functionality, similar to what Apple has implemented on
the Apple Watch and the recently released MacBook. It remains to be seen how
Force Touch might be implemented on the iPhone, but it certainly presents some
intriguing use-case scenarios. Intriguingly, Kuo writes that Force Touch may be
positioned as the iPhone's most attractive feature.

Touch ID will reportedly be getting an upgrade as well. Echoing similar reports
from earlier in the year, Kuo relays that Touch ID will be both quicker and more
reliable on account of enhanced Touch ID sensors.

Now, if you remember the run-up to the iPhone 6, you might also remember the
bevy of rumors surrounding sapphire displays. At the time, it was largely
assumed that Apple, thanks to its partnership with GT Advanced Technologies, was
going to release a scratch-proof smartphone with a sapphire display. But as it
turned out, GT Advanced Technologies filed for bankruptcy after failing to meet
some of Apple's stringent testing requirements. Well, sapphire displays may be
back on the agenda for this upcoming release cycle. To that end, Kuo writes that
there may be a limited edition model of the iPhone 6s with a sapphire display.
If this is in fact the case, expect Apple to charge a bit of a premium for it.
Some believe that Apple may gauge the interest in such a device in order to
determine if its entire iPhone lineup should get the sapphire treatment in the
future.

GforGames adds:

More interestingly is that the report claims that if certain yield issues will
be overcome, the 5.5-inch iPhone 6s Plus might come with a sapphire covered
display. Almost all hope for a sapphire display on an iPhone has been lost last
year when Apple's supplier, GT Advanced, went bankrupt. One source that relied
KGI's report says that Apple plans for a Limited iPhone 6s Plus edition with a
sapphire display as opposed to the new material being applied to the whole 6s
Plus line.

And finally, Kuo relays that Apple this September may introduce a new Rose Gold
color option for the iPhone.

All things considered, it looks as if Apple's next-gen iPhone will provide a
compelling upgrade opportunity for existing iPhone owners. While there may not
be an overwhelming "must-have" feature, all of the incremental upgrades, taken
together, are certainly compelling.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              795 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                           October 29, 2014 Wednesday

[Newsmaker] New iPhones set to hit Korean shelves

LENGTH: 467 words


The worldwide craze over the new iPhones will hit the South Korean market on
Friday when the iPhone 6 and its variant the 6 Plus go on sale here.

This time, the so-called iPhone effect will have a more significant impact on
the Korean smartphone market than ever, according to industry watchers.

The first round of preorders was filled last Friday by the mobile carriers SK
Telecom, KT and LG Uplus in less than 30 minutes.

It is estimated that the total number of preorders will reach at least 80,000
units â[#x20ac]o 50,000 via KT and 20,000 via LGUplus with the rest through SK
Telecom â[#x20ac]o surpassing the 30,000 units of Samsung Electronics' flagship
Galaxy Note 4 preordered here.

A customer tries to decide between an iPhone 6 Plus (left) and iPhone 6 during
the sales launch at the Apple Inc. store in New York on Sept. 19. (Bloomberg)

Though the battle has just begun, the latest figures are especially meaningful
for Apple since the California-based firm has thrashed Samsung on its home turf.

Apple currently accounts for less than 6 percent of the market share here, while
the Korean smartphone manufacturer boasts a 63 percent market share, according
to market researcher Counter Point Research.

Some market analysts predicted that Apple could secure a record-high market
share in Korea thanks to the 4.7-inch iPhone and the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus.

Pressured by the U.S. tech giant, Samsung recently reduced the prices of some of
its smartphones, including the Galaxy S4 LTE-A, while LG cut the prices of its
mid-range G3 Beat and G3A.

Samsung, which released the Galaxy Note 4 on Sept. 26 in Korea weeks before the
launch of the iPhones, also started selling the flagship smartphone Galaxy Note
Edge, featuring a curved display on the right-hand side of the device, from
Tuesday.

"There are not many options for Samsung and LG to counter the iPhone 6 and
low-budget Chinese smartphones except for cutting the prices of their products,"
Kim Young-chan, an analyst from Shinhan Investment wrote in a report.

He predicted that the iPhones will outsell the Galaxy Note 4 by tenfold, with 80
million units shipped worldwide in the October-December period.

Other market watchers also are expressing doubts about the performance of Korean
tech giants.

"It seems inevitable for Samsung and LG to be affected by Apple's new devices,
which show off better integration between hardware and software and user
experience than those of the local firms," said an industry official who
declined to be named.

When the new Apple devices arrive in Seoul, the front pages of local newspapers
and online news sites will be once again be plastered with pictures of customers
lining up â[#x20ac]o with some even camping out â[#x20ac]o in front of Apple
shops and other retailers to get their hands on the devices.

By Kim Young-won (wone0102@heraldcorp.c

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              796 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

China regulator approves iPhone 6 for sale in China

LENGTH: 288  words


Apple Inc's iPhone 6 can now be sold in China, after the company received a
license for the device to be used on China's wireless networks.

A customer holds an iPhone 6 (R) and iPhone 6 Plus after the phones went on sale
at the Fifth Avenue Apple store in Manhattan, New York Sept 19,
2014.[Photo/Agencies]

Apple Inc's iPhone 6 can now be sold in China, after the firm received a licence
for the device to be used on China's wireless networks.

The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT) said on its website
on Tuesday that it had approved the iPhone 6 after Apple addressed potential
security risks that could allow personal data to leak.

The iPhone 6 had been released in other countries, including the United States,
on September 19 but Apple did not give a release data for China.

The approval paves the way for Apple to sell the iPhone 6 in China, the world's
largest smartphone market and one of Apple's biggest for iPhone sales. Analysts
expect the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus to sell well in China, where many people prefer
phones with larger screens.

The MIIT said it had conducted "rigorous security testing" on the iPhone 6, and
that it had held talks with Apple on the issue. Apple also shared with the
ministry materials related to the potential security issues, which it said were
related to diagnostic tools, the statement said.

Apple sold a record 10 million units of the iPhone 6 models in the first weekend
after their launch, which excluded China. Last year, the US tech firm sold 9
million iPhone 5S and 5C models in 11 countries, including China, in the same
period.

Apple was not available for immediate comment.

IPhone 6 sets records, but problems quickly emerge
Apple fans line up around the world for iPhone 6

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              797 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                    February 18, 2015 Wednesday 7:01 AM GMT

NatWest and RBS launch access to accounts at the touch of a finger;
Banks' new app will allow customers with iPhones 5S and later secure access to
their accounts using Apple's Touch ID

BYLINE: Patrick Collinson and Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: MONEY

LENGTH: 324 words


Customers of NatWest and Royal Bank of Scotland will no longer have to remember
their passwords and be able to access their bank accounts online with just a
touch of their fingerprint - but only if they have an Apple iPhone.

From 19 February, NatWest and RBS customers with an iPhone 5S, iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus will be able to access their bank account online using Apple's
Touch ID fingerprint sensor, in what the bank claims is a first in Britain.

Apple's fingerprint sensor - a detection ring built in to the home button - was
introduced in 2013, and has quickly proven to be one of the best fingerprint
scanning implementations available. Now present on the iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus,
iPad Air 2 and iPad Mini 3, Touch ID allows users to securely unlock their
devices and authenticate purchases via iTunes or the App Store with just their
finger or thumb, removing the need to constantly enter in their passwords.

The list of third-party apps adopting Touch ID to secure their contents or
authenticate purchases has expanded in recent months with apps including
Evernote and Dropbox, password managers such as LastPass and 1Password, and
shops such as Amazon all now supporting the fingerprint sensor.

A spokesman for RBS NatWest said: "Never has banking for UK customers been more
at their fingertips, or fingerprints. RBS and NatWest customers will be the
first of any UK-based bank to be able to log in to their mobile banking app
using only their fingerprint. The technology recognises customers' unique finger
print so they don't have to remember a tricky login passcode."

RBS said nearly half of its 15 million customers actively use online banking,
with more than 3 million customers using the mobile app every week. It estimates
that it has around 1.8 million active iPhone users, of which 880,000 use an
iPhone 5s, iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 plus. It says 167,000 customers use the banking
app each day on their way to work between 7am and 8am.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              798 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Pakistan Today

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Apple plays defense on iPhone 6 bending, software concerns

LENGTH: 498  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


Apple Inc broke its silence on complaints about bending iPhones, hours after
withdrawing a glitch-ridden software update as the company struggles to restore
momentum to the rollout of its latest phones.

"With normal use, a bend in iPhone is extremely rare and through our first six
days of sale, a total of nine customers have contacted Apple with a bent iPhone
6 Plus," Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller said in an email.

Apple shares closed down nearly 4 percent at $97.87 on Thursday, wiping out
nearly $23 billion in market value.

The new phones face criticism over their bendability, dubbed "bendgate". Social
media and online forums have been abuzz with comments about how the new phones
can bend when placed in back pockets or while wearing skinny jeans.

Apple said its iPhones feature stainless steel and titanium inserts to reinforce
high-stress locations and use the strongest glass in the smartphone industry.

The only way an iPhone may have bent is if someone put it in their back pocket
and sat on the phone for a very long time, said Laban Roomes, chief executive of
Goldgenie, which customizes and gold plates iPhones.

Apple was also forced to withdraw a faulty update to its latest operating system
after some users of its new phones complained of call service disruptions.

"We apologize for the great inconvenience experienced by users," Muller said.

Apple said on its website it was working on an iOS update to fix the issue, and
will release it in the next few days.

"I do believe this speaks to execution issues at Apple," said JMP Securities
analyst Alex Gauna. "At the end of the day I believe this too shall pass, but we
are noting with concern that the miscues pile up."

Apple said on Monday it had shipped 10 million units of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

Users of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus also complained about the inability to use the
fingerprint-reading Touch ID after updating to iOS 8.0.1.

Some users had complained of "sluggish Wi-Fi and dwindling battery life" after
moving to iOS 8, Time magazine reported earlier this week.

On Thursday, Apple issued a step-by-step guide for users to reinstall iOS 8,
launched last week, through the latest version of iTunes. The health app will
not work for now and will be fixed in the next software update, the company
said.

Customers might, however, hope for replacements for their bent iPhones,
depending on whether their devices passed an inspection, tech news website The
Next Web reported, quoting an Apple support executive.

"It's not game over for Apple, but nor should we give them a pass on this,"
Gauna said.

Cases of bent iPhones 5 and 5s had been reported in 2013 by Cult of Mac, a
website that exclusively covers Apple.

Rival smartphone makers took digs at Apple's problems.

A Samsung Electronics Co Ltd advertisement showcased a bending phone against its
own product, while BlackBerry Ltd  CEO John Chen said: "I would challenge you
guys to bend our Passport."

Nestle SA's Kit-Kat chocolate wafer brand tweeted "We don't bend, we break".

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              799 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Apple deals with user complaints after debut of new iPhone models;
Criticism plagues company after record-breaking sales, prompting a public
apology

BYLINE: Tim Higgins and Adam Satariano Bloomberg

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 790 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Apple Inc. chief executive officer Tim Cook called the introduction of the
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus over the weekend the "best launch ever." He may have spoken
too soon.

Just three days after announcing that Apple had sold a record 10 million new
iPhones over the opening weekend, Cook was faced with multiple snafus related to
the bigger-screen handsets.

The company pulled a new mobile-software update, dubbed iOS 8.0.1, after the
program caused some people to lose cellular service, and promised a fix soon.
Scores of consumers also took to social media to criticize the 6 Plus and how it
can bend if sat on or if enough pressure is placed upon it.

The stumbles blemished what had been a carefully choreographed product unveiling
that was meant to put Cook's stamp on Apple. Executives at the Cupertino,
Calif.-based company had for months teased the introduction of the new iPhones
before finally debuting them on Sept. 9. The devices spurred a frenzy of demand,
with preorders topping four million, the record weekend sales and a thriving
grey market for the smartphones in China and elsewhere.

Now Cook's rollout of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus is marred, recalling incidents
that the CEO has faced with other product debuts. Last year, Cook apologized for
the iPhone's warranty and repair policies in China after receiving criticism
from state-run media over customer service in the market. In 2012, Cook also
said he was sorry for Apple's malfunctioning mapping software, which was faulted
for misguided directions and inaccurate landmark locations.

"I just wish that Tim Cook had a better handle on things," said Jason Nochimson,
34, an iPhone 6 owner who spent 2-1/2 hours on Apple's customer support line
after downloading the software upgrade Wednesday and finding it stopped his
cellular service.

"I was worried that my daughter's school was going to call me today and I wasn't
going to be able to get them," Nochimson said.

Apple said in an emailed statement that it has devised a workaround for iPhone 6
users who lost voice service or other features. Users can reinstall the previous
version of iOS to restore past functionality and Apple plans to release a new
version of the operating system, iOS 8.0.2, in the next few days.

"We apologize for the great inconvenience experienced by users," Apple said in
the statement.

The new iPhones are crucial to Apple. The devices generate more than half of the
company's annual $171 billion (U.S.) in revenue and precede a swath of other
products, including new iPads, an Apple Watch and a mobile-payments system
called Apple Pay.

Yet while Cook deals with consumer criticism over his handling of the iPhone
rollout, the issues may have little impact on Apple's sales. Demand for the new
handsets has the company poised to sell more than 61 million iPhones in the
December quarter, surpassing last year's record 51 million sold, according to
Barclays.

Sales are also set to pick up - not decelerate - as the new iPhones become
available in more countries. On Sept. 19, the first day the handsets went on
sale in stores, Apple rolled them out in 10 countries. The company is set to
introduce the gadgets in another 22 countries on Friday. The iPhones will be in
115 countries by the end of the year, Apple has said.

"It will do nothing, I don't suspect it will dampen any demand," said Tim
Bajarin, an analyst at Creative Strategies Inc., about concerns over bending
phones and iOS problems.

Still, some consumers are thinking twice about buying the devices in the wake of
Wednesday's snafus. After having problems with Apple's new software upgrade to
his old iPhone, James Zahrt, a customer since 1989, decided to put off a new
smartphone purchase.

"I was going to order one immediately" but now "I'm going to wait," said Zahrt,
58, of Mount Prospect, Ill., who's had troubles with his iPhone 4s's alarm clock
working properly since downloading Apple's iOS 8 software last week.

"I think the bugs need to be worked out on this thing," Zahrt said.

Frustrations about iOS 8 had been mounting even before Wednesday, with user
complaints that their devices' battery life seemed to have dwindled after
downloading the software, along with data showing applications were more likely
to crash with the operating system.

According to Crittercism Inc., an analytics firm, iOS 8 causes apps to crash
about 3.3 per cent of the time, or 67 per cent more than last year's version.

While glitches aren't unusual for software updates, Apple attracts more
attention, said Frank Gillett, an analyst at Forrester Research.

"Apple is a bit of lightning rod or a focus because as a company, they inspire a
lot of positive and negative passion and also because they are now this company
with a global brand and global reach," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple CEO Tim Cook is dealing with a multitude of issues after the
launch of their newest smartphone devices, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. One analyst
says the problems won't dampen demand. Jeff Chiu/The Associated Press File Photo

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2014 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              800 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

SKYWORKS SOLUTION Hot Chipmaker Skyworks Called "Big Winner' In iPhone 6

BYLINE: MARILYN MUCH

SECTION: THE NEW AMERICA; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 933 words


How sweet is it to win a slice of the Apple iPhone 6 business?

It should be like candy for analog chipmaker and IBD Leaderboard stock Skyworks
Solutions, a key supplier for the new Apple smartphone.

The Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus use chips from Skyworks, Avago Technologies
and other firms, according to findings from tech repair firm iFixit, which
opened up iPhones bought in Melbourne, Australia.

Multiple power amplifier components from Skyworks were found in the iPhone 6
teardowns, Sterne Agee analyst Vijay Rakesh told IBD.

In terms of iPhone 6 component suppliers, "big winners" are Skyworks, Avago and
NXP Semiconductors "with content up 30%-90% from previous iPhone 5 s models," he
said in a research note.

Rakesh estimates about $4 worth of content comes from Skyworks in every new
iPhone 6. The opportunity for Skyworks, he adds, depends on the number of
iPhones Apple sells.

He cites Apple's Sept. 22 announcement that it sold over 10 million new iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus models, a record, just three days after the launch Sept. 19.

"Apple is always a big catalyst for all smartphone component suppliers," Rakesh
said.

Stock Amps Up

Skyworks' stock on Sept. 19 notched its highest closing price since 2000, ending
at 57.68 after the Apple iPhone 6 teardown news. It closed up 3.4% Wednesday to
58.84. But Skyworks powered up well before the Apple iPhone 6 debut. It has
gained 106% this year.

In an interview with IBD, Skyworks CEO David Aldrich would not comment on
whether Skyworks is a supplier for the iPhone 6, although the iFixit teardowns
found the technology inside.

"I am not at liberty to comment about specific companies," he said. "But
Skyworks has become very successful at increasing our content with all of our
smartphone customers."

Skyworks develops and manufacturers high-performance analog semiconductor
products. Its portfolio includes amplifiers, attenuators, battery chargers,
circulators, DC/DC converters, demodulators, detectors, diodes, directional
couplers and infrastructure RF (radio frequency) subsystems.

Its semiconductors enable wireless connectivity in smartphones, tablets and
other devices.

Leveraging core technologies, Skyworks supports automotive, broadband, wireless
infrastructure, energy management, GPS, industrial, medical, military, wireless
networking, smartphone and tablet applications.

Skyworks has been on a roll on the financial front. It's seen double-digit sales
and earnings growth in all but one of the past seven quarters. Its growth
accelerated in the most recent quarter to the fastest pace since mid-2011.
Earnings rose 54% to 83 cents a share. Sales climbed 35% to $587 million.

Connectivity Is The Key

What's been fueling growth at Skyworks?

"Fortunately for us, the growth is being driven from both a market and product
standpoint," Aldrich told IBD. "We've worked very hard over the past decade to
diversify our business into a broader set of markets and to produce more
products and solutions. At the core is connectivity in all its forms, whether
that is through a smartphone or an automobile or the home, which is becoming
increasingly connected in many ways."

He said on a July conference call for Q3 of fiscal 2014: "Our business results
are being fueled by a surge in global adoption of connectivity in all its forms
across a diverse set of end markets. We are riding a wave of powerful underlying
market forces, all enabled by the availability of efficient, high-performance
connectivity solutions."

Among these forces, he said, are "the enabling of billions of unconnected users
with first-time Internet access in the emerging economies; advancing new forms
of content delivery, such as streaming music services, on-demand media and
over-the-content distribution; and supporting cloud services and mobile
ecommerce."

Skyworks' technology has its largest presence in smartphones, Aldrich told IBD.

In the past couple of quarters, smartphones and tablets have been big growth
drivers, he adds, whether it's increasing Skyworks' content in these products by
providing more complete solutions or by gaining market share.

"In general, smartphones are becoming more complicated and complex," he said.
"They need to operate over many frequencies having more functionality."

Skyworks provides a lot of the technology that goes into the more sophisticated
smartphones such as solutions that support GPS and high-resolution cameras.

Another growth driver: "Skyworks has been very successful at capturing
developing economic markets like China and penetrating new regions of the world
that are deploying connectivity in a big way," said Aldrich.

He points out that Skyworks is penetrating markets outside Europe and North
America, with many Chinese buying smartphones for the first time.

As for the future: "Skyworks is entering a new and exciting growth phase driven
by global wireless proliferation and the Internet of Things," said Aldrich in a
statement announcing Q3 results. "Quite simply, we are capitalizing on the macro
trend to connect virtually everyone and everything, all the time. Our
high-performance analog solutions and system-level integration capabilities
coupled with our operational agility and scalability are enabling us to connect
the previously unconnected."

Skyworks is a part of IBD's Electronic-Semiconductor Manufacturing industry
group. It has the highest Composite Rating in the group, with a 99 out of a
possible 99.

Key customers include Cisco Systems, General Electric, Google, Honeywell, Nokia
and Samsung Electronics. It competes with firms such as Analog Devices, Avago,
Hittite Microwave and Linear Technology.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              801 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                           November 5, 2014 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Buying or selling a used iPhone now made easy

SECTION: LIVE IT!; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 157 words


The $700-plus price tag of an Apple iPhone 6 and 6 Plus could leave you hanging
onto your old cellphone. But Orchard, a Toronto-based startup, could help you
finally bite into the market for Apple products, or help you replace one you've
lost.

The company is helping consumers take advantage of the news that Apple sold 10
million devices during the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus's opening weekend in September.

This spike in upgrading means a boost to the iPhone resale market, with the
price of a 5S, 5 or 4S dropping at double the rate of last year, according to
Orchard co-founder Bruno Wong. Orchard promises a safe, convenient way to buy or
sell used iPhones. Consumers can save more than $150 on an iPhone 5S compared to
buying new, says Wong, who adds 60 per cent of his customers say they looked
into a new iPhone, but found it too expensive.

See Getorchard.com for more information. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2014 Postmedia Network
Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The Vancouver Province
                              All Rights Reserved


                              802 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday
                                 Early Edition

Buying a used iPhone made easy

SECTION: ARTS &; LIFE; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 164 words


Technology The $700-plus price tag of an Apple iPhone 6 and 6 Plus could leave
you hanging onto your old cellphone. But Orchard, a Toronto-based startup, could
help you finally bite into the market for Apple products, or help you replace
one you've lost.

The company is helping consumers take advantage of the news that Apple sold 10
million devices during the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus's opening weekend in September.

This spike in consumers upgrading means a boost to the iPhone resale market,
with the price of a 5S, 5 or 4S dropping at double the rate of last year,
according to Bruno Wong, cofounder of Orchard, which promises to provide a safe,
convenient way to buy or sell used iPhones.

Consumers can save more than $150 on an iPhone 5S compared to buying new, says
Wong, who adds that 60 per cent of Orchard's customers say they looked into a
new iPhone but found it too expensive.

See Getorchard.com for more information. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2014 Postmedia Network
Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Calgary Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              803 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

An iPhone That Keeps Apple's Promises

BYLINE: By BRIAN X. CHEN

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; TECH FIX; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1458 words


Apple's iPhone, just short of 10 years old, has hit puberty.

Like adolescents coping with awkward changes to their bodies, the iPhone 7, due
for release on Friday, introduces some uncomfortable transitions. They include
the much ballyhooed removal of the headphone jack and the replacement of the
physical home button with a virtual one.

For Apple customers, this creates a difficult choice. While upgrading iPhones in
the past was typically a no-brainer, now people must wrestle with whether to
deal with the hassle of having no audio jack. Many people could simply upgrade
to last year's model, the iPhone 6S, which is also a fast phone with great
cameras and still has the jack.

Yet after testing the new iPhone 7 and its larger sibling, the 7 Plus, for five
days, I have hopped on the 7 train. While it is irritating not to have an audio
jack -- Apple nixed the 3.5 millimeter port to make room for faster chips,
better batteries and to make the iPhone water-resistant -- and the older
physical home button feels better to press than the new virtual one, the new
iPhones deliver on Apple's promises.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are tremendously fast -- more than double the speed of
the two-year-old iPhone 6 -- and their cameras produce superb, vivid photos. The
battery life is improved, and the iPhones survived water torture tests.

And after a while, I didn't miss the headphone jack as much as I thought. Apple
is pushing people toward wireless earphones with the introduction of AirPods,
its first wireless earbuds, which I tried. I found AirPods to be a decent first
attempt at wireless audio, though there were glitches.

The bottom line: Those who have been waiting years to buy a new phone are in
store for a major upgrade with the iPhone 7.

Why you don't need a jack

When rumors surfaced about the iPhone 7, they centered on Apple's omission of
the decades-old headphone jack, one of the longest surviving technology
standards. The now-discontinued port let consumers plug many accessories in,
including speakers, earphones and credit card readers. Now the new iPhones have
only one port for hooking up accessories: Apple's proprietary Lightning
connector that was traditionally used for charging the iPhone's battery.

Apple understood that parting with the audio jack would be painful. So it made
two moves:

1) The new iPhones include a converter, or a dongle with a Lightning connector
on one side, for plugging into the iPhone, and an audio port on the other end,
for plugging in an audio accessory.

2) Also included in the box: A pair of wired earbuds with a Lightning connector.

For iPhone owners who relied on Apple's included earbuds, the Lightning earbuds
solve that problem. But for consumers hoarding lots of wired audio gear, the
converter solution is less convenient since the adapter is tiny and easy to
lose. If you have a pair of great wired headphones, your best bet is to leave
the converter connected to the headphones so you don't forget it.

The most convenient workaround to not having a headphone jack is to make the
leap to wireless earphones. Apple's wireless AirPods, due for release in
October, cost $159 and come in a box that resembles a dental-floss dispenser.
They connect to the iPhone's Bluetooth connection via a proprietary chip in the
earphones, called W1.

This makes setting AirPods up extremely easy: When you open the box next to the
iPhone, the earphones automatically pair with the device. (The box also charges
AirPods.) From there, you simply put the earphones on and start listening to
music or podcasts; removing the earphones causes the audio to pause.

Here is where AirPods fell short for me: Sometimes when listening to podcasts, a
glitch caused the podcasts to rewind and replay a small segment -- an eerie
echo. In addition, when using AirPods outside, there was occasional
interference, causing the audio to crackle and cut out.

An Apple spokeswoman said the company was looking into the podcast issue, adding
that the AirPods I tested were early hardware and that bugs should be resolved
by the time they are released next month.

Over all, AirPods sound decent, with loud bass and clear audio quality,
comparable to the wired earbuds that Apple has included in iPhones for years.
They aren't, however, sufficient for drowning out the thunderous prattle of a
loud co-worker.

While AirPods do a good job staying in your ears, they look odd, like dangling
short white stubs. They evoked mockery from one of my editors, who said,
''Cigarettes belong in your mouth, not your ears, Brian.''

I recommend waiting for Apple to fix the issues with AirPods before considering
them. Meanwhile, there are plenty of great Bluetooth headphones. My favorite is
Bose's QuietComfort 35, a pair of fantastic wireless noise-canceling headphones.

Speed, cameras and durability

The most compelling improvement on the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus is the sharp speed
increase. Spurred by faster chips, everything -- switching between apps, opening
the camera -- feels snappier. The iPhone 7 battery also gets about two hours
more juice than the 6S.

Using the app Geekbench 4, I tested the speeds of the iPhone 7, 6S and 6. The
iPhone 7 was 39 percent faster than the 6S and 114 percent faster than the 6. So
people who bought the 6S last year can probably skip upgrading to the 7, but
those holding onto a 6 and anything older will benefit from a tremendous
performance gain.

Apple also improved the iPhone cameras. Like the 6S devices, the iPhone 7
devices carry 12-megapixel sensors. The difference is that both the new iPhones
include optical image stabilization, a feature that helps photos remain clear
even when your hands are shaky. The larger model, the 7 Plus, also includes a
second camera on the back. The two cameras work together to show the photo's
main subject clearly while gently blurring the background.

In my tests comparing photos taken with the iPhone 6S, 7 and 7 Plus, as well as
a competitor, Samsung's Galaxy S7, photos taken with the 7 Plus had noticeably
better detail when reviewed on a large computer monitor. But when reviewing
photos taken with each camera side by side on a smaller smartphone screen, the
differences were negligible.

So while the new iPhones have great cameras, I wouldn't let that drive your
buying decision. If you prefer a larger screen for reading and watching videos,
consider the 7 Plus, but if you prefer something easier to carry in a pocket and
type on using one hand, go for the 7. (The iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch screen; the 7
Plus has a 5.5-inch screen.)

Lastly, Apple made changes to the new iPhones to improve durability. The iPhones
are designed to be water-resistant. In my tests, they survived a swim in a water
pitcher. The physical home button was replaced with a force-sensitive virtual
one. It remains to be seen if the new home button will be more durable. In the
past, one of the first components to wear out on older iPhones was the home
button.

Bottom Line

There are two types of tech consumers: Those who upgrade on a fairly regular
cycle (about every two years with smartphones) to embrace new technology, and
those who upgrade only when they feel they need to.

If you're in the former camp and own an iPhone that is at least two years old,
the decision is obvious: The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are great upgrades. But if you
just bought the iPhone 6S last year, the improvements will be incremental, and
you may want to save your money for the next iPhone.

If you're in the latter group, it's a tougher question. If you have, say, the
four-year-old iPhone 5, you will see a great improvement with an iPhone 6S or a
7. Your decision may come down to how much the lack of a headphone jack and
physical home button bothers you. Audiophiles with lots of wired accessories,
for example, may find using a converter too inconvenient.

But taking the leap to the 7 may be a wise bet, even for late technology
adopters. Apple is likely to continue making iPhones without headphone jacks,
and next year's iPhone will have a full-screen face with the virtual button
built directly into the screen, according to two people at the company who spoke
on condition of anonymity because the product details are private. Apple
declined to comment on next year's iPhones.

To compete with Apple, rivals may also eliminate the audio jack to make room for
faster processors, better batteries and more durable parts. (A little-known
fact: Lenovo beat Apple to removing the audio jack in its new smartphone, Moto
Z, released this year.)

Sooner or later, consumers will probably look back at the iPhone's puberty phase
and accept that changes had to be made for the smartphone to mature. I, for one,
am looking forward to a future with fewer wires.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/15/technology/personaltech/iphone
-7-review-though-not-perfect-new-iphones-keep-apples-promises.html

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Apple products on display during a Sept. 7 media event in San
Francisco when the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus were unveiled. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JOSH
EDELSON/AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE -- GETTY IMAGES) (B8)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              804 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                      October 21, 2014 Tuesday 8:07 AM GMT

Apple shares rise after iPhone sales surge

BYLINE: Martyn Landi

SECTION: BUSINESS NEWS

LENGTH: 341 words


Apple shares rose after the record-breaking launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus
pushed net profit to $8.5 billion dollars (£5.3bn) for the final quarter of
2014, despite a decline in iPad sales.

That figure is one billion higher than the same quarter last year, and revenue
was also up by almost five billion dollars (£3.1bn)

Apple chief executive Tim Cook said: "Our fiscal 2014 was one for the record
books, including the biggest iPhone launch ever with iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

"With amazing innovations in our new iPhones, iPads and Macs, as well as iOS 8
and OS X Yosemite, we are heading into the holidays with Apple's strongest
product line-up ever. We are also incredibly excited about Apple Watch and other
great products and services in the pipeline for 2015."

Apple has refreshed almost its entire product line in the last few months, as
well as entering the wearable technology market for the first time with the
announcement of the Apple Watch, which will go on sale in early 2015.

In September, following the first weekend of sales of the new iPhone 6 and 6
Plus, both of which have the biggest yet screens on Apple's smartphone, the
coming confirmed they had sold more than10 million units in the first three days
of sale - a million more than the previous record.

These results were also an increase on the previous quarter, again by around
five billion dollars. According to the figures released, the firm sold almost 40
million iPhones, as well as 12 million iPads - a drop of 13% - although the
Cupertino, California-based company's latest tablets, the iPad Air 2 and iPad
mini 3 are yet to be launched, with pre-orders only beginning last week.

Increasing competition in the tablet market from the likes of Samsung, Microsoft
and Google is said to be behind the steady decline in iPad sales.

Following the announcement of the results, which are better than anticipated by
analysts, Apple shares rose 1% in after-hours trading.

The results come on the same day that the company's new mobile payment system,
Apple Pay, launched in the US.

PA

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2014 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              805 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Waikato Times (Hamilton, New Zealand)

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

iPhone envy prompts internal police warning

BYLINE: WHAKATANE BEACON

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 306 words


Police staff could be intentionally damaging their iPhones to receive an upgrade
to the latest technology, a leaked email suggests.

In an internal email, inadvertently sent to media organisations on Tuesday,
Sergeant Roslyn Whitley from the police mobility team was concerned by the
number of requests for replacement cell phones.

"Since the 1st of February we have noticed an increase in the number of iPhone 6
requests received via the self-service portal," she wrote in the email.

"Our concern is that officers are too eager to receive the new device (as we all
are) and intentionally damage their devices to receive an iPhone 6 replacement.

"I am hopeful that this was not the case, however, the increase in replacement
requests is concerning."

Her comments are part of an email outlining the new self- service forms to
deploy of iPhone 6 and 6-plus devices.

The email went out to police staff on Friday and on Monday was inadvertently
distributed to media by a Rotorua-based police staffer.

The email was recalled with the staffer asking for it to be disregarded.

Police have since said there is no evidence of staff intentionally damaging
their devices, despite the comment in the email.

"All police mobility devices are provided under a managed service contract,
meaning there is no additional cost to police to replace lost or stolen
devices," a police spokesman said. "There are standard processes in place to
address any misuse of police equipment.

"The increase in requests from February 1 can be attributed to a number of
factors, including staff returning from long service and maternity leave and
secondments."

The original email outlined a new break-fix system implemented in February
whereby any new or replacement iPhone request would receive either an iPhone 6
or 6-plus rather than iPhone 5. Requests were assessed and prioritised.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              806 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            January 16, 2015 Friday

Ufone and Faysal Bank Limited offer Industry's First iPhone 6 Smart Installment
Plan

LENGTH: 273  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


Ufone, known for its innovation, together with Faysal Bank Limited (FBL), one of
the leading banks in Pakistan, has launched the industry's first iPhone-based
installment plan of the year, whereby customers could own an iPhone 6 along with
telecom goodies for as low as Rs. 5,000/ month inclusive of all taxes, that too
without any upfront cost.

Customers would also be able to avail 1000 on net minutes, 150 off net minutes,
1000 SMS and 3GB data, all inclusive in the monthly installment plan. Customers
could choose between 18 months and 24 months payment plans for any iPhone 6 or
iPhone 6 Plus.

Regarding this exciting new launch, Mr. Khurram Mahboob, Head of HVC at Ufone
said, "This innovative endeavor would ensure that these latest, classy, and most
sought after Apple iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are within easy reach of our esteemed
customers."

"It is because of our valuable partnership with FBL that we've been able to
offer these tailor made solutions to facilitate our customers, where they can
now avail both; seamless connectivity coupled with a new Apple gadgetry."

Expressing his views, Mr. Ahmed Hemani, Head of Products and Marketing, FBL
said, "Ufone's inclination towards uniqueness and innovation has compelled us to
extend our partnership with the telecom operator, as its vision is in-line with
our vision of putting customers first and providing them with quality
solutions."

It is another successful year that both Ufone and FBL have extended their
partnership in offering smartphone solutions at affordable rates, earlier in
2013; both parties launched Postpay Smartphone Plan featuring Blackberry and
Samsung mobile phones.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              807 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            January 16, 2015 Friday

Ufone and Faysal Bank Limited offer Industry's First iPhone 6 Smart Installment
Plan

LENGTH: 273  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


Ufone, known for its innovation, together with Faysal Bank Limited (FBL), one of
the leading banks in Pakistan, has launched the industry's first iPhone-based
installment plan of the year, whereby customers could own an iPhone 6 along with
telecom goodies for as low as Rs. 5,000/ month inclusive of all taxes, that too
without any upfront cost.

Customers would also be able to avail 1000 on net minutes, 150 off net minutes,
1000 SMS and 3GB data, all inclusive in the monthly installment plan. Customers
could choose between 18 months and 24 months payment plans for any iPhone 6 or
iPhone 6 Plus.

Regarding this exciting new launch, Mr. Khurram Mahboob, Head of HVC at Ufone
said, "This innovative endeavor would ensure that these latest, classy, and most
sought after Apple iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are within easy reach of our esteemed
customers."

"It is because of our valuable partnership with FBL that we've been able to
offer these tailor made solutions to facilitate our customers, where they can
now avail both; seamless connectivity coupled with a new Apple gadgetry."

Expressing his views, Mr. Ahmed Hemani, Head of Products and Marketing, FBL
said, "Ufone's inclination towards uniqueness and innovation has compelled us to
extend our partnership with the telecom operator, as its vision is in-line with
our vision of putting customers first and providing them with quality
solutions."

It is another successful year that both Ufone and FBL have extended their
partnership in offering smartphone solutions at affordable rates, earlier in
2013; both parties launched Postpay Smartphone Plan featuring Blackberry and
Samsung mobile phones.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              808 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            January 16, 2015 Friday

Ufone and Faysal Bank Limited offer Industry's First iPhone 6 Smart Installment
Plan

LENGTH: 273  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


Ufone, known for its innovation, together with Faysal Bank Limited (FBL), one of
the leading banks in Pakistan, has launched the industry's first iPhone-based
installment plan of the year, whereby customers could own an iPhone 6 along with
telecom goodies for as low as Rs. 5,000/ month inclusive of all taxes, that too
without any upfront cost.

Customers would also be able to avail 1000 on net minutes, 150 off net minutes,
1000 SMS and 3GB data, all inclusive in the monthly installment plan. Customers
could choose between 18 months and 24 months payment plans for any iPhone 6 or
iPhone 6 Plus.

Regarding this exciting new launch, Mr. Khurram Mahboob, Head of HVC at Ufone
said, "This innovative endeavor would ensure that these latest, classy, and most
sought after Apple iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are within easy reach of our esteemed
customers."

"It is because of our valuable partnership with FBL that we've been able to
offer these tailor made solutions to facilitate our customers, where they can
now avail both; seamless connectivity coupled with a new Apple gadgetry."

Expressing his views, Mr. Ahmed Hemani, Head of Products and Marketing, FBL
said, "Ufone's inclination towards uniqueness and innovation has compelled us to
extend our partnership with the telecom operator, as its vision is in-line with
our vision of putting customers first and providing them with quality
solutions."

It is another successful year that both Ufone and FBL have extended their
partnership in offering smartphone solutions at affordable rates, earlier in
2013; both parties launched Postpay Smartphone Plan featuring Blackberry and
Samsung mobile phones.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              809 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Consumers line up for iPhone 6 debut in Taiwan

SECTION: HK MACAO TAIWAN

LENGTH: 246 words


TAIPEI - Crowds of people sat huddled outside the mobile phone shops across
Taipei for hours early Friday as they eagerly await the release of the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus, the newest models of Apple Inc's smartphone.

Taiwan Star, the island's emerging mobile carrier, started selling the latest
iPhone models with their contract from midnight, getting a step ahead of other
major telecom companies whose official sales began on Friday morning.

A man surnamed Chen, who lodged an online reservation a couple of days ago, was
the first consumer to get his iPhone 6 Plus in Taiwan Star's midnight event. He
said the phone was a gift for his wife who has just delivered their baby.

Another man surnamed Lin, who led the line in front of an Apple store for off
contract phones, said he had been in a queue since Thursday afternoon.

"This is a birthday gift for my sister," he said.

Taiwan's telecom carriers all expect a fresh buying frenzy following the debut.
James Cheng, general manager of Taiwan Mobile, said consumers have already
placed orders for 200,000 units of the new iPhones with the carrier's contract.

The mobile operators also invited bands, magicians and even massage therapists
to draw queuing customers in Friday's official release.

More than 10 million units of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were sold around
the world on the first weekend after their initial launch in nine countries and
regions including the United States, Germany and Hong Kong last Friday.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              810 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday
                                 METRO EDITION

Long lines for iPhone debut

BYLINE: TIM HIGGINS, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 461 words



HIGHLIGHT: Apple's event of the year proved the brand still has strong demand.


SAN FRANCISCO - Apple's stores attracted long lines of shoppers for the debut of
the latest iPhones, indicating healthy demand for the bigger-screen smartphones.

The iPhone 6 and the 6 Plus went on sale Friday in Australia, Hong Kong,
Singapore, Japan, France, Germany, Britain and the United States. Across the
world, the scene was similar to the one at Apple's store on Fifth Avenue in New
York, where police officers put up barricades as a line stretched more than 10
blocks and the crowd cheered continuously for the 15 minutes before the phones
officially went on sale.

Carlos Jimenez, 24, was waiting to get an iPhone 6 Plus for the bigger screen
and the bragging rights of being one of the first to have it.

"I can watch my Netflix, my YouTube," Jimenez said. "Even though I know you
could get bucks for it, I'm a die-hard Apple fan," he said, waving off the idea
of trying to resell the gadget.

Apple's iPhone rollout is the most important event this year for the Cupertino,
Calif.-based company. Chief Executive Tim Cook is counting on the handsets to
maintain Apple's sales growth. The devices generate more than half of the
company's annual $171 billion in revenue and precede a swath of other products,
including new iPads and Apple Watch. The iPhones have screens of 4.7 inches and
5.5 inches, compared with 4 inches for previous models - helping Apple appeal to
new consumers.

In central Paris, Elias Kartout was among hundreds gathered outside an Apple
store early in the morning, with a line stretching around the French capital's
19th-century opera house. Kartout, a Belgian student, said he hadn't made up his
mind if he would go for the iPhone 6 or the 6 Plus.

"I'll decide once I've tried it to see how it feels in my hand," said Kartout,
22, who arrived last night, taking a detour on a trip to Italy.

More than 1,000 people were in line for Apple's Regent Street store in London,
some sitting on pieces of cardboard to stay dry after a night of rain. Llewellen
Fourie, a surveyor from London, said he's had an iPhone since the original came
out, and is now looking to upgrade his golden iPhone 5 to the 6 Plus because of
its larger screen.

"Anything new is exciting even if it's a paint job," said Fourie, 39.

In downtown San Francisco on Friday, the line outside of the Apple store had
grown from a dozen or so people 24 hours earlier to hundreds of people wrapping
around three city blocks. In the opposite direction, another line formed for
people with reservations to buy a phone. The two lines almost met to form a
square.

The buzz has been high since Cook unveiled them at a Sept. 9 event. When the
iPhones became available for pre-order a week ago, they racked up a record 4
million reservations in the first 24 hours and surpassed earlier releases.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              811 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday
                               HeraldSun Edition

Prize for a lucky few

BYLINE: Monique Hore

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 287  words


THOUSANDS of Apple enthusiasts scrambled to get their hands on the latest iPhone
yesterday after hours queuing for the new device.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus - priced from $868 to $1249 - hit the shelves at
8am but were quickly snapped up by those who camped overnight at shopping
centres across Melbourne.

Johnny Guan was the first to buy the iPhone 6 Plus at Highpoint Shopping Centre
after waiting 31 hours.

"It was worth it too because I was one of the first to get one," he said. "If
people come here again next year when the next one is released, I'll be here."
Diehard Apple supporters even flew to Melbourne from Taiwan - where the phone is
yet to be released - to nab the latest models.

The hysteria reached auction websites just hours after the release with some
phones being on-sold for hundreds of dollars above the retail price.

St Kilda's Brooke Carlson braved the elements to sleep the night outside the
Telstra store in Bourke Street.

"With the new software that came out there is so much more you can do with this
phone," she said.

"This is a big adjustment from the last iPhone so waiting was definitely worth
it." Apple announced earlier this week that it was inundated with a record
number of pre-orders, with more than four million people's order placed in the
first 24 hours. But the joy was short-lived, with Apple's Highpoint store
quickly selling out of the iPhone 6 Plus.

Xin Jin queued from more than nine hours, but was told the souped-up model -
with a bigger screen and better camera - had already sold out.

"We were about 30 in the queue but still didn't get one," he said. "Others have
told us that they only has eight (iPhone 6 Plus) in stock. Everybody is
disappointed."monique.hore@news.com.au

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald Sun


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              812 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

Apple's new iPhones further blur line between phone, tablet

BYLINE: Hayley Tsukayama

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 561 words


Those who use Apple's iPad should feel right at home with the company's new
phones, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

The phones, which are significantly bigger than Apple's four-inch iPhone 5s and
5c, take design cues and some features from Apple's tablet line - further
blurring the distinction between the smartphone and the tablet.

Both phones are thinner and lighter than their predecessors, losing more in bulk
than they gain in overall size. But there's no doubt that both phones feel
noticeably bigger than the current line of iPhones, and it will probably take
longtime Apple users time to get used to handling larger devices. All that
fumbling around with the phones will no doubt lead to a lot of cracked screens.
Get ready, too, for new accessories (again) since this is Apple's first change
to the width of the iPhone.

For years, Apple has refused to make phones that were wider than the average
thumb could reach, saying that making phones any bigger was a disservice to
consumers. In some ways, the new phones feel like an admission from Apple that
it was wrong about fighting the big-screen revolution for so long.

But as consumers embrace phones to view more video and do more serious work, it
has become clear that big is in demand.  And by releasing phones with larger
screens - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus - Apple sets
itself more firmly against   competitors that make phones for the Android
platform, such as Samsung, LG and HTC.

Solely in terms of screen size, Apple has been behind the curve, with a screen
smaller than Samsung's latest model, the S5. It also has the same screen size as
the HTC One M8 and the Fire Phone from Amazon.com, whose chief executive, Jeff
Bezos, owns The Washington Post.

But in my brief time with the phones, it was clear that Apple was mainly drawing
from one source for inspiration: the iPad. With the iPhone 6 Plus in particular,
the similarities are striking. Thanks to its tall, thin proportions, the Plus
still feels more like a big phone than a small tablet. Apple has given Plus
users, for example, the option to view a lot of its apps in a horizontal
orientation that is pulled straight from the iPad. In Mail, for example, iPhone
users can look at a two-pane view - one to list the messages in the inbox and
one to preview messages. To deal with the thumb question, Apple also has
introduced a mode that pulls whatever is showing up at the top of the screen
halfway down the display, to get that upper corner within easy reach.

On both phones, Apple has moved the sleep button from the top of the phone to
the side, so the owner can use everything one-handed. Both also have crisp,
bright displays and the rounded corners that call back to earlier iPhone models.
Both also carry Apple's new camera sensor, an 8-megapixel sensor with   new
features that   let users focus more easily on their photo subjects. The phones
are so thin that the camera actually sticks out a bit from the back of the
phone.

The rounded corners and thin profiles should also help the new phones slide into
tight pockets.

For many people, bigger will feel better - clearer for photos, for video and for
work - but for those who have grown accustomed to Apple's standard iPhone size,
it will definitely take time to adjust.

hayley.tsukayama@washpost.com

Excerpted from the Switch, at washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-switch.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              813 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

Revolutionary new Force Touch for iPhone 6S? Sorry, Android got there first;
Apple's new Force Touch technology, expected to ship in their new iPhone 6S and
iPhone 6S Plus today, has been around longer than you think.

BYLINE: Aditya Shenoy

LENGTH: 359  words


Apple's new Force Touch technology, expected to ship in their new iPhone 6S and
iPhone 6S Plus today, has been around longer than you think.

The Apple event has been scheduled in September every year and this year it is
on schedule as usual. Apple is considered  a pioneer in the smartphone industry
as it has introduced a lot of firsts in the segment. They have heavily
influenced the course of progress for a mobile device and, at the event
tomorrow, they are expected to unveil something revolutionary. Right?

The whole world has their eyes set on the Cupertino company to release the next
lineup of smartphones. Apple launched two phones last year, the iPhone 6 and the
iPhone 6 Plus and tomorrow they plan to launch the Apple iPhone 6S and the Apple
iPhone 6S Plus. The devices are rumoured to sport Force Touch Display, a
technology that Apple first showcased with the Apple Watch. The main motive
behind the Force Touch display was to introduce a new method for the user to
interact with the device.

What is Force Touch? Force Touch is a feature developed by Apple that senses
pressure applied on a screen or touchpad and responds accordingly. The
technology first debuted on the 2015 Apple MacBook, followed by the Apple Watch,
and the next generation of iPhone is also expected to sport the same. Force
Touch uses tiny electrodes around the flexible Retina Display to distinguish
between a light tap and a hard press. And some might think this is revolutionary
but guess what?

Android has had this nifty little feature since November 2009! It dates back to
Android Eclair 2.0 and the feature was introduced in the Level 5 API.  A
developer even made an app that uses this API and shows how Force Touch works on
Android. The app is very crude but demonstrates how Android does record pressure
exerted on the touchscreen. We've got screenshots below from our tests on a
Nexus 5. You can try out the app called Force Touch Demo yourself, but don't put
a whole lot of pressure on the touchscreen else you may end up cracking it.

Aditya Shenoy is a technology enthusiast and the Deputy Editor at Pricebaba.com

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2015 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              814 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Apple unveils Watch, iPhone 6;
$350 wrist wear needs iPhone 5 or newer to work

BYLINE: Julia Love, Jeremy C. Owens and Troy Wolverton; San Jose Mercury News

SECTION: METRO; Business; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 923 words

DATELINE: CUPERTINO, Calif.



HIGHLIGHT: Apple


- Apple CEO Tim Cook debuted Apple's first new product category Tuesday since
the introduction of the iPad tablet computer, showing off a new smartwatch along
with two new        iPhones and a mobile- payments offering built into the new
devices.

The wearable computer, called simply the Apple Watch, has a new user interface,
with Cook declaring, What we didn't do was take the iPhone and shrink the user
interface and strap it on your wrist.

It will come in three different basic forms: Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport and
Apple Edition, with the last one available in 18-karat gold. Apple Watch will be
a standard offering, while the Sport edition will be sturdier. The wrist
computer will be highly customizable, with different sizes for the watch face
and bands of different colors as well as leather and metal, with a starting base
price of $350. The device will go

on sale in early 2015.

Users will interact with the Apple Watch through a dial on the side, using it to
scroll up and down and zoom in, or through its touchscreen, which is made of
synthetic sapphire. The device will have Apple's voice-detection technology
Siri, allowing users to guide through interactions with voice commands, and a
series of gestures can help control basic functions as well.

The watch, which must be used in tandem with an iPhone 5 or later, can record
users' vitals, with sensors detecting bodily actions such as pulse rate, and
record them with HealthKit, Apple software introduced earlier this year at the
Worldwide Developers Conference.

With its customizable form and different possible tasks, the Apple Watch can be
a different device for different users' needs, Cook said.

I use mine to control the Apple TV, another team member uses his as a remote for
his iPhone camera, the CEO said.

Apple introduced two new iPhones that will function with its watch: a larger
iPhone than before, the iPhone 6 Plus, along with the iPhone 6, which Cook
described as the best phones you have ever seen.

The iPhone 6 Plus will be 5.5 inches diagonal, a size in between a smartphone
and tablet that has proved especially popular in Asia.

One of the iPhone 6's advances is Apple Pay, a mobile-payments offering that
utilizes near-field communications to get rid of credit cards' outdated and
vulnerable magnetic stripe, as Cook described them. Instead of using physical
cards, the iPhone will connect to users' payment options, while not storing
credit card numbers or security codes.

The service will work with 220,000 contactless machines in place at retailers,
along with Apple partners such as McDonald's, Walgreens and Disney.

Apple will begin selling the phones on Sept. 19 in the United States.

The two new iPhones will arrive with Apple's newest mobile operating system, iOS
8.

APPLE, Page 6

- Apple CEO Tim Cook debuted Apple's first new product category Tuesday since
the introduction of the iPad tablet computer, showing off a new smartwatch along
with two new        iPhones and a mobile- payments offering built into the new
devices.

The wearable computer, called simply the Apple Watch, has a new user interface,
with Cook declaring, What we didn't do was take the iPhone and shrink the user
interface and strap it on your wrist.

It will come in three different basic forms: Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport and
Apple Edition, with the last one available in 18-karat gold. Apple Watch will be
a standard offering, while the Sport edition will be sturdier. The wrist
computer will be highly customizable, with different sizes for the watch face
and bands of different colors as well as leather and metal, with a starting base
price of $350. The device will go

on sale in early 2015.

Users will interact with the Apple Watch through a dial on the side, using it to
scroll up and down and zoom in, or through its touchscreen, which is made of
synthetic sapphire. The device will have Apple's voice-detection technology
Siri, allowing users to guide through interactions with voice commands, and a
series of gestures can help control basic functions as well.

The watch, which must be used in tandem with an iPhone 5 or later, can record
users' vitals, with sensors detecting bodily actions such as pulse rate, and
record them with HealthKit, Apple software introduced earlier this year at the
Worldwide Developers Conference.

With its customizable form and different possible tasks, the Apple Watch can be
a different device for different users' needs, Cook said.

I use mine to control the Apple TV, another team member uses his as a remote for
his iPhone camera, the CEO said.

Apple introduced two new iPhones that will function with its watch: a larger
iPhone than before, the iPhone 6 Plus, along with the iPhone 6, which Cook
described as the best phones you have ever seen.

The iPhone 6 Plus will be 5.5 inches diagonal, a size in between a smartphone
and tablet that has proved especially popular in Asia.

One of the iPhone 6's advances is Apple Pay, a mobile-payments offering that
utilizes near-field communications to get rid of credit cards' outdated and
vulnerable magnetic stripe, as Cook described them. Instead of using physical
cards, the iPhone will connect to users' payment options, while not storing
credit card numbers or security codes.

The service will work with 220,000 contactless machines in place at retailers,
along with Apple partners such as McDonald's, Walgreens and Disney.

Apple will begin selling the phones on Sept. 19 in the United States.

The two new iPhones will arrive with Apple's newest mobile operating system, iOS
8.

Apple

From Page 3

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              815 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday

iPhone 7 customers complain of defects -

LENGTH: 552 words


A customer sets up his new iPhone 7 Plus at the Apple Store on Michigan Avenue
in Chicago. / AP-YonhapBy Yoon Sung-won

The much-hyped iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have been embroiled in controversies around
the globe after reports of multiple hardware defects, Wednesday, less than a
week after its release.

Apple, which is expecting boosted sales from the new iPhone as rival Samsung
Electronics is struggling over its Galaxy Note 7 battery problem, may face a
tougher road ahead.

In particular, complaints have surfaced about a 'hissing' sound that is
occasionally heard from the application processor when the handset is
overloaded.

According to a report by U.S. online media Apple Insider, Saturday, multiple
users of the iPhone 7 and larger iPhone 7 Plus are complaining about the hissing
sound. Though such a noise is heard from desktop computers or laptops, it is a
rare case on smartphones, it said.

The exact reason for the noise has yet to be confirmed; but rumors are that
Apple's A10 processor, which debuted with the new iPhones, makes it if it fails
to cool down properly from an overload.

Apple said it will replace certain iPhones with the problem but has not released
an official comment.

'The noise issue can be critical to the device because the application processor
is the most important part of a handset,' an industry source said.

The new iPhones' imperfect waterproof function has also been pointed out.

Multiple critics argued that the new iPhones should be called 'water-resistant,'
not waterproof, comparing them with Samsung Electronics' Galaxy S7 series and
Note 7, which have an IP68-grade waterproof function and thus do not break
underwater. The new iPhone models have an IP67-grade function, which is one step
lower than that of the Galaxy smartphones.

Apple stated on its website that the warranty of the new iPhones does not cover
device damage caused by them being water-soaked.

'Added to Apple's infamously stingy after-sales service policy, the imperfect
waterproof function may further disappoint iPhone users,' the industry source
said.

Despite the alleged hardware defects, the new iPhones are selling well,
especially in the U.S. market. The first shipments have been sold out and there
is a severe shortage of products with the new jet-black finish.

According to T Mobile CEO John Legere, pre-orders for the new iPhones have
almost quadrupled compared to those of the iPhone 6 two years ago. Sprint also
said the volume of pre-orders for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have increased
by more than 375 percent, compared to that of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus last
year.

The major U.S. telecom companies have launched an unprecedentedly aggressive
free replacement marketing program for the new iPhones. Under a two-year
contract, they offered a 32-gigabyte iPhone 7 handset in exchange for an iPhone
6 or an iPhone 6s.

According to market research agency Strategy Analytics, Apple's U.S. smartphone
market share remained at 24.5 percent, losing the top perch to Samsung
Electronics with 32.7 percent. This is the first time Apple has recorded a
market share below 25 percent since the 20.9 percent in the third quarter of
2011.

Meanwhile, Samsung Electronics started the Galaxy Note 7 replacement program
Wednesday, following the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission's official
recall issuance.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              816 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             ICT Monitor Worldwide

                          February 18, 2015 Wednesday

NatWest and RBS launch access to accounts at the touch of a finger

LENGTH: 328 words


Customers of NatWest and Royal Bank of Scotland will no longer have to remember
their passwords and be able to access their bank accounts online with just a
touch of their fingerprint - but only if they have an Apple iPhone.


From 19 February, NatWest and RBS customers with an iPhone 5S, iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus will be able to access their bank account online using Apple's
Touch ID fingerprint sensor, in what the bank claims is a first in Britain.
Apple's fingerprint sensor - a detection ring built in to the home button - was
introduced in 2013, and has quickly proven to be one of the best fingerprint
scanning implementations available. Now present on the iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus,
iPad Air 2 and iPad Mini 3, Touch ID allows users to securely unlock their
devices and authenticate purchases via iTunes or the App Store with just their
finger or thumb, removing the need to constantly enter in their passwords.
The list of third-party apps adopting Touch ID to secure their contents or
authenticate purchases has expanded in recent months with apps including
Evernote and Dropbox, password managers such as LastPass and 1Password, and
shops such as Amazon all now supporting the fingerprint sensor.
A spokesman for RBS NatWest said: "Never has banking for UK customers been more
at their fingertips, or fingerprints. RBS and NatWest customers will be the
first of any UK-based bank to be able to log in to their mobile banking app
using only their fingerprint. The technology recognises customers' unique finger
print so they don't have to remember a tricky login passcode."
RBS said nearly half of its 15 million customers actively use online banking,
with more than 3 million customers using the mobile app every week. It estimates
that it has around 1.8 million active iPhone users, of which 880,000 use an
iPhone 5s, iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 plus. It says 167,000 customers use the banking
app each day on their way to work between 7am and 8am. 2015 Global Data Point.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 1632


                        Copyright 2015 Global Data Point
                 Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.Syndigate.info
                              All Rights Reserved


                              817 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                    September 11, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

When Apple iPhone 6, 6 Plus and Watch launch becomes a funny affair!

LENGTH: 127  words


It is like a tradition that after a major launch event of Apple, competitors
start taking their stab at the Apple for its announcements or product launches.
This year as well, companies like Samsung and Sony among others have taken a
jibe over the Appleas Iphone 6, Iphone 6 Plus and Apple Watch launches by
posting hilarious Tweets and mocking videos online. Moreover, it is not just
brands that take dig at the Cupertino-based giant as Apple-haters too fire shots
on the company. We pick some of such official posts by the likes of Samsung and
Sony and others, as well as by Apple haters that would tickle your funny bones!

Sony mocks Apple's bigger than bigger' tagline for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus by
posting a photo with message saying 'better than bigger'!

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              818 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                             July 28, 2015 Tuesday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

BUSINESS BRIEFS

SECTION: TO THE POINT; BUSINESS BRIEFS; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 356 words


TECHNOLOGY

Most iPhone users have the 6

About 52% of U.S. iPhone owners have upgraded to the latest models -- the iPhone
6 or iPhone 6 Plus, nearly twice the global average, according to Consumer
Intelligence Research Partners. Apple CEO Tim Cook last week said 27% of the
iPhone installed base worldwide has moved to iPhone 6 series handsets. In the
U.S., 33 mil iPhone 6 and 17 mil iPhone 6 Plus models are in use, CIRP
estimates. Apple shares fell 1.4% to 122.77.

SECURITY

ADT: Not feeling insecure yet

The home security incumbent has yet to feel threatened by Apple's
"do-it-yourself" HomeKit -- and growth in AT&T's Digital Life and Comcast's
investments in home automation and security may benefit ADT. So says Citigroup
analyst Jason Bazinet, who upgraded ADT stock to buy, with a price target of 39,
because the home security market "has morphed into the "smart home' market." The
big question is how fast the market may shift to a consumer
"do-it-yourself"-type model, said Bazinet. ADT shares rose 1.9% to 31.97.

IPOs

Planet Fitness sets IPO terms

The franchisers and operators of fitness centers will offer 13.5 mil shares at a
price range of 14-16, to raise $203 mil in its initial public offering. It will
list on the NYSE under the ticker PLNT. Planet Fitness has more than 1,000
fitness centers in 47 states, Puerto Rico and Canada. It reported revenue of
$279.8 mil in '14, up 33% from the prior year, and net income of $37.3 mil. It
reported Q1 revenue of $76.9 mil, up 33.5%, and net income of $8.5 mil.

IN BRIEF

Precision Castparts, an aerospace and industrial components maker, agreed to buy
smaller rival Noranco for $560 mil. Precision shares fell 0.7% to 187.33, down
1.35. Beacon Roofing Supply will buy Roofing Supply Group for $1.1 bil cash.

Wabtec, a railroad parts supplier, offered $1.8 bil including debt for a
majority share of France-based Faiveley Transport, saying it's a prelude to
buying the entire company. Wabtec rose 7.2% to 97.93. Fuel cell systems maker
Plug Power agreed to buy 80% of HyPulsion, its European joint venture, from
France's Air Liquide, for $11.47 mil in stock. Plug Power fell 2.5% to 2.32.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              819 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                            March 28, 2015 Saturday
                              CourierMail Edition

Triple treat in store for Apple fans

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 181  words


FOR fans of Apple's iPhones, this could be the year that good things come in
threes.

There are reports that Apple is planning to go one better this year and unveil
three new models of the iPhone in September.

Twice before, Apple has rel-eased two iPhones at one time.

Two years ago, it was the iPhone 5S and the colourful but only slightly cheaper
iPhone 5C.

Last year, Apple unveiled the new bigger iPhone 6 and the even bigger iPhone 6
Plus.

Now Digitimes is reporting that Apple will unveil a collection of three iPhones
this year.

Alongside the expected upgrades with the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus, Digitimes
says there will be an iPhone 6C.

Some dismiss the iPhone 5C as Apple's one failure with an iPhone, with much of
the criticism focusing on the flawed perception that C would stand for "cheap"
and Apple does not do cheap.

According to the report, the 6C will have a 4-inch (10.1cm) screen, making it
significantly smaller than the 4.7-inch (11.9cm) iPhone 6 and 5.5-inch (14cm)
iPhone 6.It will be powered by the A8 chip, while the two flagship phones will
use a more powerful A9 chip.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Courier-Mail


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              820 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                           September 14, 2014 Sunday

Market capture: Consumers flock towards new iPhone

LENGTH: 491  words


Customers may have to wait three to four weeks to get their hands on Apple
Incorporation's iPhone 6 Plus, after a record number of orders for the company's
latest smartphones strained available supply. The new iPhone 6 goes on sale on
September 19 in the US but the company began taking online orders on Thursday.

While the larger 5.5-inch "Plus" models now display a wait time of up to a
month, the 4.7-inch version remains available for delivery, Apple's website
showed.

Verizon Wireless, ATandT and Sprint Corp, also showed shipment delays of up to
six weeks on their respective websites. Apple said the pace of orders has so far
outstripped any of its previous iPhones.

"Response to iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus has been incredible, with a record
number of pre-orders overnight. Pre-orders are currently available online or
through the Apple Store App," said spokeswoman Trudy Muller.

Apple routinely grapples with iPhone supply constraints, particularly in years
that involve a smartphone re-design. The latest iPhones come with larger screens
and some analysts had anticipated that production issues may keep a lid on
initial runs. Its suppliers had scrambled to get enough screens ready because
the need to redesign a key component had disrupted panel production, said supply
chain sources last month.

It was unclear whether the hiccup could limit the number of phones available to
consumers, the sources said at the time. Apple declined to comment on supply
chain issues. In addition, Chinese customers may also have to wait until the
year-end before they can buy the iPhone 6.

Apple is yet to set a release date for China, the world's biggest smartphone
market. The company unveiled its latest iPhones along with a watch and a mobile
payments service on Tuesday. ATandT's chief executive of mobile and business,
Ralph de la Vega, told investors at a conference in New York that iPhone 6
orders have so far surpassed orders last year and the year before.

Chinese eye Hong Kong's grey market

Meanwhile, wealthy mainland Chinese looking to buy the new iPhone 6 next week
could expect to pay an eye-watering $2,500 for the handsets in Hong Kong,
following Apple's decision to delay the launch in China.

Hong Kong has long been a hub for resold and refurbished phones, and delighted
vendors there were coping with a flood of pre-orders from the Apple-obsessed
mainland.

The price, say sellers in the southern Chinese city, is a bargain  the phones
can then be resold on the mainland, where fans could pay up to $5,000 for a new
handset.

Massive queues and frantic trading were seen outside Apple stores in the
southern Chinese city on previous iPhone launches, with resellers buying units
from hundreds of new iPhone owners to sell on later at inflated prices on the
legal but unauthorised "grey market".

Published in The Express Tribune, September 14th, 2014.

LikeBusiness on Facebook, follow @TribuneBizon Twitter to stay informed and join
in the conversation.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              821 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Pretoria News Weekend (South Africa)

                          September 27, 2014 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Apple denies bent phone claim

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 130 words


Apple has defended itself against reports that its largest iPhone bends easily
in people's pockets, saying warping is "extremely rare" through normal use.

Since going on sale this week, Apple said only nine customers had contacted the
company about a bent iPhone 6 Plus - the larger and more expensive of its two
new iPhones. Apple said both the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus passed a series of
tests meant to check the products' strength and durability through everyday use.

Apple is addressing reports that the new iPhone 6 Plus was bending when people
sat with the phone in their pockets. Videos of people bending the jumbo-sized
iPhone with their hands quickly made the rounds on social media.

Apple said it sold more than 10 million of the new phones in the first three
days. - Sapa-AFP

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PW


                Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              822 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                     September 19, 2014 Friday 6:30 PM GMT

Apple fans get their hands on the new iPhone product - was it worth the
three-day wait in the queue?;
Some iPhone users were so keep to be the first to get the latest device from
Apple that they waited in queues overnight

BYLINE: By Alison Sanders

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 508 words


One of the first people in Britain to get their hands on the new iPhone said the
three-day queue outside the store was "worth the wait".

Self-employed Andy Walford, who travelled from Powys on Tuesday queued for three
nights in the Bullring, Birmingham to be first in line to get his hands on the
new iPhone 6.

The US company announced the new devices to much fanfare at a highly anticipated
event in California last week.

Many fans have been so keen to get their hands in the product they've been
queuing outside Apple stores for days in anticipation - among them Mr Walford.

He said: "I'm going to go home, have a shower, get some sleep and then play with
my iPhone. A friend is coming to give me a lift home.

"The last night was the hardest, I think because of the excitement. I got here
at 11am on Tuesday, My partner turned up on Wednesday which was a nice surprise
as I wasn't expecting her.

"It's the second time in a row I've been first in the queue. People say it's
crazy, but I've got a result and that's the result I came here for, I might see
you again next year."

iPhone quiz: Reckon you're a gadget guru? Test your knowledge of all things
iPhone

Dozens also queued outside Apple's shop in St David's Shopping Centre in
Cardiff.

Among them was Ramzan Iqbal, 45, from Pontypridd. He said: "I just want a new
iPhone, that's all. It just a thing I do, I normally try to get the new iPhones
on the launch day.

"It's just going to be a much more powerful device. Apple always makes really
good phones. The user experience is normally really good, so hopefully it's
going to be as good as they say it will."

Mike Nelson, 34, from Cardiff, said there was an element of wanting to be the
first to have the product.

He said: "I'm getting the small one, I don't really like the big one, I'd like
to keep the smaller size, the big one is practically an iPad.

"I don't have any expectations for it really, so I'm probably just spending
money on something that's no better than what I've already got.

"The things I like about the iPhone is it's convenience, it's easy to use,
iMessage, and most of my friends have got an iPhone, so it's easy to stay
connected."

Apple iPhone 6 fans queue through the night in Cardiff to buy the new phone

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are available in 10 countries from today,
including the UK, the US, Australia and Singapore, and a further 20 next Friday.

Both handsets will be available in new sizes for the first time, with the iPhone
6 offering a 4.7in screen, while the 6 Plus boasts the biggest screen Apple has
ever produced for a smartphone at 5.5in.

Network operator EE said it will ensure that customers who pre-ordered new
handsets through Phones 4u, which went into administration on Sunday, would
still be able to get them in its stores.

A spokesman said: "All across the country we have set aside iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus handsets, enough for Phones 4u customers who pre-ordered iPhones on EE
through Phones 4u.

"If they go into EE stores and show their pre-order receipts they will be able
to claim one of the devices."

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              823 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                     September 19, 2014 Friday 6:30 PM GMT

Apple fans get their hands on the new iPhone product - was it worth the
three-day wait in the queue?;
Some iPhone users were so keep to be the first to get the latest device from
Apple that they waited in queues overnight

BYLINE: By Alison Sanders

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 508 words


One of the first people in Britain to get their hands on the new iPhone said the
three-day queue outside the store was "worth the wait".

Self-employed Andy Walford, who travelled from Powys on Tuesday queued for three
nights in the Bullring, Birmingham to be first in line to get his hands on the
new iPhone 6.

The US company announced the new devices to much fanfare at a highly anticipated
event in California last week.

Many fans have been so keen to get their hands in the product they've been
queuing outside Apple stores for days in anticipation - among them Mr Walford.

He said: "I'm going to go home, have a shower, get some sleep and then play with
my iPhone. A friend is coming to give me a lift home.

"The last night was the hardest, I think because of the excitement. I got here
at 11am on Tuesday, My partner turned up on Wednesday which was a nice surprise
as I wasn't expecting her.

"It's the second time in a row I've been first in the queue. People say it's
crazy, but I've got a result and that's the result I came here for, I might see
you again next year."

iPhone quiz: Reckon you're a gadget guru? Test your knowledge of all things
iPhone

Dozens also queued outside Apple's shop in St David's Shopping Centre in
Cardiff.

Among them was Ramzan Iqbal, 45, from Pontypridd. He said: "I just want a new
iPhone, that's all. It just a thing I do, I normally try to get the new iPhones
on the launch day.

"It's just going to be a much more powerful device. Apple always makes really
good phones. The user experience is normally really good, so hopefully it's
going to be as good as they say it will."

Mike Nelson, 34, from Cardiff, said there was an element of wanting to be the
first to have the product.

He said: "I'm getting the small one, I don't really like the big one, I'd like
to keep the smaller size, the big one is practically an iPad.

"I don't have any expectations for it really, so I'm probably just spending
money on something that's no better than what I've already got.

"The things I like about the iPhone is it's convenience, it's easy to use,
iMessage, and most of my friends have got an iPhone, so it's easy to stay
connected."

Apple iPhone 6 fans queue through the night in Cardiff to buy the new phone

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are available in 10 countries from today,
including the UK, the US, Australia and Singapore, and a further 20 next Friday.

Both handsets will be available in new sizes for the first time, with the iPhone
6 offering a 4.7in screen, while the 6 Plus boasts the biggest screen Apple has
ever produced for a smartphone at 5.5in.

Network operator EE said it will ensure that customers who pre-ordered new
handsets through Phones 4u, which went into administration on Sunday, would
still be able to get them in its stores.

A spokesman said: "All across the country we have set aside iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus handsets, enough for Phones 4u customers who pre-ordered iPhones on EE
through Phones 4u.

"If they go into EE stores and show their pre-order receipts they will be able
to claim one of the devices."

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              824 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Snapdeal partners Amex to offer Rs 10,000 off on iPhone7, 7 Plus

LENGTH: 483  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 6 -- E-commerce major Snapdeal has partnered with American
Express to offer the latter's card members a discount of Rs 10,000 when they buy
the latest edition of iPhone from its platform.


 "....an instant Rs 10,000 off on Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus for American Express
Card members. The offer will go live on Snapdeal at 00:00 hours on October 7,
2016," it said.
 Unveiled last month, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus would be available in India
from tomorrow at a starting price of Rs 60,000 across multiple platforms.
 This is an exclusive partnership under which Amex is giving a special price to
its card users when they purchase an iPhone 7/7 Plus on Snapdeal using an Amex
card, Snapdeal said in an emailed statement.
 The discount can also be clubbed with the on-going exchange offers on the
e-commerce portal on phones and zero cost EMIs, it added.
 "We have entered into a strategic partnership with American Express and are
excited to bring yet another much sought after and iconic product to our
customers with an attractive offer," Snapdeal co-founder Rohit Bansal said.
 The latest version of Apple's smartphone would be available on platforms like
Flipkart and Tata CliQ as well.
 Tata CliQ is offering its customers Rs 10,000 deferred cashback with HDFC
credit and debit cards (issued in India).
 The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB
storage variants in silver, gold and rose gold colours. The new jet black colour
variant will come only in 128GB and 256GB variants.
 While the 32GB phone will be available for Rs 60,000, the pricing of the other
models has not been disclosed.
 iPhone 7 features a 4.7-inch display with 3D touch, while iPhone 7 Plus has a
5.5-inch Retina HD display with 3D touch.
 Both the smartphones are powered by a new quad-core Apple A10 Fusion processor,
which it claims is 40 per cent faster than the previous generation.
 The iOS 10-powered iPhone 7 sports a 12MP iSight camera and 4K video recording.
The iPhone 7 Plus has dual 12MP rear cameras - one wide-angle and a telephoto
lens.
 The handsets come with IP67 rating, signifying the fact that it is water and
dust resistant, a first for the Apple smartphone.
 The Cupertino-based company is betting big on the Indian market. In July, Apple
CEO Tim Cook had said that India is one of its fastest growing markets.
 In a separate statement, Snapdeal said it has sold over 11 million units during
its Unbox Diwali Sale that started on October 2.
 "Snapdeal sold more than 11 million units during its Unbox Diwali Sale held
from October 2-6, 2016. Fashion, home (general merchandise) and electronics were
highest selling categories by volume in that order," it added.
 "The Unbox Diwali Sale has been a great success for us on all metrics. We saw a
4 times increase of new users who shopped at Snapdeal as compared to last
Diwali," Snapdeal co-founder and CEO Kunal Bahl said.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              825 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

Apple debuts smartwatch, two new iPhones and mobile payments

BYLINE: By Julia Love, Jeremy C. Owens and Troy Wolverton Staff writers

SECTION: NEWS; Business

LENGTH: 1008 words


CUPERTINO -- Apple CEO Tim Cook debuted Apple's first new product category
Tuesday since the introduction of the iPad tablet computer, showing off a new
smartwatch along with two iPhones and a mobile-payments offering built in to the
new devices.

Apple's smartwatch -- called simply the Apple Watch -- has a new user interface,
with Cook declaring, "What we didn't do was take the iPhone and shrink the user
interface and strap it on your wrist."

It will come in three different basic forms: Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport and
Apple Edition, with the last one available in 18-karat gold; Apple Watch will be
a standard offering, while the Sport edition will be sturdier. The wearable
computer will be highly customizable, with different sizes for the watch face
and bands of different colors as well as leather and metal, with a starting base
price of $350. The device will go on sale in early 2015.

Users will interact with the Apple Watch through a dial on the side, using it to
scroll up and down and zoom in, or through its touchscreen, which is made of
synthetic sapphire Apple has been manufacturing in Arizona. The device will have
access to Apple's voice-detection technology Siri, allowing users to guide
through interactions with voice commands, and a series of gestures can help
control basic functions as well.

The watch -- which must be used in tandem with an iPhone 5 or later -- can
record users' vitals, with sensors detecting bodily actions such as pulse rate,
and record them with HealthKit, Apple software introduced earlier this year at
the Worldwide Developers Conference. More functionality will quickly be on the
way: Outside developers received access to build apps for the watch through new
software called WatchKit.

With its customizable form and different possible tasks, the Apple Watch can be
a different device for different users' needs, Cook said, calling it "the most
personal device Apple has ever created."

"I use mine to control the Apple TV, another team member uses his as a remote
for his iPhone camera," the CEO divulged.

Apple introduced two new, larger iPhones that will function with its smartwatch
-- the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which Cook described as "the best phones you
have ever seen."

"Today, we are launching the biggest advancement in the history of iPhones,"
Cook said.

The iPhone 6 Plus will be 5.5 inches diagonal, a size in between a smartphone
and tablet that has proved especially popular in Asia, and the iPhone 6 will be
4.7 inches, still larger than the iPhone 5S and 5C, which Apple will continue to
sell at lower prices.

The larger form factor will give the iPhone 6 Plus a larger battery and
therefore longer battery life: Apple said that the iPhone 6 will have about 14
hours of talk time, in line with the previous iteration, while the iPhone 6 Plus
will have 24 hours of talk time.

One of the smartphones' big advances is Apple Pay, a mobile-payments offering
that utilizes near-field communications to get rid of credit cards' "outdated
and vulnerable magnetic stripe," as Cook described them.

Instead of using physical cards, Apple's iPhone will connect to users' payment
options, while not storing credit card numbers or security codes. The Apple
Watch will also take advantage of the technology, which needs NFC reading
devices at registers to work properly -- the service starts with 220,000
contactless machines in place at retailers, along with Apple partners such as
McDonald's, Walgreens and Disney.

Apple software leader Eddy Cue stressed the security and privacy of Apple's
payments option, which will link with American Express, Visa and Mastercard.

"Apple doesn't know what you bought, where you bought it, or how much you paid
for it," Cue said.

Both new iPhones will be offered in black, gray and gold. The smaller iPhone 6
will have a price tag starting at $199 with subsidies from wireless carriers,
ranging up to $399 for a phone with 128 GB of memory; the iPhone 6 Plus will
range from $299 to $499 with a two-year contract. Apple will begin selling the
phones on Sept. 19 in the United States and eight other countries, and wants to
roll out sales to more than 100 countries by the end of the year.

The two new iPhones will arrive with Apple's newest mobile operating system, iOS
8, which will roll out on Sept. 17, marketing guru Phil Schiller announced.
Apple previously showed off the new features of iOS 8 at its Worldwide
Developers Conference.

The biggest disappointment for Apple fans who didn't receive an event invitation
was the company's live stream of the event, which malfunctioned from the very
beginning and never delivered a consistent view of Apple's event. Those
fortunate enough to establish a solid connection to the live stream by the end
of the two-hour-long event were treated to a performance from legendary rock
band U2, which announced its new album will be released immediately for free on
iTunes.

Ahead of the event, throng of reporters and invited guests amassed outside the
Flint Center on Tuesday morning, near a gleaming white structure Apple built,
snacking on breakfast burritos and juice as Apple employees in crimson shirts
with tiny, black Apple logos directed them. Among the VIPs photographed outside
the event were Apple cofounder Steve Wozniak and Twitter CEO Dick Costolo, while
No Doubt lead singer Gwen Stefani tweeted a picture of herself and rapper Dr.
Dre and said they were on their way to the event.

Anticipation for Apple's event has been higher than even the heavily hyped
debuts of the past few years, amid expectations for Apple's first new product
category since the iPad.

"They might be rewriting the history books, as they did for tablets and
smartphones," Matt Margolis, an analyst at PTT Research, said.

Investors excited for Apple's latest gadgets have pushed the company's stock to
new heights in the past month, topping records set amid the release of the
iPhone 5 in 2012, but shares dipped 0.4 percent to $97.99 after Apple's event
Tuesday.

Contact Jeremy C. Owens at 408-920-5876; follow him at Twitter.com/jowens510 .

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              826 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

After all the rumors, the big question: Has iPhone scored?

BYLINE: Liu Zheng in San Francisco

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 796 words


Mega product launch, guaranteed media spotlight, but Apple's magic under
scrutiny

After listening to months of rumors, finally the climax: a mega product launch
event which once again caught the media spotlight for Apple Inc in September.

Moving on from initially being cheered up without a second's thought about the
new features of the latest generation of iPhones, which are equipped with dual
rear cameras and dust and water resistance features, a series of questions
popped up: does the design look familiar? Is Apple just following the trends
being set by the Huawei P9 and Samsung S7, rather than being innovative as it is
used to be?

I found the answer during my chats with online subscribers, who stayed up too
late to follow Apple's new business move on a live-streaming platform.

Some of them are independent IT critics who specialize in smartphone
photography. Some, who asked to be anonymous, said that the technologies and
algorithms behind the iPhone 7 Plus and Huawei P9 are different as the latter
provides a dual camera with one capturing monochrome and the other providing
color photos.

The dual camera system of the iPhone 7 Plus allows the two cameras to shoot as
one, for a high resolution optical zoom at two times.

"The new iPhone carries out the design theory of Apple, which is being simple,
fashion and user friendly," said James Yan, research director at Counterpoint
Technology Market Research.

Yan said there was no big surprises for the new iPhones, as the rumors prior to
the launch seemed to have disclosed most of the details. But he believes that
the products "will do well" in the first five months in China, and afterward,
the market performance will rely on whether its domestic competitors follow its
footsteps and launch products with similar technologies.

Meanwhile, the most regrettable thing for me this year is Augmented Reality
(AR).

As AR hardware manufacturing and investment has witnessed rapid growth from last
year in China and Pokemon Go, the location-based AR game, became a global hit
the market had been expecting to see Apple spread its wings.

Rumors linked to Apple's future VR strategy appeared online and drew the
industry's attention as CEO Tim Cook commented on the technology publicly, which
was interpreted as a sign Apple was about to extend into the AR sector.

But the "One More Thing" part of the event, described as the company's
traditional disclosure of a trend or innovative ideas that will be implemented
in its products, was not shown in the end.

People tend to think that Apple won't disclose any details until it's fully
ready to do so.

Sound bites

"Generally speaking, I am kind of disappointed with the iPhone 7 series. The new
series is not as innovative as I thought previously. Before the event, I really
look forward to the news that Apple may ditch the home button. But now Apple is
still keeping it. And since my iPhone 6s can meet my need for taking selfies, I
won't buy the new iPhone 7 or 7 plus. I would only buy one if I made a fortune."

Liu Yujing, 20, junior at North China University of Technology

"I have used the iPhone for around 7 years. Compared to other mobile phones,
iPhone is the best. So I always want to try Apple's new products. Seeing the
event, I really want to buy an iPhone 7 plus. Now I have a 64GB iPhone 6, and I
always need to delete stuff for new photos of my kid or news conferences. So I
really need a new one with enough space. And since the iPhone 7 plus packs dual
cameras, I will choose that instead of the iPhone 7."

Gao Suying, 39, chief editor at Bei-jing-based China Business Journal

"Compared with last year's iPhone 6s, I feel the new iPhone 7 series does not
bring any big change. Of course, there are some bright spots, such as the
waterproof feature and the final launch of the Super Mario Run for iPhone. For
me, the best part of the new series is the A-10 processor. Due to my Sony Xperia
Z3's small internal storage, I might consider buying an iPhone 6 plus or iPhone
6s. As you know, there definitely will be a price reduction on them."

Zhen Xiang, 26, staff member at Yiai Lake Park Administration in Huanggang,
Hubei province

"In design, the iPhone 7 series has not done enough on the innovation front. The
worst thing is the removal of the 3.55mm headphone jack, which will cause
inconvenience for users. Now users need to buy an extra convert-er for
headphones. What's more, consumers have to pay more money for more storage
space. So I certain-ly would not buy a new iPhone, Actually I have more fondness
for my own Huawei Honor 6 plus, which came out with dual cameras two years ago.
And the price is much better."

Zhu Yi, project manager at Research & Development Center (Jiaxing, Zhejiang
province) at Minth Group Ltd, a leading supplier of exterior auto parts

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              827 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Apple CEO goes from record sales to iPhone stumbles

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 960 words


SAN FRANCISCO - Apple chief executive officer Tim Cook called the introduction
of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus over the weekend the "best launch ever."

He may have spoken too soon.

Just three days after announcing that Apple had sold a record 10 million new
iPhones over the opening weekend, Cook was faced with multiple snafus related to
the bigger-screen handsets.

The company pulled a new mobile-software update, dubbed iOS 8.0.1, after the
program caused some people to lose cellular service on Wednesday, and he
promised a fix soon. Scores of consumers also took to social media to criticize
the 6 Plus and how it can bend if sat on or if enough pressure is placed on it.

The stumbles blemished what had been a carefully choreographed product unveiling
that was meant to put Cook's stamp on Apple. Company executives had for months
teased the introduction of the new iPhones before finally debuting them on Sept.
9. The devices had spurred a frenzy of demand, with pre-orders topping four
million, the record weekend sales and a thriving gray market for the smartphones
in China and elsewhere.

Now Cook's rollout of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus is marred, recalling incidents
that the CEO has faced with other product debuts. Last year, Cook apologized for
the iPhone's warranty and repair policies in China after receiving criticism
from state-run media over customer service in the market. In 2012, Cook also
said he was sorry for Apple's malfunctioning mapping software, which was faulted
for misguided directions and inaccurate landmark locations.

"I just wish that Tim Cook had a better handle on things," said Jason Nochimson,
34, an iPhone 6 owner who spent 2 ½ hours on Apple's customer support line after
downloading the software upgrade yesterday and finding it stopped his cellular
service. "I was worried that my daughter's school was going to call me today and
I wasn't going to be able to get them."

Apple said in an emailed statement that it has devised a workaround for iPhone 6
users who lost voice service or other features. Users can reinstall the previous
version of iOS to restore past functionality and Apple plans to release a new
version of the operating system, iOS 8.0.2, in the next few days.

"We apologize for the great inconvenience experienced by users," Apple said in
the statement.

The new iPhones are crucial to Apple. The devices generate more than half of the
company's annual $171 billion in revenue and precede a swath of other products,
including new iPads, an Apple Watch and a mobile-payments system called Apple
Pay.

Yet while Cook deals with consumer criticism over his handling of the iPhone
rollout, the issues may have little impact on Apple's sales. Demand for the new
handsets has the company poised to sell more than 61 million iPhones in the
December quarter, surpassing last year's record 51 million sold, according to
Barclays.

Sales are also set to pick up - not decelerate - as the new iPhones become
available in more countries. On Sept. 19, the first day the handsets went on
sale in stores, Apple rolled them out in 10 countries. The company was set to
introduce the phones in another 22 countries on Friday. In total, the iPhones
will be in 115 countries by the end of the year, Apple has said.

"It will do nothing, I don't suspect it will dampen any demand," said Tim
Bajarin, an analyst at Creative Strategies Inc., about concerns over bending
phones and iOS problems.

Still, some consumers are thinking twice about buying the devices in the wake of
the lastest miscues. After having problems with Apple's new software upgrade to
his old iPhone, James Zahrt, a customer since 1989, decided to put off a new
smartphone purchase.

"I was going to order one immediately" but now "I'm going to wait," said Zahrt,
58, of Mt. Prospect, Ill., who's had troubles with his iPhone 4s's alarm clock
working properly since downloading Apple's iOS 8 software last week. "I think
the bugs need to be worked out on this thing."

The popular tide turned against the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus earlier this week
when reports began emerging that the larger 5.5-inch screen model was bending
when people sat on it. Rivals, including BlackBerry CEO John Chen, took a jab at
the iPhone. He said he "would challenge you guys to bend our Passport" device,
referring to the new Passport smartphone launched on Wednesday.

That was followed by reports from users Wednesday that the iOS 8 software
upgrade, which had been issued to address previous software bugs and add the
health and fitness-monitoring application HealthKit, was causing some customers
to experience dropped cell service.

Nochimson, the customer who spent 2 ½ hours on the phone with Apple customer
service, said his representative was unaware there would be a software update.

"He told me that he was not made aware that Apple was releasing 8.0.1 Thursday,"
Nochimson said. "It was a shock to him that that happened. He said typically
when they do software updates they know about it days in advance, so they're
ready for it."

Frustrations about iOS 8 had been mounting even before Wednesday, with user
complaints that their devices' battery life seemed to have dwindled after
downloading the software, along with data showing applications were more likely
to crash with the operating system. According to Crittercism Inc., an analytics
firm, iOS 8 causes apps to crash about 3.3 per cent of the time, or 67 per cent
more than last year's version.

While glitches aren't unusual for software updates, Apple attracts more
attention, said Frank Gillett, an analyst at Forrester Research.

"Apple is a bit of lightning rod or a focus because as a company, they inspire a
lot of positive and negative passion and also because they are now this company
with a global brand and global reach," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              828 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

Chinese buyers go the extra mile for new iPhones

BYLINE: Agence France-Presse in Tokyo

LENGTH: 541  words


Buyers from the Chinese mainland, deprived of the latest iPhone launch at home,
were among the first in line on Friday in Japan to grab the "6" and its new
large-screen cousin as Apple Inc hit back at rivals.

A thriving secondary market was emerging hours after the first phones left
stores, with the Chinese mainland having been left out of the initial global
rollout.

Dealers in Hong Kong said they were prepared to offer a hefty premium.

"If we are talking about the 128-gigabyte version, we would buy it for as much
as HK$18,000 ($2,320)," said Gary Yiu, the manager of the iGeneration phone
store.

That's more than double the price of the top-of-the-range iPhone 6 Plus.

"I have around 200 pre-orders with 60 to 70 percent of these from mainland
customers," Yiu said, adding he had dispatched 10 staff members to snap up as
many handsets as they could.

Yiu said the golden version of the 128-gigabyte iPhone 6-Plus was the most
sought after model, adding he could resell it for over HK$20,000.

"There will be very little stock for this model, so a lot of people will be
going for it," he said.

In Japan, where the iPhone was being sold without a SIM lock on launch day for
the first time, dozens of Chinese buyers had queued outside Tokyo's Apple
stores.

"We can now buy a SIM-lock free iPhone for the same price as one locked on a
local Japanese carrier," said Lin Wenming, an IT engineer who works in Japan.

Several of the Chinese waiting in line spoke neither Japanese nor English. Some
of those who did indicated they had come from China specially for the launch.

In Sydney, the first place in the world to get the phone, some buyers had also
travelled a long way.

David Rahimi, the first to emerge from the glass doors of the flagship store,
said he was "super excited" to pick up the new model.

Rahimi and girlfriend Jasmine Juan, who are from California, had been outside
the store from 5 am local time, just three hours before the store opened because
they had pre-ordered.

But others, like South Korean Jin Sik Kim, had spent days in front of the store
before the doors opened revealing scores of blue T-shirt wearing Apple employees
ready to help.

Kim, who had travelled from Seoul specifically to buy the phone, said he had
been waiting since Sunday, sleeping out and eating at the nearby McDonald's.

"It's a very unique phone," said Kim who was queueing with six friends and
wanting to buy both models. "It's bigger than the previous model."

Both new models have increased screen sizes in what some see as the company
catching up to a "phablet" trend combining features of smartphones and tablets.

The iPhone 6 has a screen of 4.7 inches and the 6-Plus is 5.5 inches, reflecting
consumers' apparent preference for bigger displays, despite Apple's earlier vow
to stick with the traditional size.

Apple's main rival Samsung Electronics Co Ltd has long had a range of larger
handsets and is due to soon release a new Galaxy Note 4 "phablet."

The California-based tech giant has said more than 4 million pre-orders were
received in the 24 hours after the sale of the new devices was announced.

Customers in line on the first day of sales for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
outside an Apple store in Hong Kong on Friday. Reuters

(China Daily 09/20/2014 page6)

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              829 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

Chinese buyers go the extra mile for new iPhones

BYLINE: Agence France-Presse in Tokyo

LENGTH: 541  words


Buyers from the Chinese mainland, deprived of the latest iPhone launch at home,
were among the first in line on Friday in Japan to grab the "6" and its new
large-screen cousin as Apple Inc hit back at rivals.

A thriving secondary market was emerging hours after the first phones left
stores, with the Chinese mainland having been left out of the initial global
rollout.

Dealers in Hong Kong said they were prepared to offer a hefty premium.

"If we are talking about the 128-gigabyte version, we would buy it for as much
as HK$18,000 ($2,320)," said Gary Yiu, the manager of the iGeneration phone
store.

That's more than double the price of the top-of-the-range iPhone 6 Plus.

"I have around 200 pre-orders with 60 to 70 percent of these from mainland
customers," Yiu said, adding he had dispatched 10 staff members to snap up as
many handsets as they could.

Yiu said the golden version of the 128-gigabyte iPhone 6-Plus was the most
sought after model, adding he could resell it for over HK$20,000.

"There will be very little stock for this model, so a lot of people will be
going for it," he said.

In Japan, where the iPhone was being sold without a SIM lock on launch day for
the first time, dozens of Chinese buyers had queued outside Tokyo's Apple
stores.

"We can now buy a SIM-lock free iPhone for the same price as one locked on a
local Japanese carrier," said Lin Wenming, an IT engineer who works in Japan.

Several of the Chinese waiting in line spoke neither Japanese nor English. Some
of those who did indicated they had come from China specially for the launch.

In Sydney, the first place in the world to get the phone, some buyers had also
travelled a long way.

David Rahimi, the first to emerge from the glass doors of the flagship store,
said he was "super excited" to pick up the new model.

Rahimi and girlfriend Jasmine Juan, who are from California, had been outside
the store from 5 am local time, just three hours before the store opened because
they had pre-ordered.

But others, like South Korean Jin Sik Kim, had spent days in front of the store
before the doors opened revealing scores of blue T-shirt wearing Apple employees
ready to help.

Kim, who had travelled from Seoul specifically to buy the phone, said he had
been waiting since Sunday, sleeping out and eating at the nearby McDonald's.

"It's a very unique phone," said Kim who was queueing with six friends and
wanting to buy both models. "It's bigger than the previous model."

Both new models have increased screen sizes in what some see as the company
catching up to a "phablet" trend combining features of smartphones and tablets.

The iPhone 6 has a screen of 4.7 inches and the 6-Plus is 5.5 inches, reflecting
consumers' apparent preference for bigger displays, despite Apple's earlier vow
to stick with the traditional size.

Apple's main rival Samsung Electronics Co Ltd has long had a range of larger
handsets and is due to soon release a new Galaxy Note 4 "phablet."

The California-based tech giant has said more than 4 million pre-orders were
received in the 24 hours after the sale of the new devices was announced.

Customers in line on the first day of sales for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
outside an Apple store in Hong Kong on Friday. Reuters

(China Daily 09/20/2014 page6)

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              830 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday

More Men Take On Primary Grocery Shopping Role

LENGTH: 912  words

DATELINE: New York


Specialty Food Association, Inc. has issued the following news release:

Apple held its long-awaited product launch this Tuesday in Cupertino,
California. The event was one of Apple's most hyped product releases in recent
history, complete with giant, white cube buildings it created just for the
event.

There had been speculation over what products Apple would choose to launch this
week; the iPhone 6 was a given, but what about a watch? Apple didn't disappoint,
giving CEO Tim Cook the chance to say the magic words that Steve Jobs had said
years before. After debuting the iPhone 6, 6 Plus, iOS 8 and Apple Pay, Cook
said simply, "We have one more thing ..." before unveiling the Apple Watch. So
what should you expect from all of these new products? Here's a run-down of all
the new and improved features:

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus:
Apple is finally giving the people what they want: a larger screen size. The new
iPhone 6 will have a 4.7-inch screen, compared with the 4-inch screen of the
iPhone 5 and 5S. Apple also launched an answer to the Samsung Note. The iPhone 6
Plus will feature a 5.5-inch screen, a size often referred to as a "phablet"
(somewhere in between a phone and tablet). This large screen size could
potentially replace your tablet and allow you to do more business from your
phone.

Both of these phones will feature new hardware changes, including a new M8
co-processor that is designed with fitness and activities in mind. This
processor allows your phone to better measure motion data, without placing as
much strain on your battery life. The new iPhones can also detect changes in
elevation, with a new barometer feature that monitors changes in air pressure.
These features all relate directly to the iPhone Health app, which tracks your
motion. If you're showing condos and climbing a lot of stairs, the new barometer
feature will track that in your Health Dashboard, along with other metrics from
your daily movement.

Your listings are going to love the new and improved 8-megapixel camera, which
auto-focuses twice as fast as before. The panorama size has increased, and the
True Tone flash will better adjust to surrounding lighting. These features mean
your Instagram sneak previews of listings will look better than ever. If you
frequently record video on your iPhone, you know there's room for improvement.
The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus bring just that, coming with increased stabilization
features like the iSight sensor, which continually auto-focuses during video
recording. Plus, you can now record in full 1080p HD.

There are also additional features for improved slow motion. If you only use
your iPhone for selfies, don't worry, Apple improved that, too. The front-facing
camera now has a burst mode, allowing you to rapidly take dozens of pictures
with one push of a button.

Apple Pay:

Though mobile payments have been around for a while, the user experience left
adoption rates low. If anyone can simplify and improve user experience, it's
Apple. The company is doing just that with Apple Pay, a feature that will allow
one-touch checkout in person and in apps on your phone. In person, you'll be
able to place your phone in front of a reader while placing your finger over
your phone's fingerprint sensor to confirm it's you making the payment. In apps,
you can do the same by choosing Apple Pay as your payment type. Your credit card
information is stored within a chip called the Secure Element, which is
dedicated to keeping your payment information secure.

Apple Pay will be available in October 2014 following a software update. Stores
that will begin utilizing Apple Pay include Starbucks, McDonald's, Macy's,
Disney, and many more.

Apple Watch:

If you were able to watch Tim Cook unveil the Apple Watch, you know that this is
a product that Apple is particularly proud of. He called the product the
company's "most personal device ever," a product that seeks to revolutionize the
wearable technology device. Cook ensured patrons that the watch is not simply
just a shrunken iPhone, but in fact a completely innovative form of
communication.

The watch interface is based upon a digital crown, which is a small button on
the side of the watch much like the time adjustment piece on your everyday
watch. This button allows you to scroll through apps and navigate through its
many features. The most practical element of the watch is called "Glances," a
single swipe that lets you see your most important apps, like the weather or
your calendar. The watch is also compatible with the soon-to-be-released Apple
Pay, giving it an advantage over other smartwatches. The Apple Watch is
chargeable with a magnetic charger and will start at $349 in a variety of
colorful wristbands. It will debut early next year.

So what do these super cool new tech gadgets mean for the everyday real estate
professional? The most obvious thing you'll actually use is the iPhone's
improved camera. Your property photos and video should definitely look better
(unless you're currently paying a professional), and that's a good thing. With
the announcement coming just yesterday, it remains to be seen just how the real
estate industry can benefit from these technological advancements, but it's
probably safe to say it won't magically boost your business. Stay focused on
producing useful content and providing stellar service, and you can't go wrong.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              831 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Today's Zaman (Turkey)

                            January 1, 2015 Thursday

TODAYSZAMAN.COM - Apple raises iPhone, MacBook prices in Turkey

LENGTH: 285  words


Apple raises iPhone, MacBook prices in TurkeyApple has raised the prices for its
iPhone, MacBook and iPod products by as high as almost TL 300 ($128) amid the
lira's decline against the dollar and hikes recently introduced on the private
consumption tax (OTV) and stamp tax.According to the Apple Turkey website, an
iPhone 6 with 16 gigabytes of memory now costs TL 2,499 ($1,043).

Its previous price was TL 2,349 ($1,000). The biggest increase appears to be in
the price of the Apple MacBook Pro: The price for a 13-inch, Retina display
MacBook Pro is now TL 3,799 ($1,618), up from TL 3,499 ($1,490).

The new prices have been in effect since Jan. 1The Turkish lira hit record lows
in mid-December, with its lowest point at 241 to the dollar, due to an emerging
market sell-off and domestic political tensions.

One US dollar is currently trading at 235 against the liraThe new prices for
Apple's products are as follows:16 GB iPhone 6: TL 2,499 ($1,043) ndash up from
TL 2,349 ($1,000)64 GB iPhone 6: TL 2,849 ($1,213) ndash up from TL 2,649
($1,128)128 GB iPhone 6: TL 3,199 ($1,362) ndash up from TL 2,949 ($1,256)16 GB
iPhone 6 Plus: TL 2,849 ($1,213) ndash up from TL 2,649 ($1,128)64 GB iPhone 6
Plus: TL 3,199 ($1,362) ndash up from TL 2,949 ($1,256)128 GB iPhone 6 Plus: TL
3,499 ($1,490) ndashup from TL 3,249 ($1,384)16 GB iPhone 5S: TL 2,049 ($872)
ndash up from TL 1,949 ($830)13-inch MacBook Pro with Retina display: TL 3,799
($1,618) ndash up from TL 3,499 ($1,490)13-inch MacBook Air: TL 2,699 ($1,149)
ndash up from TL 2,499 ($1,043)16 GB iPod: TL 629 ($268) ndash up from TL 579
($246)iPod shuffle: TL 149 ($63.5) ndash up from TL 129 ($55)iPod nano: TL 619
($263.

6) ndash up from TL 549 ($234.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Today's Zaman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              832 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

If you have one device, this is it;
State of the Art

BYLINE: FARHAD MANJOO

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 943 words

ABSTRACT

If you're looking for one computer for everything, a phablet like the iPhone 6
Plus isn't a bad way to go.

FULL TEXT

It's time to make peace with the term phablet.

Sure, the tech industry could have come up with a prettier, less jarring way to
refer to smartphones that are big enough to be used as tablet computers. But
phablets deserve their own unforgettably descriptive name. They aren't simply
large-screen phones. They are a distinctly new type of computing device, a
machine that is often more useful, and more versatile, than either smartphones
or laptops.

Phablets could even become the dominant computing device of the future - the
most popular kind of phone on the market, and perhaps the only computer many of
us need.

Now, I've long been on the record as hating big phones. But this week I decided
to try using the latest one, Apple's new iPhone 6 Plus, with its 5.5-inch
display, as my primary, all-purpose computer - a machine for work, fun and
everything in between. I had to make occasional stops at my laptop to write my
articles, but I ended up spending about 80 to 90 percent of my computing time
with Apple's big phone.

I didn't exactly prefer this lifestyle; if you've got the resources and patience
to buy a laptop, smartphone and tablet, go for it. But if an alien race swooped
down on the planet and forced earthlings to use only a single computer, I'd
choose the iPhone 6 Plus. If you're looking for one machine for everything, a
phablet like this isn't a bad way to go.

Apple doesn't use the P-word, but the 6 Plus, which goes on sale on Friday, is
larger than the original Samsung Galaxy Note, the device that came out in 2011
and is generally credited as being the first phablet. (The latest Note has a
5.7-inch screen.) It's obvious why Apple had to make a phablet, a device that
its executives and fans had long made fun of. Despite the awkwardness of holding
a device as large as a cafeteria tray up to your ear, phablets made by Samsung
and other companies have become a huge global hit. Phablets are already more
popular than laptops and desktops, and they'll almost certainly begin outselling
tablet computers soon, too.

Their popularity might reflect the unimportance of the phone part of the
phablet. Instead, some market-watchers argue, a significant number of the
world's population either can't afford or can't manage a tech future in which we
all own  a PC, a tablet and a phone. Lots of people want a single machine that
can fulfill most of their computing needs.

On the other hand, a phablet presents many trade-offs. Depending on the job you
have, there's a good chance it isn't nearly as comfortable for sustained work as
your PC.

What's more, though it's quite thin, the 6 Plus is about 27 percent taller and
32 percent wider than Apple's old flagship, the iPhone 5S. That makes it
something of a monster in your pocket.

Yet what it lacks in pocketability, the iPhone 6 Plus makes up for in usability
and accessibility. Your phablet, like your phone, is a machine you always have
with you, but like a tablet, it has a screen big enough to let you accomplish
many more productive tasks. And unlike a laptop, it's instantly available. Pull
it out of your pocket and begin working anywhere.

Over the last week I used the 6 Plus to do just about everything I normally do
with my phone and my laptop.  This was sort of bizarre; my house is full of
computers, and at least early in my experiment, I often had to restrain myself
from grabbing a laptop to get stuff done.

But I persevered, and soon I found myself falling into the habits of a
phablet-only life.

I found that the 6 Plus has two advantages over smaller smartphones, and one
primary advantage over rival phablets. Typing is much easier on the 6 Plus
compared to small phones. When you hold the 6 Plus with two hands in portrait
mode - that is, vertically - and type with your thumbs, there's a perfect fit.

Using the iPhone's built-in on-screen keyboard or an on-screen keyboard made by
Swype, I found myself jotting emails much more quickly than I have on
traditional smartphones. Unfortunately, in landscape mode - holding the phone
horizontally - the effect was ruined;  the 6 Plus is much too wide to type on
comfortably.

The other obvious advantage over smaller phones is screen size. The 6 Plus's
display is big enough to transform activities that are a bit unpleasant on small
smartphones into tasks that are nearly comfortable to perform on a phone. These
tasks range from watching movies to reading documents to scrolling through
spreadsheets to sorting through email.

The 6 Plus's advantage over other phablets is also pretty obvious: It runs
Apple's iOS, an operating system that is still far more intuitive and
user-friendly than the interfaces that rivals like Samsung have built into their
phones.

What's more important is iOS's fundamental usability advantage over rivals.
Apple's operating system is easier to understand and easier to get around than
Android, and app developers still devote most of their resources to creating the
best apps for iOS first.

One oft-mentioned risk of the 6 Plus, for Apple, is that the big phone will
displace sales of Apple's tablets. But the Plus could actually be a blessing.
Apple sells the 6 Plus to carriers for prices starting at $750; the
high-definition iPad Mini starts at $399.

But to customers who sign up for a cellular contract, the 6 Plus appears cheaper
than the iPad - it's $299. In other words, if you choose a big iPhone over an
iPad, Apple will be selling you a more expensive device at price that looks
cheaper to you. So that's the other big thing about phablets: They can make
money for tech companies.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              833 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Apple react to bendy iPhone 6 claims;
iPhone 6

LENGTH: 435 words



HIGHLIGHT: Apple Inc broke its silence on complaints about bending iPhones,
hours after withdrawing a glitch-ridden software update as the company struggles
to restore momentum to the rollout of its latest phones.


Apple Inc broke its silence on complaints about bending iPhones, hours after
withdrawing a glitch-ridden software update as the company struggles to restore
momentum to the rollout of its latest phones.

"With normal use, a bend in iPhone is extremely rare and through our first six
days of sale, a total of nine customers have contacted Apple with a bent iPhone
6 Plus," Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller said in an email.

Apple shares closed down nearly 4 percent at dollar 97.87 on Thursday, wiping
out nearly dollar 23 billion in market value.

The new phones face criticism over their bendability, dubbed "bendgate." Social
media and online forums have been abuzz with comments about how the new phones
can bend when placed in back pockets or while wearing skinny jeans. Apple said
its iPhones feature stainless steel and titanium inserts to reinforce
high-stress locations and use the strongest glass in the smartphone industry.
The only way an iPhone may have bent is if someone put it in their back pocket
and sat on the phone for a very long time, said Laban Roomes, chief executive
officer of Goldgenie, which customizes and gold plates iPhones. Apple was also
forced to withdraw a faulty update to its latest operating system after some
users of its new phones complained of call service disruptions. Apple released a
new software update late on Thursday to fix the problems, which it said affected
fewer than 40,000 devices. "I do believe this speaks to execution issues at
Apple," said JMP Securities analyst Alex Gauna. "At the end of the day I believe
this too shall pass, but we are noting with concern that the miscues pile up."
Apple said on Monday it had shipped 10 million units of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.
Users of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus also complained about the inability to use the
fingerprint-reading Touch ID after updating to iOS 8.0.1. Some users had
complained of "sluggish Wi-Fi and dwindling battery life" after moving to iOS 8,
Time magazine reported earlier this week. (http://ti.me/1pqlCPt) On Thursday,
Apple issued a step-by-step guide for users to reinstall iOS 8, launched last
week, through the latest version of iTunes. The health app will not work for now
and will be fixed in the next software update, the company said. Customers
might, however, hope for replacements for their bent iPhones, depending on
whether their devices passed an inspection, tech news website the Next Web
reported, quoting an Apple support executive. (http://tnw.co/1rlv7mW) "It's not
game over for Apple, but nor should we give them a pass on this," Gauna said.
(Reuters) For more visit www.businessworld.ie

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              834 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Anniston Star (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

EDITORIAL: Catch the iPhone fever

BYLINE: The Anniston Star, Ala.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 330 words


Sept. 23--The newest models of the iPhone, the 6 and 6 Plus, are gadgets. That's
all.

Granted, they're awesome gadgets -- if you're into that sort of thing. As
smartphones go, these newer, larger iPhones will do everything but cook
breakfast, though you can ask Siri for menu suggestions.

But they're just phones. And mini-computers. And cameras. All built into one.

Last week, the globe went nuts over Apple's latest perfection. More than 10
million iPhone 6 and 6 plus models were sold over the weekend, breaking previous
sales records. In the United States and Australia, Canada and France, Germany
and other nations, people stood in line for hours, if not days, hoping to be one
of the first humans to get their mitts on one of these things.

We love the iPhone as much as anyone else. (For what it's worth, smartphones are
revolutionary tools for journalists who now, with only a few taps on the screen,
can report, photograph and publish information from virtually anywhere and at
any time. We're sold on them.)

But imagine, if you will, a world that went this cuckoo over something less
flashy but more socially important. It would be a progressive thinker's dream.

Poverty's eradication can't compete with a bright, shiny object like an iPhone 6
Plus.

Neither can religious tolerance. Or medical research. Or any of the causes of
global pain -- wars, dictatorships, political differences, drug trafficking,
environmental and industrial pollution, climate change.

Lessening the impact of any of those ailments would be a godsend.

Instead, we get this odd, if not humorous, example of modern-day life on earth,
where millions of people clamor for the update of an expensive gadget. If given
the chance to channel that euphoria into something life-changing, something
morally right, would we? In all likelihood, we already know the answer.

___ (c)2014 The Anniston Star (Anniston, Ala.) Visit The Anniston Star
(Anniston, Ala.) at www.annistonstar.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140923-AO-EDITORIAL-Catch-the-iPhone-fever-0923-20140923

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AO


                        Copyright 2014 The Anniston Star


                              835 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                           January 29, 2015 Thursday
                                 First Edition

The most profitable product in history;
Soaring iPhone sales have given Apple its most lucrative trading quarter ever.
OSCAR WILLIAMS-GRUT reports on the genesis of the world's favourite handset

BYLINE: OSCAR WILLIAMS-GRUT

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 58

LENGTH: 1058 words


According to one estimate, Apple spent $150m developing the iPhone. In the final
three months of 2014 alone Apple sold 74.4 million iPhones, worth $51.1bn . That
$150m surely now ranks as one of the best product investments ever.

The phenomenal sales figures, which surpassed Wall Street's expectations, helped
Apple to record the most profitable quarter of any public company, ever. The
company made a profit of $18bn (£12bn), surpassing the $15.9bn oil giant
ExxonMobil made in the second quarter of 2012.

"There are very few products that have boosted the financials of a company in
the way that the iPhone has for Apple," says Ian Fogg, head of mobile at
research firm IHS.

Much has been written about the innovation of the iPhone, but less attention has
been paid to just how profitable it is.

Apple's profit margin in the last quarter was 40 per cent, but IHS estimates the
margin on an iPhone 6 could be as high as 69 per cent. That percentage is
unusually high and especially notable considering that many of the innovations
that made the original iPhone such a must-have item now come as standard on
cheaper, rival phones.

Richard Holway, the chairman of research firm TechMarketView, says part of the
reason is its premium brand. "It's a bit like having a designer label," he says.
"Right back to the launch of the Mac in 1984, Apple has been a fashion icon as
well as being very good on the technological side. What people want is the
cachet that comes with having an Apple product."

Like most Apple success stories, the iPhone can trace its roots back to Steve
Jobs. Shortly after the first iPod was released in 2002, Jobs began thinking
about an Apple phone and in 2005 he personally negotiated a partnership with
mobile network AT&T, then known as Cingular, to develop the product. Jobs put
Jony Ive, the designer of the iPod and MacBook, in charge of the look of the
handset, which was dubbed Project Purple internally.

Since its debut in 2007 the iPhone has become both a cultural and economic
phenomenon, replacing Blackberry as the most ubiquitous smart phone. The latest
market that Apple has set its sights on conquering is China, where the iPhone
launched in 2012. The cheaper iPhone 5c was developed in part to appeal to the
Chinese market, but it is the latest 6 and 6Plus models that have driven Apple's
sales in the last quarter.

"Although Apple don't split out product-specific revenue for China, we can see
overall revenue rocketed and that's almost certainly because of the effect of
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus," Mr Fogg says.

The latest iterations of the handset have been such a hit due to their bigger
screens. So-called phablets - phones that approach the size and power of tablets
- are popular in emerging markets, where people prefer to buy one device instead
of two.

"When I went to China a few years ago I was amazed by the size of the
smartphones people were using," Mr Holway recalls. "A lot of that's do to with
reading Chinese characters on the screen and things like that. Apple at that
stage had one of the smallest smartphones on the market, but the launch of the
iPhone 6 and particularly the 6 Plus has just blown China away."

The runaway success of the new plus-sized handsets may have come at the expense
of the iPad, with sales of the tablet falling by 18 per cent in the quarter.
Marina Koytcheva, director of forecasting at CCS Insight, cautions against
reading too much into this, however, saying: "The tablet market overall has been
in decline, so Apple is really following the trend. If people are buying an
iPhone 6 Plus instead of an iPad mini, Apple is actually better off. The iPhones
command much higher margins."

The question for both investors and Apple's management is where can the company
go from here? Are these levels of sales, profits and growth sustainable?

"They are now very dependent on one product range, which they've never really
been before," Mr Holway says. "The iPhone is all-dominant within the company.
That certainly makes them more vulnerable."

Apple is set to launch its watch product in April, but Holway believes that it
will take "a lot longer to be a hit than most pundits suggest". The
Cupertino-based firm must pay close attention to its iPhone engine-room to make
sure its share price doesn't suffer a nasty bump. "What we've seen in the mobile
market is companies can sustain market leadership for some time, but no previous
leaders have managed to do so indefinitely," Mr Fogg says. "Motorola, Sony
Ericsson and Nokia used to be market leaders, now they're not in the top ranks.
Apple has to keep innovating."

However, analysts agree that despite the high stakes Apple still looks as though
it has headroom, as well as plenty of firepower to back it up. "People will
always need phones and people in developing countries will always want them
too," Mr Holway says. "Don't forget, there are huge marketplaces such as India,
the middle classes in China and Brazil. You'd be a very brave man to suggest the
demise of Apple."

THINKING BIG

OTHER KEY INNOVATIONS

Jumbo jet

Boeing's four-engined 747, dubbed the Queen of the Skies, entered commercial
service in 1970 and halved the cost of flying single passengers. Boeing expected
to sell only 400 jets before it became obsolete but the 1,500th aircraft was
built last July. Boeing had a 20 per cent estimated profit margin on each plane
at one point.

Sony Walkman

"Don't you think a stereo cassette player that you can listen to while walking
around is a good idea?" asked Masaru Ibuka, the Sony co-founder. He was right,
and in 1979, the Japanese firm introduced the Sony Walkman TPS-L2, a 14oz
portable cassette player. Some 200 million Walkman devices were eventually sold
worldwide.

Xerox photocopier

In 1959 the Xerox Corporation introduced the Xerox 914, an automatic commercial
plain-paper copier. The machine was so popular that photocopying became known as
"Xeroxing". The 914, which was called the "the most successful single product of
all time" by Fortune, had a reported 70 per cent gross profit margin.

Microsoft Windows

The graphical user interface for Microsoft's MS-DOS computer operating system
was released in 1985. Today, Windows software still powers about 80 per cent of
the world's desktop and laptop computers, and each program sold is estimated to
offer a 60 per cent profit margin for the American technology giant.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IA


                      Copyright 2015 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              836 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            October 31, 2014 Friday

New iPhones met with long lines '

LENGTH: 491 words


Won Kyung-hoon, a 41-year-old resident in Seoul, and other customers wait in
line at a sales outlet of LG Uplus in Seocho, Seoul, to receive the iPhone 6,
Friday. Won waited outside the store for more than two days to become the first
receiver of the iPhone 6. / Korea Times photo by Shim Hyun-chulBy Bahk Eun-ji

Hundreds of people waited in long lines to get their hands on the latest iPhone
models at some major outlets of mobile carriers and retail stores early Friday
when Apple started to release the phones in Korea.

Won Kyung-hoon, 41, waited for more than two days in front of a sales outlet of
LG Uplus in Seocho, southern Seoul, to become the first customer to receive an
iPhone 6 from the mobile carrier.

I have nothing to say except that I m happy, he told reporters after receiving
the phone.

The Apple s store, Frisbee in Myeongdong, central Seoul, had a long iPhone line,
with hundreds of customers braving light rain and cold weather to buy an
unlocked iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus.

The three mobile carriers, SK Telecom, KT and LG Uplus also competed to attract
customers, holding events and offering differentiated services and diverse phone
plans.

SK Telecom offers the 16G iPhone 6 for 789,800 won and the iPhone 6 Plus for
924,000 won.

KT offers a 250,000 won reduction as an incentive for users choosing a 129,000
won bill plan.

While LG Uplus provides a 246,050 won discount for those who choose a 120,000
won plan.

Lee Seung-lin, a civil servant in Seoul, said he joined the iPhone line at 6
a.m. and waited for more than five hours. He said he wanted to buy the unlocked
iPhone 6 Plus because he doesn t want to get a contract with the nation s major
mobile carriers.

I ll go with CJ Hellovision s bill plan because it s cheaper, and no requirement
of a two-year contract, Lee said.

CJ Hellovision is one of the mobile virtual network operators (MVNOs) in Korea,
offering cheaper bill plans for budget handsets.

Another customer who bought an iPhone 6 at Frisbee, surnamed Kim living in
Seoul, said he also decided to go with CJ Hellovision s bill plan.

I really hate to sign two-year contracts with major telecommunications
companies. Although I paid 980,000 won for this device today, I think this way
is a lot cheaper, Kim said.

Kim got to the store and joined the line at 7 a.m.

Jung Ji-hee, a 23-year-old college student living in Seoul, visited the LG Uplus
store in Myeong-dong to receive the iPhone 6 she preordered a week ago.

Jung said she does not trust the service provided by MVNOS yet, because they
have little experience compared to major mobile carriers.

I chose LG Uplus because the price is the cheapest at 789,800 won. I liked it,
Jung said.

Kim Hyun-woo, a 27-year-old office worker, said he will choose KT for his iPhone
6.

I don t want to get bothered about bill plans and basically I don t see a big
difference among the telecom company s bill plans and incentives, Kim said. Kim
has used the iPhone 5 with KT s bill plan.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              837 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Apple's response to iPhone glitches is key

LENGTH: 708  words

DATELINE: Washington


Association of Western Pulp & Paper Workers has issued the following news
release:

Apple's response to a high-profile gaffe involving its iPhone software may be
more important than the glitch itself.

As the giant tech company scrambled to fix a software glitch that left some of
its new iPhones unable to make calls, some analysts said Thursday that Apple is
doing the right thing by quickly acknowledging and apologizing for the problem -
which it was slower to do with earlier iPhone problems.

"There's a certain perception that Apple has to get things right, and when they
don't, the whole company gets questioned," said Carolina Milanesi, chief of
research at Kantar Worldpanel. "But they came out and said `We apologize; we're
working 24/7 to fix it.' I think that's what matters."

Apple's stock fell nearly 4 percent Thursday, leading a broader decline in
technology shares, a day after the company was forced to withdraw an update to
its new iOS 8 mobile software because of glitches that primarily affected
customers who had purchased its new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models. The 6 Plus phone
has also been the subject of social media reports that its extra-large shell is
vulnerable to bending.

In a statement Thursday, Apple defended its manufacturing standards and said
bending "is extremely rare" with normal use of an iPhone. The company said just
nine customers had contacted Apple to report a bent iPhone 6 Plus since they
went on sale Friday.

Apple late Wednesday offered users a way to manually reverse the flawed software
update, known as iOS 8.0.1. In a statement, the company added, "We apologize for
the great inconvenience experienced by users, and are working around the clock
to prepare iOS 8.0.2 with a fix for the issue."

Cupertino-based Apple has said it sold a record 10 million of the new iPhone
models over the weekend, in what the company has called one of the biggest
product launches in its history. It also reported this week that nearly half of
all iPhone and iPad users had upgraded to the new software known as iOS 8.

That new software contains a number of new features and is more complex than
earlier versions of iOS, analysts said. Apple released the 8.0.1 update on
Wednesday to fix some flaws that were detected after iOS 8 was released - only
to find the 8.0.1 update created problems of its own. The new problems included
interference with calling and with a feature that lets people unlock their
phones with their fingerprint.

That's not uncommon, according to veteran tech analyst Ross Rubin of Reticle
Research. "All major companies have released fixes that they've had to pull
because of unforeseen side-effects," he added.

As for the bending issue, Rubin said the iPhone 6 Plus is "a large, thin device.
That's not to say customers should treat it gingerly, but it's still an
electronic product and it's an investment, and it should be treated as such."

Apple is held to a higher standard by many consumers, analysts said. But
Milanesi said she thought the company suffered more harm a few years ago, when
it was slow to acknowledge complaints about poor reception and dropped calls
that affected new iPhone 4 models when they were released in 2010. The company
eventually offered a fix for the problem, after then-CEO Steve Jobs initially
suggested users just needed to hold the phone differently.

"There wasn't any of that this time," Milanesi said. She noted that Jobs'
successor, CEO Tim Cook, had also taken responsibility and apologized for
initial problems with Apple's Maps software when it was first released.

Meanwhile, one analyst said Thursday's stock sell-off was more likely related to
broader market concerns than investor unease about the new iPhones.

"Earnings is what drives the stock the most," said Walter Piecyk of BTIG
Research. "It's too early to say what the impact's going to be, but it does not
appear to be something that would impact the company's ability to deliver on
earnings" in the next two quarters.

Apple said users affected by the software glitch can connect their phone to a
Mac or Windows computer and download a file to restore an earlier version of the
iOS 8 software.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              838 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                     September 12, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone 6 Can Bring Forth A Filmmaker In You!

BYLINE: Sanchari Banerjee, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 345  words


High-quality camera filmmakers would love to keep iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in
their pockets because of their excellent camera features.

Friday, September 12, 2014: The new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus from Apple have
created a lot of flutter across the world. Their motion processors, faster CPUs
and larger screens are the main reasons behind all the hoopla. But one of the
greatest features of these smartphones is their camera. High-quality camera
filmmakers would love to keep these devices in their pockets.

Earlier, iPhones have been used to make short films several times. There have
been several iPhone film festivals too but now with iPhone 6 coming up,
expectations are higher as Phil Schiller said "technology used by high-end
DSLRs". The iPhone 6 camera can grab 1080p high-definition clips at 60 frames
per second, take 240-fps slow-motion shots, provide cinematic video
stabilization and offer up to 128 gigabytes of storage. So film-making
technology will surely benefit from this device.

According to WIRED, director Ricky Fosheim says, "The iPhone has been here for a
while, but in 2015 I think there's going to be dozens, hundreds, of movies shot
on the iPhone 6. I hope, at least, people find it a useful tool." iPhone 6 can
click cleaner images than its predecessors and as the director says about the
newest iPhone, "It's adding video stabilisation, it's increasing resolution,
it's making it less grain-y, and hopefully with the new sensor it's increasing
the dynamic range. But you don't need to go through elaborate training to use
this thing, it's literally just that you can take it out of your pocket and
start filming and you can come up with something amazing."

So how can you shoot a film with iPhone 6? It's pretty easy. Get add-on lenses,
like the Olloclip 4-in-1 and high-quality audio can be captured with an add-on
mike. Film-making apps like FiLMiC Pro can also be used, which gives the iPhone
better zoom and control over frame rates and stereo recording support. So just
get ready to become a pro-filmmaker with iPhone 6 in your pocket soon.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              839 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                          September 23, 2015 Wednesday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Apple Supply Of iPhone 6S Seen Lagging Lines Likely At Retail Launch

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ AND INVESTOR'S BUSINESS DAILY

SECTION: A; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 587 words


Apple has sold out its initial online inventory of iPhone 6 S series
smartphones, virtually assuring that there will be lines at its retail stores on
Friday when the new handsets go on sale.

Every model iPhone 6 S and i Phone 6 S Plus is on back order on Apple's website
and won't be shipped for at least one week. The iPhone 6 S Plus is most in
demand, with shipping dates pushed back three to four weeks.

Meanwhile, an analyst says Apple's timetable for its first electric car will
also likely have to be pushed back, and probably more than just three weeks.

In any case, Apple will start selling the iPhone 6 S and 6 S Plus in its stores
at 8 a.m. local time Friday. It suggests customers arrive early.

The ninth-generation iPhones also will be available on Friday from wireless
carriers such as AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile and Verizon, as well as select Apple
authorized resellers.

The iPhone 6 S series phones feature a pressure-sensitive display, a faster
processor, improved cameras and the Live Photos feature that adds motion to
still pictures. The phones come in four colors (silver, gold, space gray and
rose gold) and three data storage configurations (16 gigabytes, 64 GB and 128
GB).

The iPhone 6 S and 6 S Plus start at $649 and $749, respectively, when paid in
full. Apple and wireless carriers also are offering monthly installment billing
plans.

Goldman Sachs analyst Simona Jankowski posted a bullish report on Apple on
Tuesday. She rates Apple stock as buy with a 12-month price target of 163.

Apple fell 1.6% Tuesday to 113.40.

Wall Street is modeling for flat i Phone revenue in fiscal 2016, but Goldman is
forecasting 6% growth.

FBR analyst Daniel Ives said i Phone 6 S demand "looks robust."Based on Apple
store checks, pre-order data and China market analysis, Apple is on a trajectory
to exceed the "Herculean-like" i Phone 6 sales in the December quarter last
year, Ives said. He upped his forecast for iPhone sales in Q4 to 77 million
units from 74 million units. In calendar Q4 last year, Apple sold 74.5 million
iPhones.

Ives rates Apple stock as outperform with a price target of 175.

Tesla Sets Example

As for any Apple e-car, it's unlikely to be in showrooms for consumers to buy in
2019, even if the tech firm is stepping on the accelerator to enter the auto
market, says a UBS analyst.

The Wall Street Journal on Monday said that's the year Apple is targeting for
its first e-car, citing people familiar with the matter.

When an Apple car is ready to hit the road could be a big issue for Tesla.

Tesla stock rose 1.4% Monday despite the WSJ report saying Apple aims to have a
car for sale within four years. Tesla's Model X electric crossover SUV is
expected launch on Sept. 29. But Tesla once hoped to be in volume production of
the Model X by 2014.

Tesla also is targeting the mass market with a $35,000 Model 3, due out in late
2017.

As for Apple, UBS analyst Steven Milunovich said in a research note Monday that
"the 2019 ship date may be overly ambitious, as Tesla delays suggest."

An e-car would "likely use an outsourced manufacturing model as (Apple) does
with most of its products," such as the iPhone, he wrote.

Reports surfaced earlier this year that Apple could be in talks with BMW. Its i3
electric car is said to be a strong challenger to Tesla.

The first Apple-branded electric car will not be self-driving, says the WSJ, but
an autonomous car could be part of Apple's long-range plans.

Goldman Sachs, in a report Sept. 17, said Apple and Google would face challenges
in the low-margin auto market.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              840 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           October 7, 2015 Wednesday

Apple iPhone 6S, iPhone 6S Plus listed on Flipkart

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 195 words


NEW DELHI: While technology giant Apple is still to announce the pricing of its
latest smartphones iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus in India, the flagship devices
have been listed on the country's top e-commerce website Flipkart.

iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus, available in gold, rose gold, and space grey
colours, start at Rs 64,836 and Rs 74,117, respectively. Following are the full
prices of the new iPhones:

Apple iPhone 6S 16GB

Rs 64,836

Apple iPhone 6S 64GB

Rs 74,117

Apple iPhone 6S 128GB

Rs 83,401

Apple iPhone 6S Plus 16GB

Rs 74,117

Apple iPhone 6S Plus 64GB

Rs 83,401

Apple iPhone 6S Plus 128GB

Rs 88,478

These are, however, not the official prices of the new iPhones, and have been
set by the sellers themselves.

According to trade sources, Apple has communicated the indicative prices and
given the go-ahead to begin taking advance orders.

Pre-bookings have officially started at major retail chains across the country,
as well as on Infibeam. The MobileStore, India's largest mobile phone retail
chain, said its 800+ outlets will take pre-orders for Rs 2,000 each up to
October 13.

The devices will become available on the night of October 15.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              841 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple Pay Now Available to Co-Op Bank Customers

LENGTH: 426  words


Oct. 4 -- The Co-op Bank is making Apple Pay available to current account and
credit card customers from today.

Since its launch in mid-2015, Apple Pay has transformed the way consumers pay
for goods and services in the UK and Co-op Bank customers will now be able to
use this easy, secure and private way to pay that's fast and convenient.

Security and privacy is at the core of Apple Pay. When you use a credit or debit
card with Apple Pay, the actual card numbers are not stored on the device, nor
on Apple servers. Instead, a unique Device Account Number is assigned, encrypted
and securely stored in the Secure Element on your device. Each transaction is
authorised with a one-time unique dynamic security code.

As part of its digital transformation, the Co-op Bank has already launched a new
website and improved online banking customer experience, as well as key upgrades
to its mobile banking app during 2016. More digital improvements are in the
pipeline before the end of the year; including: further updates and improvements
to the bank's website and online banking, and with more products and services
being made available online for customers.

Heather Lauder, Distribution Director at The Co-operative Bank said: "Apple Pay
has been something our customers have asked us to deliver and we're pleased we
can say that it's now available for over two million customers.

"Throughout 2016 we've made significant investment in our digital services to
improve customer experience that will make online banking with The Co-op Bank
more efficient and convenient. Security is a vital consideration and we want our
customers to feel secure when banking on the go."

When a customer uses Apple Pay on a compatible device none of the card details
are stored on the phone or hosted on Apple servers.

Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will continue to receive all of the
rewards and benets offered by credit and debit cards. In stores, Apple Pay works
with iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and later, iPhone SE and Apple Watch.

Online shopping in apps accepting Apple Pay is as simple as the touch of a
finger with Touch ID, so there's no need to manually fill out lengthy account
forms or repeatedly type in shipping and billing information. When paying for
goods and services within apps, Apple Pay is compatible with iPhone 7, iPhone 7
Plus, iPhone SE, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air 2,
iPad mini 3, iPad mini 4 and iPad Pro.

For more information on Apple Pay customers can visit:
http://www.apple.com/uk/apple-pay/

Source: Co-Operative Bank

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              842 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                          September 10, 2016 Saturday

No midnight launch for Apple iPhone 7, 7 Plus in India?

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 468 words


NEW DELHI: Seems there will be no midnight launch for Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone
7 Plus in India this time. One of the biggest distributors for Apple devices in
India, Beetel Teletech Ltd has announced that it will launch the new iPhone 7
and iPhone 7 Plus phones at 7pm on October 7, 2016. The new smartphones will be
available at the company's 2,000 retail locations in North and East regions
across the country. The company said that it will also be holding special launch
events across Delhi/NCR region at select locations.

Since past many years, the new iPhone models have been launched at midnight
(sharp 12am) in India, similar to iPhones' midnight launch events in the US and
some other geopgraphies. Another Apple distributor Rashi Peripherals too has
announced that it will start selling the latest iPhones from October 7 in India.
The company, however, has so far not disclosed the time when it will start sales
at its 1,000 locations across the country.The all-new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
come in three variants as per storage -- 32GB, 128GB and 256GB. The colour
options available include Silver, Gold, Rose Gold, Black and Jet Black. The
company has replaced the Space Grey colour variant with its new aluminium-finish
Jet Black and mirrorless-finish Black variants.Though there's not much change in
design terms in the new iPhones, the antenna lines, which previously ran across
the back panel on top and bottom of the devices, now run on the sides giving an
overall cleaner look. Another new feature is water and dust-proofing, courtesy
the IP67 rating. The models also have a new Home button which is now touch
sensitive and uses a new Taptic engine for better response.The handsets, as
rumoured before, have 3.5mm headphone jack replaced with the Lightning
port-based connectors. On display front, iPhone 7 features a 4.7-inch Retina HD
display while the iPhone 7 Plus comes with a 5.5-inch Retina HD display. iPhone
7 packs 12MP rear camera with f/1.8 aperture, 6 Element lens, 4 flash LEDs and
flicker sensor. There's also an Image signal processor to apply machine learning
to distinguish between a human and an object in the image and adjust its
brightness and noise.While iPhone 7 features a single 12MP rear camera, its
big-screen variant iPhone 7 Plus comes with two 12MP rear camera with 2x optical
zooming capability up to 56mm. Both sport a 7MP FaceTime camera for selfies and
video chats.Talking about the performance, the two iPhone 7 handsets are powered
by quad-core Apple A10 Fusion processor. The processor has two high-performance
cores and two high-efficiency cores for a longer battery life and a new 6-core
GPU which is 50% faster than the A9 processor.Last but not the least, there are
also stereo speakers with high dynamic range.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              843 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                    September 10, 2015 Thursday 4:13 PM GMT

Apple iPhone 6s Plus hands-on review: Incremental update or phablet revolution?;

Just what is the difference between the new iPhone handset and its predecessors?
Tom Parsons, Deputy Editor of Stuff.tv, gets his hands on one...

BYLINE: By mirror

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 611 words


"The only things that's changed is everything".

As far as hyperbole goes, that's way up there, but Apple's slogan for the iPhone
6s and 6s Plus is designed to tackle the feeling of familiarity head-on.

Yes, these new phones look just like the ones that went before them, but
underneath the skin they're game-changing.

At least that's the theory.

To find out the truth I made a beeline for the 6s Plus table as soon as the
keynote finished. I've got a 6 Plus and I wanted to know whether it's going to
be worth upgrading. I now feel that it is.

The most significant change for the new phones is the addition of 3D Touch,
which is a further development of the Force Touch tech first seen on the
super-slim MacBook's trackpad back in June.

Force Touch on the MacBook is very handy, but it only really works in the same
way as the right-click of a mouse. 3D Touch is more clever than that.

Apply a bit of pressure in a compatible part of iOS 9 and you activate the
"peek" function, which gives you a glimpse at what's contained within.

iPhone launch live: FIRST LOOK at the new smart phone

Peek and pop feature all over the place on the 6s Plus. On an app icon it can
provide some very useful shortcuts.

For example, use peek on the Phone icon and you get a pop-up list of three
people you might want to call, on Music it can take you straight to a radio
station or an album.

Both versions of the new iPhone get a new 12MP iSight camera, up from the 8MP of
the existing models. And once again the Plus phone gets optical image
stabilisation while the standard 6s does without.

At a hands-on event like this it's impossible to really put a camera through its
paces, but it certainly looks as though those extra megapixels are being put to
good use, with images looking noticeably sharper than those of the 6 Plus.

The 12MP sensor also means panoramas are now 63MP, and the iPhone can now
capture 4K video for the very first time.

But far more interesting and surprising to me is the new Live Photo feature.

Apple reveal new Apple TV with exciting new features

As you scroll through the Photos app you'll see a flash of movement on those
that were taken with Live Photo, and if you press on them you'll see the extra
bit of footage that was captured.

Naturally the new iPhones are more powerful than those that went before.

Both the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus get Apple's new A9 chip, which the company says
improves overall CPU performance by up to 70% over the previous generation, and
graphics performance is apparently up by a whopping 90%.

Honestly, I didn't notice the difference during my brief hands-on with the 6s
Plus. Yes, it operation is lightning fast, but it's not as though the 6 Plus is
sluggish. Where the increased power will probably be useful is in new, more
graphically intensive games, such as the aforementioned Warhammer 40K:
Freeblade.

Both the 6s and 6s Plus are thicker than the phones that preceded them to the
tune of 0.2mm. That puts the 6s Plus at 7.3mm thick, and it's heavier too, at
192g compared to the 6 Plus' 172g.

3D Touch is just so simple, intuitive and time-saving that I think it's one of
those features that you'll grow so used to you'll wonder how you ever lived
without it, while Live Photos adds a really beautiful extra layer of warmth to
your still photos.

Both of those features are game-changing, and I want them in my life just as
soon as possible.

I won't have to wait long: pre-orders for both the 6s and 6s Plus open on 12th
September and both will be available on 25th September.

Tom Parsons is the Deputy Editor of Stuff.tv, where a longer version of this
review originally appeared. Check it out for the latest gadget news, reviews and
features.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              844 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                           February 12, 2013, Tuesday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup - blizzard delayed - for week ending Feb. 8;
The 5-inch phone with 5G Wi-Fi, and how Apple can increase sales

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 2135 words


As a massive blizzard enveloped the Northeast U.S. (and delayed this edition of
The Rollup), a blizzard of rumors sweptthe iOSphere about iPhone 6.

There were "reports" from such sources as a "friend at a supplier" in Apple's
supply chain about seeing not one but two new iPhones, one with a
bigger-than-4-inch screen. There was actually some informed speculation on how
Apple might achieve that without disrupting its ecosystem for iOS apps.

Because Samsung is rumored to be introducing "5G" Wi-Fi in its next Galaxy S
smartphone, it logically follows that Apple will, too. And finally some sound
advice for Apple on how to make the 2013 holiday sales of the Next iPhone even
more successful: reduce the number of days that people can buy it.

You read it here second.

___________ ___________ CNET was one tech site that noticed, or noticed other
tech sites noticing, a Chinese language blog post that declared that both the
iPhone 5S and the 5-inch iPhone 6 "have shown up at an Apple supplier in China,"
writes CNET's Steven Musil.  [ RELATED: iPhoneys: iPhone 6 edition ] "The models
could be released this year, according to a post by a Sina Tech user called Old
Yao," Musil writes. "He reports that a friend of his at a supplier has seen the
models and says that the iPhone 5S resembles the iPhone 5, while the iPhone 6 is
wider, longer, and thinner."

"CNET has contacted Apple for comment and will update this report when we learn
more."

We're not holding our breath.

We're confident Musil got the general sense of the Chinese right. If you read
Chinese, you can have at it yourself. If not, savor the Google Translate version
of the original blog post: "A buddy from the apple vendor to see will be
released this year the iphone 5s and iphone iphone 5s iphone 5 is said to almost
the iphone 6 changes, screen should be Wucun, than crazy five wider, longer,
thinner, lighter, just people not to take pictures, otherwise everyone to
share."

We move from the ridiculous to the genuinely speculative. Apple watchers, Rene
Ritchie at iMore, and Marco Arment, creator of Instapaper, at Marco.org,
recently and separately put together some thoughtful analysis on how Apple could
actually create a larger-screen phone.

Essentially, they've asked the question, "If Apple did decide to create a 5-inch
iPhone, how could they do it, what would the trade-offs be, and which design
option would they be most likely to use?"

Ritchie's most recent commentary on this, "More on a 5-inch iPhone and scaling
the interface," reiterates his point that "stretching the screen" of the iPhone
5 offers the simplest way to create a big-screened iPhone.

"If you think of the iPad mini as a tablet that's using phone [pixel] density,
then the big iPhone is just a phone using tablet [pixel] density," he writes.
"[The result is that] you have phone interface at high density, phone interface
at less-high density, tablet interface at high density, tablet interface at
less-high density."

"Then, just like there's an 11- and 13-inch MacBook Air, and a 13- and 15-inch
MacBook Pro, there's a 4- and 5-inch iPhone, and a 7.9 and 9.7-inch iPad," he
writes.

Here's iMore's mockup of how the iPhone lineup would look. From right: the
5-inch "iPhone maxi," the 4-inch iPhone 5, iPhone 4, and at far left, the
original iPhone.

Arment argues along similar lines in his blog post "A crazier prediction: iPhone
Plus is real, and huge." "The iPad Mini uses iPhone 3GS-density screens at iPad
resolution," he notes. "What if an iPhone Plus used Retina iPad screens with
iPhone 5 resolution, keeping the rest of the design sized like an iPhone 5?" By
"keeping the rest of the design sized like an iPhone 5," Arment seems to mean
that the iPhone Plus would appear to be "an iPhone 5 that's proportionally
larger."

Here are the relevant current resolution and pixel densities (PPI) for
reference:

* iPad retina: resolution, 1028 x 1536; PPI, 264 * iPad 2: resolution, 1024 x
768; PPI, 132 * iPad mini: resolution, 1024 x 768; PPI, 163 * iPhone 3GS:
resolution, 480 x 320; PPI, 165 * iPhone 5: resolution, 1136 x 640; PPI, 326 *
Arment's iPhone Plus: resolution, 1136 x 640; PPI, 264The Plus would have the
iPhone 5's resolution and the retina iPad's pixel density. The screen size would
measure 4.94 inches diagonally, Arment says. He created a Photoshop rendering
comparing iPhone 5 and iPhone Plus.

"By keeping the pixel dimensions the same as the iPhone 5, no app changes would
be necessary," Arment writes, underscoring what is probably a vital concern for
Apple. "While the larger screen would hinder one-handed use, two-handed use
would actually be easier because the touch targets would all be larger, and
UIKit's standard metrics and controls still work well at that physical size."
The UIKit framework provides the classes needed to build and manage an iOS
application's user interface.

Why or whether Apple would create a larger phone remains an open question.
Ritchie uses some hard data to create a useful perspective for answering it.

"Almost 9 out of 10 AT&T customers bought 4-inch or smaller iPhones last quarter
rather than all big screen Android and Windows Phones combined, and roughly 6
out of 10 Verizon customers did the same," he writes. "So aside from geeks who
keep posting about how they really want it, and shoppers for whom bigger as a
feature is always better, Apple might not feel any pressing, mainstream need to
add another screen size to the iPhone product line. Yet."

And we know this because there are people who are expecting that Samsung's
forthcoming Galaxy S IV smartphone will use a Broadcom chip that supports the
IEEE 802.11ac standard, which can achieve 1.3Gbps. This expectation "has lead
[sic] to speculation" that the Next iPhone will, too.

Simple, eh? It's the iOSphere's idea of logic.

"News that Samsung's Galaxy S4 smartphone (expected to launch this month) may
support 802.11ac, also known as '5G Wi-Fi', has lead [sic] to speculation that
Apple's next iPhone could support standard as well," according to Macworld
Australia.

This "news" apparently is simply a comment, presumably in a Note To Investors,
by Evercore Partners stock analyst Patrick Wang. According to Macworld AU, Wang
"has said that new connectivity chips from Broadcom are expected to be used in
the Samsung's Galaxy S4, and that Apple is also believed to be in talks with
Broadcom about new chips for its iPhone 6, as well as the rumoured low-cost
iPhone."

The passive voice covers a multitude of speculation, guesses and sheer wishful
thinking.

Macworld AU quotes Wang as saying, "We conducted a series of check that indicate
[Broadcom's] combo chip (likely 4335, with 5G Wi-Fi, BT, FM) remains designed
into Samsung's forthcoming Galaxy S4."

One would give a great deal to be assured that "conducting a series of checks"
entailed more than "we searched a bunch of tech rumor websites."

But, Wang warns, according to the Macworld post, "that he believes Apple may
only use Broadcom's 43342 combo chip, which works on 802.11a/b/g/n, BT, FM
networks in its iPhone 6, alternatively dubbed iPhone 5S, with a ramp starting
mid-2013." That would be Bad News, because we might have "only" 802.11n on a
2013 iPhone instead of "5G Gigabit Smoking Awesome" 11ac.

Yet for the initial 11ac-equipped smartphones, the chips, including Broadcom's
BRC4335 supposedly destined for the Next Galaxy S, will only support one data
stream. Assuming it can find an 11ac access point or router to connect with, and
get an 80MHz-wide channel, and 256 QAM modulation, and it's not sharing the air
with other 11ac clients, it might realize a throughput of 300Mbps.

Which, no doubt about it, is pretty good.

Broadcom announced its 11ac chip lineup in January 2012, with a battery of chip
products supporting one to three spatial streams, targeted at different classes
of products (access points, routers, PCs, smartphones, tablets, embedded
devices); some of the chips, called "combo chips," also support Bluetooth 4.0
and/or FM radio. The BCM4335 11ac chip announced last July and "expected" in the
next Galaxy S is one such "combo" chip. It's due to ship in volume in Q1 2013 --
any time now.

AnandTech's Brian Klug noted in July that the BCM4335 that the BCM4335 "includes
a number of the optional 802.11ac features including 256QAM, short guard
interval, beamforming, low density parity check (LDPC), and space-time block
coding (STBC).

This results in a PHY rate of 433.3 Mbps [actual throughput as mentioned above
would be about 300Mbps] with 80 MHz channels on 802.11ac."

The BRC4334, which Wang fears may be Apple's choice for the Next iPhone, is also
a combo chip, which supports 802.11n. Apple first selected it for the iPhone 5.
It's widely used in the industry. One of its most important capabilities is that
the iPhone 5 become the first model, and one of the first phones in the
industry, to be able to use the uncluttered 5GHz band, instead of only the
2.4GHz band. [see "FAQ: iPhone 5 and 5GHz Wi-Fi"] Though still in the process of
being ratified formally by the IEEE, the 11ac standard is for all practical
purposes finalized.

The Wi-Fi Alliance will start interoperability testing and certification of 11ac
products this spring. That could be soon enough for Apple to introduce it in an
iPhone later this year. But Apple didn't rush into LTE: The iPhone 5 in fall of
2012 was the first iPhone model to support it.

The benefits of running 11n Wi-Fi in the 5GHz band probably will outweigh those
offered by an 11ac phone that will find far fewer 11ac routers and access points
and hotspots with which to connect, until home, office, and carrier networks are
gradually upgraded to the new standard. [See "11ac will be faster, but how much
faster really?"] So while there's little doubt that Apple is evaluating 11ac,
there's somewhat more doubt about when it might introduce it to the iPhone.

If Apple wants to succeed with the Next iPhone, it "might have better luck
waiting until the very end of the year to announce its newest iPhone, rather
than follow Apple's new 11-month release cycle that might see a new iPhone in
September, or even August."

That's the contention of Dave Smith, writing for International Business Times
(IBT).

Let's assume there is logic at work here.

"Last year, the iPhone 5 took product hype to a new level," Smith asserts.
"Unfortunately, despite people talking about this unknown device for more than a
full 12 months, introducing the device only seemed to dampen excitement
surrounding Apple."

Wait. The iPhone 5 was introduced and it dampened excitement? Could this be the
same iPhone 5 that set all-time sales records, and drove all-time revenue
records, in Apple's first quarter? The same iPhone that, as iMore's Rene Ritchie
pointed out above, "almost 9 out of 10 AT&T customers bought ... and roughly 6
out of 10 Verizon customers [also bought] ..."?

"The iPhone 5 has been a very successful product for Apple," Smith admits,
somewhat confusingly. So it didn't dampen excitement?

"[B]ut the company needs to reenergize its fan base if it hopes to outdo its
iPhone 5 sales with the 2013 iPhone." Yet every iPhone model has been
significantly more successful than the previous model, suggesting that the "fan
base" is has been increasingly energized.

"To feed the hype machine, Apple should wait for a longer-than-normal period to
release the iPhone 6," Smith concludes.

Specifically, without hashing the entire 2007-2012 history of Apple's iPhone
release dates yet again, Smith believes that the way for Apple to even more
successful with the Next iPhone is to delay releasing it until November 2013.

In other words, Apple will sell more iPhones during the holiday season by
selling them for a shorter holiday season.

That seems, shall we say, counterintuitive.

But, according to Smith, by releasing iPhone 5 in late September 2012,
"customers were left more time to choose between Apple's latest iPhone and all
other smartphones released during that time." So, logically, by releasing iPhone
6 in November or possibly even December, buyers would have less time to choose
between iPhone 6 and ... uh ... all the other phones that still could be
released between September and December.

Or something.

"If Apple wants the iPhone 6 to be its best-selling smartphone ever, the company
needs to release the phone closer to the Christmas holiday," Smith blithely
asserts, repeating his insight that shortening the holiday buying season for the
Next iPhone would result in higher sales. Somehow.

Perhaps he's counting on the Frenzy Factor in buying, which results in the
by-now-expected Black Friday shopping riots, visible in this handy YouTube
compilation for 2012 or one of the free-for-alls for the latest Air Jordan
basketball shoe.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network World.
Twitter: @johnwcoxnww Email: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              845 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           February 3, 2016 Wednesday

Apple to fix major design flaw with iPhone 7

LENGTH: 239  words


By tbreak Staff -

Rumors suggest that the iPhone 7 will be out in September, but if these rumors
are to be believed, you can also expect a massive design change.

Apple is reportedly doing away with the famous iPhone camera bump that made the
lens protrude from the body of the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. This design choice was
debuted in the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus way back in 2014, and critics often compared
the phone to a wobbly bar stool when kept on a flat surface. However, with the
iPhone 7, the lens bump will be gone with the rest of the aluminum back, along
with the rear antenna lines as well. The same clean look will also make way to
the iPhone 7 Plus, but with a dual camera system as well.

iPhone 7 is not the next iPhone to be announced, because Apple might be coming
out with a smaller iPhone 5SE next month. This 4 inch iPhone, earlier called
iPhone 6C, is rumored to contrast with the flagship iPhone by combining the
iPhone 6S specs with a small hand friendly design that is closer to the iPhone
5S.

Apple is rumored to have a major event in March, and if the rumors are to be
true it will showcase a lineup of new phones, tablets and wearables: the iPhone
5SE, iPad Air 3 and new Apple Watch bands. If the 5SE is announced at the event,
it leaves just 7 months for the iPhone 7. Additional hints to the iPhone 7 might
also be visible with the iOS 10 beta expected in June.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/19/145451388028.jpg



LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              846 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

iOS 8 adoption hits 46% within a week of launch

SECTION: OPERATING SYSTEMS; Sales News

LENGTH: 195 words



HIGHLIGHT: 49% of its users still use iOS 7


Within a week of release, about 46% of Apple users have installed the latest iOS
8 in their devices via App Store.

The iPhone maker noted in its App Store Distribution page that 49% of its users
still use iOS 7, and 5% use its previous iteration of mobile OS, exceeding
earlier estimates.

One factor that may have delayed the adoption could be due to Apple's
specifications to have a large amount of free space on users' device for
installing the iOS 8 version.

The new OS version comes with improved interface and security, in addition to
some major modifications compared to iOS 7, which include a visual revamp
together with functional tweaks such as the capability to deal with messages and
accept calls.

In addition, Apple also reported that sales of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus have
surpassed 10 million within three days of its launch.

Apple CEO Tim Cook said: "Sales for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus exceeded our
expectations for the launch weekend, and we couldn't be happier."

With the new 5.5 inch iPhone 6 Plus, and 4.7 inch iPhone 6, Apple made its entry
into the big display market and increased the display size while trimming down
overall size to develop a slim phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              847 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            October 6, 2015 Tuesday
                               Bangalore Edition

iPhone Launch a Bigger Affair this Time

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 547 words


Apple is roping in top telcos Bharti Airtel and Vodafone India as vendor
partners and pulling out all stops to make its iPhone 6s launch in India a
blockbuster that will build on record sales of 1.7 million units in its last
financial year in the world's fastest-growing smartphone market.

For the first time, the Cupertino-based smartphone giant is forging partnerships
with the telcos well in advance of the launch planned for October 16.
Previously, operator plans came out months later.

Consumers can look forward to EMI schemes where they would need to pay only a
small upfront amount and split the remainder up into 12 or 24 monthly
instalments, or data-bundling offers with an upfront and equal monthly payments
that will include a specified or even unlimited data, sources said. Analysts
said consumers can also expect plans for device upgrades at the end of a
12-month cycle as there is a significant user base in India willing to shift to
new iPhones year after year.

The tie-ups and offers, as well as the move to start selling in India much
earlier that it

usually does after a global launch, underscore the growing importance of India,
which is set to overtake the US as the world's second-largest smartphone market
by 2017.Apple is looking to rapidly add to the 1.7 million units it sold in its
financial year ended September 2015, according to data from Counterpoint
Technology Market Research. This was a 55% jump from almost 1.1 million devices
sold in its previous financial year. Apple didn't comment on the data.

"Vodafone India will offer iPhone 6s and

iPhone 6s Plus, the most advanced iPhones ever, beginning on October
16,\xE2\x80? a Vodafone India spokesperson said. Customers can register for the
devices beginning October 9 on the company's website. India's No. 2 telco didn't
disclose plan details. After registration, customers can choose to buy the
phones through an ecommerce partner or at Vodafone's retail outlets, sources
added.

Vodafone had announced a tie-up in January this year, after the then Apple
flagship iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were launched in Octo

ber 2014. It had introduced tariff plans based on instalments for all its
devices, starting from the iPhone 4s.

Bharti Airtel is working on a tie-up with Apple which would be finalised
shortly, a company official said. The country's largest telco, which is heavily
advertising its 4G services, "would want to offer the 4G on iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus,\xE2\x80? the company official added, indicating that plans for its
high-speed broadband services could be offered as part of a bundled package.

Analysts said Apple's performance in India last year was by far its strongest
yet. The smartphone market in India is currently dominated by Samsung
Electronics and domestic vendors Micromax Informatics and Intex. "It continues
to be a highly aspirational smartphone for the growing urban smartphone
users,\xE2\x80? said Tarun Pathak, a senior analyst at Hong Kong-based
Counterpoint Research. "Strong momentum of Apple iPhone 6and iPhone 6 Plus,
which together generated over half of the total iPhones volumes, ensured a
strong fiscal for Apple in India.\xE2\x80? Apple, which launched the iPhone in
2007, ignored India for a long time and increased its focus on the market only
over the past couple of years.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              848 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       July 28, 2015 Tuesday 12:46 PM GMT

Apple iPhone 7: Release date, price, news and rumours;
Apple's next superstar smartphone is surely in the pipeline - here's everything
we know about it so far

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 655 words


Recent smartphones like the Samsung Galaxy S6 and HTC One M9 have ratcheted up
the pressure on Apple to produce something special for 2015.

The notoriously secretive company has already revealed its new iOS 9 operating
system at this year's WWDC. But that's just the precursor to what everyone wants
to know about: the hardware.

Plenty of rumours have already started to fly about what Apple has in store for
its iPhone 7 (or iPhone 6S) handset.

We've collected all the latest information into one place so you can get the
complete lowdown on what is sure to be the most-hyped smartphone of the
year.Apple iPhone 7: Release date

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's unlikely that we'll see
anything officially revealed until September 2015.

Both the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 5S were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy. It will look to take advantage of Black Friday
sales and the run up to Christmas.

Even if the next version is revealed in September, it's unlikely to actually be
available to buy in the UK until October.Apple iPhone 7: Camera and design

A big clue about what to expect from the iPhone 7's camera was discovered by
developer Hamza Sood inside the iOS 9 code.

The code includes support for a front-facing camera flash - something currently
unavailable on any existing model of iPhone.

Hamza tweet 1

What's more, the code also reveals the next iPhone will be able to run FaceTime
at full 1080p high definition. Currently, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus can only
manage 720p defintion.

Apple is clearly targeting selfie-mad snappers who prefer the front-facing
camera to the rear-facing one.

In terms of design, the iPhone 6 was a big change from the iPhone 5S and it's
unlikely Apple will redesign the appearance two years running.

Having said that, both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the
Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones.

Screen size is a much more contentious issue however. Some rumours have
suggested Apple will reveal three handsets this year, each with a different
screen size.

Alongside the 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch upgrades to the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, some
rumours have suggested a smaller iPhone 6C could be revealed with a 4-inch
screen.

If true, it would give Apple a "budget" option to appeal to those who don't want
to fork out for the larger phones.Apple iPhone 7: Specs

Because the new iPhone will arrive with Apple's iOS 9 software and an upgraded
processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to a report from Reuters, Apple's arch-nemesis Samsung will be
responsible for building 75% of the new processor.

Likely to be called the A9 chip, the new beating heart of the iPhone will be
smaller than the previous iteration - allowing engineers to cram even more
transistors onto the silicone.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.

So far, Apple has resisted updating the random-access memory (RAM) of its
smartphones, but some sources expect the new model to have at least 2GB of RAM
on the clock.Apple iPhone 7: Price

If the rumours of a smaller, cheaper iPhone 6C are true then it's unlikely that
Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6 - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here, plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              849 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            October 12, 2015 Monday

iPhone 6s challenged by old models in China?

LENGTH: 338  words


Despite Chinese customers seemingly insatiable hunger for the new Apple
smartphone models, the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the handset still faces
challenges, with the biggest likely from old models.

The new Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus are displayed during an Apple media event in
San Francisco, California, in this file photo from September 9, 2015.
[Photo/Agencies]

BEIJING - Despite Chinese customers seemingly insatiable hunger for the new
Apple smartphone models, the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the handset still
faces challenges, with the biggest likely from old models.

A research note shows that the previous models, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus,
enjoyed stellar sales before the new handsets were released in September, which
may encroach the market expansion of new models.

The two previous recent models were the best-selling smartphones in urban China
from June till August, according to a report of the UK-based market research
company Kantar Worldpanel.

"Buyers mentioned clarity and resolution, camera quality and screen size as the
three most important purchase drivers," said Tamsin Timpson, strategic insight
director of the company's Asia branch. In the three-month circle, smartphone
sales represented 84 percent of overall phone sales in China.

The report did not reveal what is behind the favor for the last models, but it
is a common phenomenon that some Chinese consumers, especially iPhone buyers,
are inclined to choose the older version with favorable prices ahead of new
product release.

So far, the new models have performed well in the Chinese market, the world's
second largest after the United States. Apple sold around 3 million iPhone 6s
and iPhone 6s Plus in the week after the launch, according to media reports.

In the US, however, market share for Apple iOS between June and August was at
its lowest point since August 2014, as customers waited for the new products to
become available in September, the report showed.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/72/144463830587.jpg

b083fe955aa1178593e016.jpg

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              850 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            February 9, 2015 Monday

Apple's iPhone profits leaves rivals with little but table scraps

BYLINE: Troy Wolverton

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 488 words


Apple has long gobbled up an outsized share of the smartphone industry's
profits. But in the fourth quarter, the iPhone maker's slice of the profit pie
reached comically largely proportions.

In the holiday period, Apple made about $19.4 billion in pre-tax profits from
selling its lineup of iPhones, estimated Michael Walkley, a financial analyst
who covers Apple for Canaccord Genuity, in a report issued Sunday. That
represented about 93 percent of the total operating profits generated by the
entire industry, which was an all-time high for Apple, Walkley wrote.

"We believe Apple's iPhone 6/6 Plus smartphones dominated December smartphone
sales at unprecedented levels," Walkley wrote in his report.

In the fourth quarter a year earlier, Apple soaked up 75 percent of smartphone
industry profits, according to Walkley. For all of 2014, profits from iPhone
sales accounted for 79 percent of profits.

Apple reported record earnings last month on huge iPhone sales growth . The
company sold 74.5 million iPhones in the quarter, which was up 46 percent from
the same period a year earlier.

According to Walkley's report, Apple was one of only two companies whose slice
of the smartphone profit pie was larger than 1 percent. Samsung, which gleaned
about $1.8 billion in profits from selling its lineup of Galaxy phones,
accounted for 9 percent of total industry profits. That was Samsung's smallest
portion of industry profits since 2008, Walkley wrote.

The six other companies mentioned in Walkley's report either posted profits that
were so small that they essentially had a 0 percent share of the pie, or they
lost money on their smartphone sales, meaning that their share was actually
negative. Microsoft was the worst in that regard; according to Walkley's
analysis, the software giant lost about $414 million on its smartphone sales in
the fourth quarter, giving it a -2 percent share of industry profits.

"Other leading (smartphone manufacturers) continue to struggle," he wrote.

Apple's expanding portion of the smartphone industry's profits has come despite
the fact that its share of total smartphones sold actually was flat last year,
according to Walkley's estimate. Apple sold 192.7 million iPhones in 2014, which
accounted for 15.5 percent of the total smartphones sold. That's the same share
Apple had in 2013, when it sold 153.5 million, according to Walkley.

Other estimates have indicated that Apple's share of smartphone device sales
actually fell last year.

Walkley forecast that Apple's strong iPhone sales will continue this year, as
existing iPhone owners upgrade their phones to the new models and the new
big-screened iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models lure away Android users.

"We believe these trends should grow Apple's iPhone installed base and bodes
well for future strong iPhone replacement sales, earnings, and cash flow
generation," he wrote.

Photo of Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models courtesy of the company.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              851 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                             October 9, 2016 Sunday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2 launch in India: Here's
everything you need to know

BYLINE: dna Web Team

LENGTH: 574  words


The most anticipated smartphones and smartwatches of the year finally arrive in
India.

As promised, the Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and the Apple Watch Series 2
launched in India today. The devices are to available for purchase through
online retailers and authorised Apple distributors starting at 7pm Indian Time
on Friday (6 October).

The most anticipated smartphone launch of the year will see three variants of
both smartphones. The 32GB, 128GB and 256GB variant of the 4.7-inch iPhone 7
will be priced at Rs 60,000, Rs 70,000 and Rs 80,000, respectively. The 5.5-inch
iPhone 7 Plus is also available in same storage capacity and will cost Rs 72,000
for 32GB, Rs 82,000 for 128GB and Rs 92,000 for 256GB.

One of the biggest changes in the iPhones is that Apple has removed the 3.5mm
headphone jack that was seen in earlier iterations. The USB Type-C port that
supports Quick Charging will double as an audio port. The devices will also be
shipped a pair of Apple patented Lightning EarPods and a 3.5mm headphone
converter.

The devices are also dust and water resistance with an IP67 rating and are
currently the highest rated smartphone on AnTuTu benchmark with a
record-breaking 178,397 points. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is available in
five colour options which include Gold, Jet Black, Matte Black, Rose Gold, and
Silver.

iPhone 7 Specifications

The iPhone 7 is equipped with a 4.7-inch Retina HD screen that supports 3D Touch
with a 1334x750-pixel resolution at 326 ppi (pixels per inch). The smartphone
runs Apple's A10 Fusion chipset which is embedded with an M10 motion
coprocessor.

Coming to the camera, It has a 12-megapixel rear camera that features f/1.8
aperture, digital zoom up to 5x, a six-element lens, Backside illumination
sensor, optical image stabilisation, a Quad-LED True Tone flash, sapphire
crystal lens cover, 4K video recording at 30fps, and 1080p HD video recording at
60fps to name a few. It also comes with a 7-megapixel FaceTime HD camera with
f/2.2 aperture, Retina Flash, Auto image stabilisation, Backside illumination
sensor and 1080p HD video recording

iPhone 7 Plus specifications

The iPhone 7 Plus offers most of the same specifications as the iPhone 7. The
only difference is that it harbours a 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 3D Touch
support at a 1920x1080-pixel resolution with 401ppi.

The iPhone 7 features two 12-megapixel rear cameras: a wide-angle camera with
f/1.8 aperture and a telephoto camera with f/2.8 aperture.

It also has a bigger battery that the iPhone 7 and weighs 188 grams.

Apple Watch Series 2

The Apple Watch Series 2 has launched alongside the smartphones at Rs 32,900 for
the basic model. The Nike+ model (that comes with a Nike specific features) will
also cost Rs 32,900 while the ceramic Apple Watch Edition is priced at Rs
110,900.

The new Apple Watch comes with improved water resistance functionality. The
speakers are used to push out water from the watch and halts touch input while
the device is submerged in water.

It features the new S2 processor which Apple says will give 50 percent that the
previous generation and comes with additional functionality like GPS and a
barometer.

It is equipped with a larger battery which Apple claims will give 18 hours of
usability with each full charge even while using GPS.

The Apple Watch Series 2 and the Apple Watch Edition will be available are
available now while The Nike+ version is expected to be available later in
October in India.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              852 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            October 8, 2016 Saturday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2 launch in India: Here's
everything you need to know

BYLINE: dna Web Team

LENGTH: 574  words


The most anticipated smartphones and smartwatches of the year finally arrive in
India.

As promised, the Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and the Apple Watch Series 2
launched in India today. The devices are to available for purchase through
online retailers and authorised Apple distributors starting at 7pm Indian Time
on Friday (6 October).

The most anticipated smartphone launch of the year will see three variants of
both smartphones. The 32GB, 128GB and 256GB variant of the 4.7-inch iPhone 7
will be priced at Rs 60,000, Rs 70,000 and Rs 80,000, respectively. The 5.5-inch
iPhone 7 Plus is also available in same storage capacity and will cost Rs 72,000
for 32GB, Rs 82,000 for 128GB and Rs 92,000 for 256GB.

One of the biggest changes in the iPhones is that Apple has removed the 3.5mm
headphone jack that was seen in earlier iterations. The USB Type-C port that
supports Quick Charging will double as an audio port. The devices will also be
shipped a pair of Apple patented Lightning EarPods and a 3.5mm headphone
converter.

The devices are also dust and water resistance with an IP67 rating and are
currently the highest rated smartphone on AnTuTu benchmark with a
record-breaking 178,397 points. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is available in
five colour options which include Gold, Jet Black, Matte Black, Rose Gold, and
Silver.

iPhone 7 Specifications

The iPhone 7 is equipped with a 4.7-inch Retina HD screen that supports 3D Touch
with a 1334x750-pixel resolution at 326 ppi (pixels per inch). The smartphone
runs Apple's A10 Fusion chipset which is embedded with an M10 motion
coprocessor.

Coming to the camera, It has a 12-megapixel rear camera that features f/1.8
aperture, digital zoom up to 5x, a six-element lens, Backside illumination
sensor, optical image stabilisation, a Quad-LED True Tone flash, sapphire
crystal lens cover, 4K video recording at 30fps, and 1080p HD video recording at
60fps to name a few. It also comes with a 7-megapixel FaceTime HD camera with
f/2.2 aperture, Retina Flash, Auto image stabilisation, Backside illumination
sensor and 1080p HD video recording

iPhone 7 Plus specifications

The iPhone 7 Plus offers most of the same specifications as the iPhone 7. The
only difference is that it harbours a 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 3D Touch
support at a 1920x1080-pixel resolution with 401ppi.

The iPhone 7 features two 12-megapixel rear cameras: a wide-angle camera with
f/1.8 aperture and a telephoto camera with f/2.8 aperture.

It also has a bigger battery that the iPhone 7 and weighs 188 grams.

Apple Watch Series 2

The Apple Watch Series 2 has launched alongside the smartphones at Rs 32,900 for
the basic model. The Nike+ model (that comes with a Nike specific features) will
also cost Rs 32,900 while the ceramic Apple Watch Edition is priced at Rs
110,900.

The new Apple Watch comes with improved water resistance functionality. The
speakers are used to push out water from the watch and halts touch input while
the device is submerged in water.

It features the new S2 processor which Apple says will give 50 percent that the
previous generation and comes with additional functionality like GPS and a
barometer.

It is equipped with a larger battery which Apple claims will give 18 hours of
usability with each full charge even while using GPS.

The Apple Watch Series 2 and the Apple Watch Edition will be available are
available now while The Nike+ version is expected to be available later in
October in India.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              853 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           September 15, 2015 Tuesday

Droves answering call for Apple's iPhone 6s

BYLINE: Richard Morgan

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 237 words


Apple saw record first-weekend pre-sales for its new iPhones on Monday, driving
the stock up 1 percent in a down market.

"Customer response to iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus has been extremely positive,
and pre-orders this weekend were very strong around the world," Apple said. "We
are on pace to beat last year's 10-million-unit first-weekend record when the
new iPhones go on sale Sept. 25."

Apple, which started taking pre-orders for the two new models on Saturday, said
online demand for the iPhone 6s Plus in particular "has been exceptionally
strong and exceeded our own forecasts for the pre-order period."

The new models - unveiled last Wednesday - aren't dramatically different from
the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus that came out a year ago.

But they do offer advances in video, photography and navigation through a "peek
and pop" feature that allows users to preview content by pressing the phone's
screen lightly and to call up content by applying a heavier touch.

BTIG analyst Walter Piecyk predicted the inclusion of China in this year's
first-weekend rollout would greatly boost sales by "more than doubling the
addressable market for launch day compared to last year."

China didn't receive last year's models until mid-October, the analyst said.

iPhone First weekend sales

Model -- Unit sales, in millions

6s-6s+: 10+

6-6+: 10

5s-5c: 9

5: 5

Source: Company reports, BTIG Research

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Selfie explanatory: This pose by supermodel Alessandra Ambrosio puts
the latest Apple iPhone sales figures in perspective. [WireImage]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              854 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Waterloo Region Record

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Apple sees a happy Christmas;
Larger-screen iPhones will boost company sales by at least 10 per cent

BYLINE: Tim Higgins, Bloomberg

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 479 words


Apple is projecting a happy holiday season.

New larger-screened iPhones are set to help boost sales by at least 10 per cent
during the crucial holiday quarter, the Cupertino, Calif.-based company said in
a statement on Monday. Revenue in the current period will be $63.5 billion (all
figures US) to $66.5 billion, just topping the $63.5 billion estimated on
average by analysts, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.

The October-through-December period is the biggest test yet of CEO Tim Cook's
ability to roll out breakthrough new products since becoming Apple's chief
executive officer in 2011.

He's counting on updated versions of the iPhone and iPad to help revive sales
while he pushes Apple into new categories, including mobile payments with a
service dubbed Apple Pay that debuted Monday. A smartwatch called Apple Watch is
also slated to arrive next year.

"The stock still remains undervalued," Brian White, an analyst at Cantor
Fitzgerald, said Monday in a note to investors. "The market needs to start
thinking more boldly about Apple and appreciate the company's opportunity to
reinvent new product categories for years to come."

Investor optimism about the new products has boosted Apple's shares more than 24
per cent this year. The stock rose 2.1 per cent to $99.76 at the close in New
York.

For the fiscal fourth quarter ended Sept. 27, Apple's net income rose to $8.47
billion, or $1.42 a share, from $7.51 billion, or $1.18 a share, a year ago.
Sales were $42.1 billion, up 12 per cent from $37.5 billion a year earlier.
Analysts had projected profit of $1.30 a share on sales of $39.91 billion.

"Our fiscal 2014 was one for the record books, including the biggest iPhone
launch ever with iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus," Cook said Monday in a statement.

The results give a peek into how the introduction of the new bigger-screen
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have gone after becoming available on Sept. 19.

Apple has said it sold more than 10 million of the devices in their debut
weekend, yet the rollout was marred by snafus with updates to the iOS 8
mobile-operating system and some user complaints that the 6 Plus would bend when
sat upon.

IPhone sales for the fourth quarter, including more than a week of the new
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus on store shelves, were 39.3 million, up 16 per cent from a
year ago and more than the 38 million predicted by analysts on average in a
Bloomberg survey.

The company sold 12.3 million iPads, below an estimated 13 million units
projected by analysts and down 13 per cent from a year ago, according to data
compiled by Bloomberg. It was the third consecutive quarter that iPad sales
declined.

The quarter included the closing of Apple's $3-billion acquisition of Beats
Electronics, which makes headphones and has a music-streaming service.

Following the unveiling of the new iPhones last month, investor expectations for
Apple have only grown.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              855 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                           September 14, 2015 Monday

Apple says sales for latest iPhones may surpass 10 million in first weekend on
sale

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 363 words


NEW YORK - Preorders for its latest iPhone have been so strong that Apple
expects to surpass last year's record, when it sold 10 million phones during the
first weekend.

Apple began taking preorders for the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus on Saturday.

The new models, which go on sale Sept. 25, have more memory and faster
processors, along with a new 12 mega-pixel camera.

The phones have not gone up in price, but last year's record-selling iPhone 6
and 6 Plus models will now sell for $100 less.

"As many customers noticed, the online demand for iPhone 6s Plus has been
exceptionally strong and exceeded our own forecasts for the preorder period,"
Apple said. "We are working to catch up as quickly as we can, and we will have
iPhone 6s Plus as well as iPhone 6s units available at Apple retail stores when
they open next Friday."

The iPhone is still Apple's most important product. Sales of the iconic
smartphone contributed more than two-thirds of the Cupertino, California,
company's $107 billion in revenue during the first half of 2015.

The newest product from Apple arrives as smartphone sales slow globally, with so
many people already carrying them.

But researchers at IDC, an industry data provider, say that iPhone sales are
growing faster those of its rival, Android. IDC expects iPhone shipments to grow
by 16 per cent this year, while it estimates Android phones will grow only 10
per cent.

Analysts said demand is being boosted partly by China, which is being included
in the initial launch for the first time. Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster
said he expects China to add 2 million units to the opening weekend.

"We believe the takeaway is that the 6S is off to a solid start and should
continue to gain share at the high-end of the smartphone market," he wrote.

FBR analyst Dan Ives also said demand in China should help boost sales results,
despite its volatile economy.

"While we are keeping a close eye on China given the macro backdrop and consumer
worries, we believe Apple's 'white-hot momentum' in the country will continue in
coming quarters," he said, since there is room to grow market share, growing
demand for its App store and other selling opportunities there.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              856 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                           September 14, 2015 Monday

Apple says sales for latest iPhones may surpass 10 million in first weekend on
sale

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 363 words


NEW YORK - Preorders for its latest iPhone have been so strong that Apple
expects to surpass last year's record, when it sold 10 million phones during the
first weekend.

Apple began taking preorders for the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus on Saturday.

The new models, which go on sale Sept. 25, have more memory and faster
processors, along with a new 12 mega-pixel camera.

The phones have not gone up in price, but last year's record-selling iPhone 6
and 6 Plus models will now sell for $100 less.

"As many customers noticed, the online demand for iPhone 6s Plus has been
exceptionally strong and exceeded our own forecasts for the preorder period,"
Apple said. "We are working to catch up as quickly as we can, and we will have
iPhone 6s Plus as well as iPhone 6s units available at Apple retail stores when
they open next Friday."

The iPhone is still Apple's most important product. Sales of the iconic
smartphone contributed more than two-thirds of the Cupertino, California,
company's $107 billion in revenue during the first half of 2015.

The newest product from Apple arrives as smartphone sales slow globally, with so
many people already carrying them.

But researchers at IDC, an industry data provider, say that iPhone sales are
growing faster those of its rival, Android. IDC expects iPhone shipments to grow
by 16 per cent this year, while it estimates Android phones will grow only 10
per cent.

Analysts said demand is being boosted partly by China, which is being included
in the initial launch for the first time. Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster
said he expects China to add 2 million units to the opening weekend.

"We believe the takeaway is that the 6S is off to a solid start and should
continue to gain share at the high-end of the smartphone market," he wrote.

FBR analyst Dan Ives also said demand in China should help boost sales results,
despite its volatile economy.

"While we are keeping a close eye on China given the macro backdrop and consumer
worries, we believe Apple's 'white-hot momentum' in the country will continue in
coming quarters," he said, since there is room to grow market share, growing
demand for its App store and other selling opportunities there.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              857 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

Apple takes on rivals with new larger-screen iPhone 6;
US firm plays catch-up with new models sporting up to 5.5-inch screen

BYLINE: Trevor Tan In Cupertino (california)

SECTION: TOP OF THE NEWS

LENGTH: 701 words


Find out more about the features on Apple's new phones and what people say about
them at www.straitstimes.com

APPLE is gearing up for a fight with its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
smartphones, both of which were announced on Tuesday at the Flint Centre for the
Performing Arts in Cupertino, California.

While both devices mark the first time that an iPhone display has exceeded four
inches, the American firm is playing catch-up with its Android, Windows Phone
and BlackBerry competitors, all of whom launched large-screen devices as far
back as 2011.

The new iPhone 6 sports a 4.7-inch display while its "phablet" cousin, the
iPhone 6 Plus, has a 5.5-inch display. The iPhone 5s has only a four-inch
display. The term "phablet", a portmanteau of phone and tablet, refers to
smartphones with a display size of between 5.01 inches and 6.9 inches.

Size matters, according to the likes of Nokia, BlackBerry, Sony, HTC and LG, who
have all achieved success with larger displays. Many current flagship
smartphones, such as the Sony Xperia Z2 and LG G2, sport screen sizes of 5.2
inches and above.

According to research firm Canalys, phablets represent 34 per cent of smartphone
shipments globally, and 43 per cent in Asia.

Research firm GfK said more than 1.1 million phablets, worth US$567 million
(S$716 million), were sold in South-east Asia in the first quarter of the year.

According to research company IDC, Apple's global market share fell to 11.7 per
cent in the second quarter of this year, from 13 per cent over the same period
last year, as consumers held out for the launch of the anticipated larger-screen
iPhone 6.

"The introduction of larger-screen iPhones eliminates a key differentiator that
has insulated Samsung, Sony, HTC and LG large-screen flagship smartphones from
iPhone competition," said Mr Ian Fogg, senior director at research firm IHS
Technology.

It forecasts that with the new iPhone 6 devices, Apple will overtake Microsoft,
which now sells Nokia phones, to ship the second largest number of mobile
handsets this year, after Samsung.

Marketing manager Daniel Lee, 34, is one user considering the switch to the
iPhone 6 Plus from his Samsung Galaxy S4. "I don't like the fact that I have to
manually set everything each time I change an Android smartphone."

iPhone users need only to sync their new smartphone with the iTunes software, to
retain all the settings and messages from their previous iPhones.

But while Apple has caught up in terms of physical size, it is still behind on
several features found in other smartphones.

Samsung is slated to launch its 5.6-inch Galaxy Note Edge smartphone, which has
a curved screen that creates a two-sided display, next month. It also boasts a
Quad high-definition screen that is said to be sharper than the Retina HD
display on the new iPhone 6.

The Note Edge also has a 16MP camera, versus the 8MP camera in the new iPhone 6
models as well as in the last three iPhones.

Still, Apple's iOS operating system has been lauded for its ease of use, and
that is what matters to Apple loyalists such as quantity surveyor Vivian Tan,
41.

"As long as it is easy to use and produces good images, I do not care how many
megapixels my phone's camera has."

One new advantage Apple has over its competitors is that it has finally included
near field communication (NFC), a short-range wireless link between two devices
held near each other.

The NFC feature will be used with the company's new Apple Pay service, a
wireless payment method that allows users to store their credit card details in
their iTunes account on their phones.

Apple Pay will work directly with American Express, MasterCard and Visa credit
cards.

To make payments, users just need to tap their iPhone 6 against an NFC sensor,
and authorise payment through a biometric sensor on the iPhone 6.

Apple Pay is rolling out first in the US next month and Apple chief executive
Tim Cook said the company is actively looking to expand Apple Pay to more
merchants and other countries.

Both phones go on sale in Singapore on Friday next week.

trevtan@sph.com.sg

SEE WORLD, OPINION

Find out more about the features on Apple's new phones and what people say about
them at www.straitstimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              858 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                   Max Hawks

                              150 Maple Ave  #166
                          South Plainnfield,  NJ 07080
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (201) 830-1559
URL: www.americanhawks.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Max Hawks We are wholesaler and distributor of iPhone 6 Cases, iPhone 6 Plus
Cases, iPhone 6 + Cases, iPhone Cases - We are wholesaler and distributor of
iPhone 6 Cases, iPhone 6 Plus Cases, iPhone 6 + Cases, iPhone Cases

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              859 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 26, 2014 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

To bend new iPhones, you have to be trying

BYLINE: Hayley Tsukayama

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 645 words


The verdict is in: You can bend an iPhone 6 Plus. But unless you are really
trying to do it, it probably will be fine.

That's the conclusion coming out of phone warranty provider and durability
tester SquareTrade, which ran some basic bending "tests" this week on the iPhone
6 Plus at The Washington Post's request after reports circulated that the phone
with a 5.5-inch display is warping from the strain of being in people's pockets.

Apple itself acknowledged Thursday that it has received reports of the phone
bending. But cases are "extremely rare." Out of the millions of phones sold,
Apple said, nine customers contacted the company about a bent iPhone 6 Plus.

Apple performs "rigorous tests throughout the entire development cycle including
3-point bending, pressure point cycling, sit, torsion, and user studies," a
spokeswoman said in a statement. "iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus meet or exceed all
of our high quality standards to endure everyday, real life use."

SquareTrade's tests are worth noting, though they probably fell short of what
Apple did in its labs. For the first trial, SquareTrade asked two of the most
physically fit members of its office to try to bend some phones.

Employee Jessica Hoffman - a 5-foot-4-inch pianist who, like her colleagues,
"considers herself strong," the company said - couldn't make it budge, even when
applying direct pressure to the weakest part of the phone, near the volume
buttons. But her colleague Pace Lu, a bodybuilder and certified personal trainer
who can bench-press 405 pounds, bent the phone "pretty easily," said Ty Shay,
SquareTrade's chief marketing officer.

"He tried with about half his strength; he could have broken it if he wanted
to," Shay said.

To judge the phone's durability in more routine situations, the company ran a
"skinny jeans" test, to see whether the device would bend under the strain of
being wedged in a tight pocket, a claim made by users on several Apple online
forums.

SquareTrade sought out an employee wearing skinny jeans - in this case Pourmeh
Sarram, who is 5-foot-10 and told The Post that he has a 31-inch waist. Sarram
wedged the phone in his front pocket, then sat in an office chair for 30 minutes
with the phone in his front pocket - mirroring a situation that a user described
in a widely circulated MacRumors post.

Sarram said this was "very uncomfortable." And SquareTrade asked Sarram to do 10
squats with the phone in his pocket. None of these situations managed to bend
the phone. (The company didn't try a test with the phone in the back pocket, so
we have no official test of what happens when iPhone meets butt.)

So, yes, the phone can bend. But at least from these "tests," you really have to
be trying to bend it in order to do any noticeable damage.

That's not to say the photos of severely bent iPhones circulating under the
Twitter              hashtag              #bendgate Wednesday were faked or
doctored. But there's no way to independently verify whether the phones really
warped during normal use or if people bent them on purpose and then claimed a
defect. For SquareTrade, whose whole business is assessing the risk of phone
damage, bending is not something it thinks will happen often. And, Shay said,
the company is unlikely to add a bendability exercise to its normal battery of
tests any time soon.

"My opinion is that this is an edge case," he said. In looking through the
dozens of insurance claims filed on the iPhone 6 Plus - yes, just a few days
after its launch, people have already dropped them on the sidewalk or immersed
them in water - there have been no claims about bending.

Plus, Shay said, the bent iPhone still worked. "I think this is mostly cosmetic
damage, like scratching the case," he said.

But if it ends up being a common problem, Shay said that SquareTrade would
"definitely create a bend test going forward."

hayley.tsukayama@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              860 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

Apple sell 10 million iPhone 6 in 3 days;
iPhone Sales

LENGTH: 116 words



HIGHLIGHT: Apple said it sold a record 10 million iPhones in the first weekend
after its new, larger phone models went on sale in 10 countries on Friday.


Apple said it sold a record 10 million iPhones in the first weekend after its
new, larger phone models went on sale in 10 countries on Friday.

The phones, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, drew more than 4 million pre-orders on
Sept. 12, more than double the 2 million orders for the company's iPhone 5 model
in the same period two years ago.

Analysts had estimated first-weekend sales of up to 10 million iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus models, based on the first-day pre-orders.

Last year, Apple sold 9 million iPhone 5S and 5C models in 11 countries,
including China, in the first weekend. Sales of the new models in China have
been delayed by regulatory issues. (Reuters) For more visit www.businessworld.ie

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              861 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           September 22, 2015 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Oppo R7 Plus a handful but at less than half the price

SECTION: COMPUTERS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 848 words


An iPhone 6s Plus, specced out with a full 128 gigabytes of storage, will set
you back $1529 at the Apple store when it comes out on September 25.

A Samsung Galaxy S6 edge, specced out with 128 gigabytes of storage, will set
you back $1449. The S6 edge+, with its maximum 64 gigabytes, is $1299.

When did phones get so expensive? Obviously the Australian dollar hasn't helped,
but $1500? Really? You can get a 13-inch MacBook Air for less than $1400, and
it's got a lot more stuff in it than an iPhone. Judging from its weight, an iPad
Air has got seven times as much stuff in it as an iPhone 6s Plus, to be precise.

You could spend that amount of money on a top-quality high-end phone, or you
could spend a little more than a third of that on a Chinese phone such as the
$599 Oppo R7 Plus, which has many, if not most, of the features of a top-quality
high-end phone, only with the price tag of a mid-tier phone.

Indeed, in some respects, the R7 Plus has better features than a top-quality
high-end phone. It's got a 6-inch screen, on it, which is big even by the
standards of plus-sized phones like the iPhone 6 Plus (5.5 inches) or the Galaxy
edge+ (5.7 inches).

It's a monstrous phone - a little too big for my tastes - but at least it's got
another feature that's better than other high-end phones: it's got a relatively
tiny bezel, and a screen-to-body ratio of 77 per cent, compared with 68 per cent
for the iPhone 6s Plus and 76 per cent for the Galaxy edge+, meaning the 6-inch
screen doesn't make the Oppo as huge as it might have.

Apart from the size, there is another respect in which the R7 Plus out-pluses
the plus-sized, plus-priced phones - the battery, one of the most critical
aspects of all phones. What the Oppo has isn't so much a brilliant battery life
as a brilliant battery charger. Using the Oppo R7 Plus for a week, I found it
got a day of usage on a single charge, which is fairly normal for a big-screened
phone but nowhere near the two or three days, I can get on a small phone like
Sony's Xperia Compact.

The charging is another matter. Where the battery in an iPhone 6 Plus can be
charged from completely flat to completely full in about 2 hours 40 minutes,
according to our tests using one of Apple's more powerful, 2.1-amp chargers, the
Oppo can go from zero to 100 in barely more than an hour. It's got a four-amp
charger, you see, which to our knowledge is the most powerful charger on the
market.

Perhaps of more interest to anyone who's had to do an emergency recharge on
their phone, you can get the R7 Plus back to about 15 or 20 per cent charged,
from empty, in just five minutes. Oppo says that's two hours of talk time,
though I'm not a big enough talker to have tested that.

It means you would only need a couple of minutes hugging the wall at an airport
to get yourself back in action with this phone. It's brilliant, and there have
been plenty of occasions when I have been so desperate for a fast charge, I
would have swapped my much more expensive Galaxy Note for an R7 Plus in a
heartbeat.

Under less stressful circumstances, I wouldn't do the swap, however. Like I
said, the phone is a little too big, and there are other things about the R7
Plus that mean it's not as good as a Note or an iPhone.

It's quite a lot slower than other high-end phones, though I should point out
the slowness show up far more in benchmark tests than in day-to-day operations,
where the R7 Plus runs pretty smoothly.

Like the iPhone and the Galaxy edge, the R7 Plus has a fingerprint scanner on
it, which lets you unlock your phone without having to enter a password. It
actually works pretty well, but unfortunately the scanner doesn't seem to work
with third-party apps such as LastPass. Worse than that, the fingerprint reader
is on the back rather than on the front as it is with the iPhone and Galaxy,
which means you have to pick up your phone to unlock it. I don't know what the
stats are for people unlocking their phones while the phone is still sitting on
their desk, but for me it's got to be 30 or 40 per cent, meaning the scanner is
only 60 or 70 per cent as useful as it could be.

Then again, it is 60 per cent cheaper, so what do you want? Everything?

The other thing I wasn't a fan of was the software. The R7 Plus runs a version
of Android tcalled ColorOS, which isn't too bad as far as heavy-handed Android
skins go, but which could do with being more like regular Android and a little
less like an iPhone clone. Where is the app drawer?

With its Find 7, Oppo releases a version of the firmware that is pure Android,
and it's a pity it doesn't do the same thing with the R7 Plus. Oppo is targeting
the R7 Plus at style-conscious consumers, rather than the more technically
minded consumers it has designed the Find 7 for, but we can't see why it can't
offer style-conscious consumers the option of pure Android too. Android is very
stylish nowadays, to our mind the best looking of all the various Android
incarnations.

With pure Android, the R7 Plus would be something. You'd need deep pockets to
carry one around, but you wouldn't need deep pockets to get one.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Oppo Plus 7 is much cheaper than other high-end phones.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              862 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            East Anglian Daily Times

                            June 10, 2015 Wednesday

BYLINE: PR Script Managers

SECTION: FEAT

LENGTH: 716 words


Apple has launched its first smartwatch as well as a new enlarged iPhone, called
the iPhone 6 Plus.

At a highly-anticipated event in California, CEO Tim Cook detailed the firm's
latest product innovations, which also included Apple Pay - designed to "replace
the wallet".



Confirming online rumours, the technology giant revealed its first steps into
the smartwatch market with the Apple Watch, and although the company would not
go into more detail on a launch date beyond "early 2015" confirmed it will be
priced at about £300.

"I am so excited and I am so proud to share it with you this morning. It is the
next chapter in Apple's story," said Mr Cook.

"Apple Watch is most personal device we've ever created. It is worth the wait."

The new iPhone 6 Plus comes with a 5.5-inch screen, compared to the four-inch
screen of the current generation iPhone 5s, while the iPhone 6, which is also
larger, now coming with a 4.7-inch screen. Both devices also have what Apple
call "ion-strengthened glass" screens.

Mr Cook called the handsets "the biggest advancement in the history of iPhone".

The larger of the two new devices, the 6 Plus, also allows for apps such as
Messages and Mail to be displayed in landscape orientation for the first time.

The firm also unveiled a new processor chip, the A8, which will be used to power
new apps and games. Partnerships with game studios including Disney and EA were
also confirmed on stage by Apple's Phil Schiller.

The Cupertino-based firm had been expected to announce two new iPhones, with
speculation and alleged leaks appearing online over the last few weeks.

The new iPhone devices will ship on September 19, with the company's new mobile
operating system, iOS 8, becoming available on iPhone 4s and above from
September 17.

Both new iPhones will ship on September 19, with the iPhone 6 starting at £539,
and the 6 Plus at £619.

Apple also announced its plans to enter the payment market.

Mr Cook said: "Our vision is to replace the wallet and we're going to start with
payments."

He also called magnetic strips on credit cards "outdated and vulnerable" before
introducing Apple's take on the area.

"We love this kind of problem. This is what Apple does best. We've created a new
payment process and it's called Apple Pay," he added.

The new software uses the fingerprint scanner on your phone and native payment
apps to allow users to pay for products by touching their iPhone to payment
outlets.

It uses near-field communication (NFC) technology, used in existing contactless
payments, and the company's own Passbook app to secure your details.

The Find My iPhone app would be used to track and suspend your account if the
device is stolen.

"We are not in the business of collecting your data", said Apple, confirming
that all Apple Pay transactions are not logged by the company.

Major retailers have already signed up to use Apple Pay in their stores,
including Toys R US and Staples.

Online, it is also possible to pay within some apps. For now, the technology is
just been introduced in the US.

The Apple Watch was described as a comprehensive health and fitness interface,
and the traditional watch crown, which Apple calls the Digital Crown, is used to
control the interface.

Mr Cook compared it to the innovation of the mouse on the Mac, and click wheel
on the iPod. The crown can be used to scroll through lists as well as zoom in on
images and maps.

A huge array of designs and straps were shown on-stage, before the audience rose
to give Mr Cook a standing ovation. "It's incredibly customisable", he said.

"The Apple Watch works directly with iPhone, but has its own native version of
iOS."

Rivals Samsung launched their first smartwatch last year, and currently have
several on the market. This is Apple's first piece of wearable technology and
also follows on from Google introducing their Glass headset, and Android Wear
smartwatches.

The Apple Watch has a flexible Retina display, and the screen can sense force
used when tapping it. Apple also confirmed that the device will come in two
sizes.

There are three collections of the Apple Watch - Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport
and Apple Watch Edition.

The new Apple Watch can be completely customised to suit the style of the user,
and also comes with Apple's voice assistant Siri. It will also work with Apple
Pay.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EAD


                    Copyright 2015 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              863 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             coventrytelegraph.net

                     September 6, 2016 Tuesday 10:56 AM GMT

iPhone 7 to come in FIVE colours - all the latest updates, features and rumours;

All the latest news as Apple gets ready to launch new model in San Francisco

BYLINE: By James Rodger

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 416 words


The iPhone 7 is coming, according to reports, and new details are now emerging
ahead of the launch.

Apple will reportedly unveil the new smartphone model - which is eagerly
anticipated by millions across the globe, including Coventry and Warwickshire
residents - at a big event in San Francisco on September 7.

And the new details come from well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI
Securities, who issued a new research note on Saturday.

According to the note, the iPhone 7 model will include one very useful feature
for photo fanatics - it will have four LED flash lights, up from two in the
iPhone 6s.

Furthermore, two of these LEDs will be in cool colours, and two in warm colours,
and Apple is also expected to add an ambient light sensor to the iPhone 7.

Apple and Netflix customers targeted by new scam

These additions should improve image quality, according to experts, but it
remains to be seen whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7
or just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus.

The latter is also expected to feature a dual-lens camera capable of taking
SLR-quality photos.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 Plus camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses
- one wide angle, and one telephoto.

iPhone 7 launch date CONFIRMED by Apple - find out when

The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and light field camera
applications.

The research note, seen by AppleInsider, also suggests the iPhone 7 will come in
32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options, eliminating both the 16GB and 64GB
tiers, according to Kuo.

It will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose gold, dark black and "piano
black".

iPhone hackers can access your device with just ONE click

Recently, Apple has been facing issues in the form of the dreaded 'Touch
Disease', first spotted last week by gadget repair specialist iFixit.

According to reports, a growing number of customers have been sending their
iPhone 6 handsets in for repair after a grey, flickering bar appeared at the top
of their display.

Shortly after the appearance of this grey bar, the iPhone's touchscreen has
reportedly become unresponsive, rendering the device useless.

iFixit claims that the issue can be traced back to a structural design flaw in
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - meaning millions of handsets could potentially be
vulnerable.

Despite this revelation, it currently remains unclear how widespread the problem
is.

Several users have been left angry by their handset's vulnerability, with many
taking to the Apple website to report the issue.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBET


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              864 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           September 29, 2014 Monday

Offline retailers may boycott iPhone 6 as iPhone 5S being offered at discounted
prices on e-commerce sites like Amazon, Flipkart, Snapdeal

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 885 words


NEW DELHI: Some mobile phone retailers have threatened to boycott Apple's
much-awaited iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models after their expected pre-Diwali launch
because they are miffed that the iPhone 5S is being offered at heavily
discounted prices on popular e-commerce sites Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal.

According to sellers that ET spoke to, some of the 1.5 lakh retailers claimed
they have returned their iPhone 5S models, saying they can't compete with the
discounts, which have lowered the price of the device to less than their cost.

"All over India, there is a huge uproar and heartburn among retailers against
online sellers since their business and reputation is being lost," said Subhash
Chandra, managing director of retail store chain Sangeetha Mobiles, adding that
offline sellers were adversely affected as customers were increasingly going
online.

A top executive at another retailer told ET that if things stay as they are, he
would neither display nor sell the Apple iPhone 6 or 6 Plus. Apple products are
distributed in India by Redington and Ingram Micro. ET could not independently
confirm whether retailers had returned iPhone 5S models. Apple didn't respond to
emailed queries seeking comment.

An executive close to dealings at Apple India said the company hasn't authorised
marketplaces such as Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal to sell iPhones in India.
Infibeam is the sole authorised online seller for iPhones while Flipkart is
authorised to sell iPads and iPods.

The emergence of online retailing and its pricing benefits and the rift created
with traditional sales channels exists in other global markets as well, for
instance, when Amazon started operating in the US.

In India, where the online retail growth story has only just begun, about 12-14%
of mobile phone sales are being diverted from offline retailers on a monthly
basis, according to research firm Convergence Catalyst. This will only increase
as Internet penetration spreads and e-commerce grows.

"There is unrest among retailers, as even brands are supporting online," said
Satish Babu, founder of retail store chain UniverCell Mobiles.

Titu Tanwani, one of the largest distributors of mobile phones in Jaipur, told
ET that many retailers had decided to stop selling iPhones as they were facing
massive flak from consumers who are able to buy the devices online at much lower
prices.

"The price difference is as high as Rs 11,000 on some models. Apple is
liquidating stocks of the older models," he said, alleging that the company was
doing so in anticipation of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus launch expected next
month. He added that state trade associations, such as that of Rajasthan, were
protesting against the brands.

E-commerce sites show that the 16 GB iPhone 5S, the highest-selling model for
the company in India this year, on offer at betweenRs 34,000 and Rs 36,000, as
much as 36% less than the original retail price of Rs 53,500.

The 16 GB iPhone 5S is available on Amazon for Rs 33,999.

Tanwani added that retailers were also rallying against local handset makers.
The retailers are threatening to boycott Micromax, Spice and Karbonn, which have
launched devices backed by Google's Android One platform exclusively online.

Google has partnered with Micromax, Karbonn and Spice to sell Android One
smartphones priced between Rs 6,299 and Rs 6,499, exclusively on the three
e-commerce sites.

Spice didn't respond to ET's queries at the time of writing. "To ensure
convenient access to our devices, our distribution strategy is a judicious mix
of both traditional and new-age sales channels. Retailers continue to be the
lynchpin of our distribution nexus and we would continue to expand our retail
network in the future," Karbonn said in a statement.

A Micromax company spokesperson said all distribution channels will coexist but
consumers should have the choice to buy from any platform they choose. "India is
a huge market and hence different channels are developing to serve the various
consumer segments. As part of our tactical promotions, we might choose a partner
for a particular activity but our strategic intent is a balanced approach
towards all sales channels."

A senior executive from a large format retail chain told ET that he had returned
his Apple phones to distributors in protest, adding that they cannot compete
with prices offered online. "We will be talking to the brands individually, but
I won't hesitate to boycott a brand if I am being treated unfairly."

Several large format retailers, including UniverCell, Sangeetha Mobiles, The
Mobile Store and Spice's Hot Spot, have created an informal association that is
trying to sort out the situation and will be speaking to consumers and the
government on the matter, which they say threatens their survival.

However, the existence of e-commerce stores and competition from them are a
reality that none of the retailers can ignore, said The Mobile Store's Chief
Executive Himanshu Chakravarti.

The Essar Group-owned company, which owns more than 800 stores across the
country, plans to partner with e-commerce players to augment revenue and limit
the loss of customers.

Sangeetha Mobiles' online store, ShopNo47.com, launched on eBay India's site
early this month to sell mobile phones, smartphones, tablets and accessories.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              865 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                      July 20, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple Pay Now Available for HSBC Customers in Hong Kong

LENGTH: 477  words


July 20 -- HSBC today brings Apple Pay to Hong Kong customers, offering a fast,
easy and secure way to pay. HSBC Visa and MasterCard cardholders can make
payments conveniently using Apple Pay in stores with Visa payWave or MasterCard
contactless payment terminals in Hong Kong and overseas.

Greg Hingston, Head of Retail Banking and Wealth Management, Hong Kong, HSBC
said, "We are pleased to enable our customers to be among the first to enjoy
Apple Pay in Hong Kong. It is a fast, easy and secure way for us to do our
everyday shopping. Digital is an integral part of our strategy as technology and
mobility are changing the way our customers access information, products and
services. This is re-shaping people's lifestyles, including how they do their
banking. The number of active Mobile Banking customers has increased almost 50%
over the past three years. We expect this to rise as customers continue to
migrate to digital banking and as we roll out innovative offerings such as Apple
Pay."

Security and privacy are at the core of Apple Pay. When you use a credit card
with Apple Pay, the actual card numbers are not stored on the device, nor on
Apple servers. Instead, a unique Device Account Number is assigned, encrypted
and securely stored in the Secure Element on your device. Each transaction is
authorised with a one-time unique dynamic security code.

Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will continue to receive all of the
rewards and benefits offered by HSBC credit cards, with access a wide range of
credit card offers and privileges such as enjoying extra RewardCash. From now
till 31 August 2016, HSBC cardholders can enjoy instant offers when conducting a
single contactless payment transaction of a specified spending amount at our
respective *participating merchants. In addition, HSBC Visa or MasterCard
cardholders will enjoy an extra $10 RewardCash upon conducting a single
transaction of HKD 30 or above with a Personal Credit Card via Apple Pay three
times.

Apple Pay works with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone
SE and Apple Watch in participating stores. For online shopping in apps
accepting Apple Pay, it is simple, without needing to repeatedly fill out
lengthy account forms or type in shipping and billing information. When paying
for goods and services within apps, Apple Pay is compatible with iPhone 6s,
iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone SE, iPad Air 2, iPad mini 3,
iPad mini 4 and iPad Pro.

For more information on Apple Pay, visit: www.apple.com/hk/en/apple-pay/

For more information on how to set HSBC credit card for Apple Pay, visit:
https://www.hsbc.com.hk/personal/credit-cards/apple-pay.html

Disclaimer: The table has been omitted (The document can be viewed at
http://www.about.hsbc.com.hk/~/media/hong-kong/en/news-and-media/160720-hsbc-app
le-pay-launch-en.pdf)

Source: HSBC Hong Kong

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              866 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 8, 2016 Tuesday 8:02 AM GMT

iPhone 5se: New phone 'could hit the shops as early as March 18';
Schematic drawings and renderings of Apple's next iPhone reveal that the new
device will look very similar to the iPhone 5s

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 579 words


Apple's eagerly anticipated 'mini iPhone' could be in shops as soon as March 18,
it has been claimed.

Expected to be called the iPhone 5se , the new handset is set to be unveiled at
a special event on March 15.

Tech newspaper 9to5Mac said it had been informed by sources what the date of the
release was and when it would hit the shops.

It reported: "Apple is currently planning to introduce a new 4-inch iPhone
dubbed the 'iPhone 5se' and a new iPad Air at an event on Tuesday, March 15th,
then put the products up for sale online and in retail stores as early as
Friday, March 18th, according to sources."

"Apple is unlikely to offer pre-orders for the new devices, according to sources
who cautioned that the plans could still change," it added.

The revelations came as drawings claiming to be leaked images showed the new
phone will be the same size and shape as the 5s - the last iPhone to feature a
four-inch screen - with some minor design changes.

For example, designs for iPhone case makers obtained by 9to5Mac show that the
lock button will be moved from the top to the right-hand side of the device,
like on the iPhone 6.

However, separate schematics obtained by OnLeaks appear to show that the button
will remain on the top.

Evleaks tweet

Apple originally moved the lock button from the top to the side of the device
with the launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - partly because the larger screen
sizes make the top difficult to reach.

If the iPhone 5se retains the 4-inch screen size of the iPhone 5s, there would
be no reason to move the button, other other than to create consistency with the
rest of the iPhone line.

Apple traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours have been building for months that Apple is developing a
new device that will launch in the spring.

The iPad Air 3 and Apple Watch 2 will also be launched on March 15, it has been
claimed.

Read more : iPhone 5se: Leaked pictures and schematics show what Apple's next
iPhone will look like

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone 5se is rumoured to be a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing
Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

The "se" suffix has reportedly been described in two ways by Apple employees: as
a "special edition" variation of the 4-inch iPhone screen size, and as an
"enhanced" version of the iPhone 5s.

Read more: iPhone sales may have peaked, but our love affair with Apple is far
from over

Earlier leaked photos suggest that it will take some design queues from the
iPhone 6s and 6s Plus - with curved glass edges and a "Touch ID" fingerprint
reader.

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Other rumoured features include an 8-megapixel rear camera and 1.2-megapixel
front camera, support for Live Photos and Apple Pay, and the same Silver, Space
Grey, Gold and Rose Gold colour options as the 6s lineup.

The iPhone 5se will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper , according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who
suggests it will cost around $400-500 (£250-350).

It will only account for 8-9% of next year's iPhone sales, but it will help
Apple expand its presence in emerging markets, and among consumers on tighter
budgets, according to Mr Kuo.

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              867 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    February 25, 2016 Thursday 10:58 PM GMT

iPhone 5se: New phone 'could hit the shops as early as March 18';
Schematic drawings and renderings of Apple's next iPhone reveal that the new
device will look very similar to the iPhone 5s

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 579 words


Apple's eagerly anticipated 'mini iPhone' could be in shops as soon as March 18,
it has been claimed.

Expected to be called the iPhone 5se, the new handset is set to be unveiled at a
special event on March 15.

Tech newspaper 9to5Mac said it had been informed by sources what the date of the
release was and when it would hit the shops.

It reported: "Apple is currently planning to introduce a new 4-inch iPhone
dubbed the 'iPhone 5se' and a new iPad Air at an event on Tuesday, March 15th,
then put the products up for sale online and in retail stores as early as
Friday, March 18th, according to sources."

"Apple is unlikely to offer pre-orders for the new devices, according to sources
who cautioned that the plans could still change," it added.

The revelations came as drawings claiming to be leaked images showed the new
phone will be the same size and shape as the 5s - the last iPhone to feature a
four-inch screen - with some minor design changes.

For example, designs for iPhone case makers obtained by 9to5Mac show that the
lock button will be moved from the top to the right-hand side of the device,
like on the iPhone 6.

However, separate schematics obtained by OnLeaks appear to show that the button
will remain on the top.

Evleaks tweet

Apple originally moved the lock button from the top to the side of the device
with the launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - partly because the larger screen
sizes make the top difficult to reach.

If the iPhone 5se retains the 4-inch screen size of the iPhone 5s, there would
be no reason to move the button, other other than to create consistency with the
rest of the iPhone line.

Apple traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours have been building for months that Apple is developing a
new device that will launch in the spring.

The iPad Air 3 and Apple Watch 2 will also be launched on March 15, it has been
claimed.

Read more: iPhone 5se: Leaked pictures and schematics show what Apple's next
iPhone will look like

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone 5se is rumoured to be a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing
Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

The "se" suffix has reportedly been described in two ways by Apple employees: as
a "special edition" variation of the 4-inch iPhone screen size, and as an
"enhanced" version of the iPhone 5s.

Read more: iPhone sales may have peaked, but our love affair with Apple is far
from over

Earlier leaked photos suggest that it will take some design queues from the
iPhone 6s and 6s Plus - with curved glass edges and a "Touch ID" fingerprint
reader.

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Other rumoured features include an 8-megapixel rear camera and 1.2-megapixel
front camera, support for Live Photos and Apple Pay, and the same Silver, Space
Grey, Gold and Rose Gold colour options as the 6s lineup.

The iPhone 5se will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, but will be
significantly cheaper, according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who
suggests it will cost around $400-500 (£250-350).

It will only account for 8-9% of next year's iPhone sales, but it will help
Apple expand its presence in emerging markets, and among consumers on tighter
budgets, according to Mr Kuo.

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              868 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

iPhone 7 launch: Seven things that you need to know

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 303 words


It's just over 24 hours remaining for the new iPhone 7 launch. And the tech
world has gone into a frenzy, and for good reasons.

In the biggest smartphone launch of the year, Apple will unveil the iPhone 7 and
the iPhone 7 plus on Wednesday. It will, like always, be live-streaming the
launch.

Here are seven things that you need to know about the newest members of the
Apple family.

1.Venue: It's the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco that will be
hosting the grand event. Apparently, the auditorium has been jazzed up for the
biggest smartphone.

2.Chip: Preliminary reports suggest that the iPhone 7 will be powered by Apple's
new A10 chip offering a maximum clock speed of 2.4 GHz.

3.What's out: The tech major is likely to drop 16GB and 64GB models and add a
256GB variant. As a result, Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models will come in
32GB, 128 GB and 256GB variants. Both the iPhones are also likely to get a RAM
boost.

4.Thin is In: If rumours are to be believed, Apple is apparently aiming to make
the iPhone 7 up to 1mm thinner. Tech wizards hint that it will perhaps do away
with the traditional headphone jack. Also, the iPhone 7 may finally reveal the
Apple's rumored wireless "AirPods" earbuds.

5.Water-safe: Dropped your phone into the sink? Chill! The new iPhones will be
water-resistant.

6.Picture-Perfect: There have not been too many complaints about the iPhone 6
camera. But things may get better with the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Both
cameras will have 12-megapixel sensors.

7.Desi love: The good news is that we can expect the company to launch the
device in India before Diwali. This means you have to re-budget your Diwali
expenses.

All of the above information is speculative as nothing has been revealed
officially about the iPhone 7 by Apple so far.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              869 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                          September 16, 2015 Wednesday
                               HeraldSun Edition

Record tip on iPhone purchases

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 159  words


TECHNOLOGY ADVANCE orders for the -latest iPhone have been so strong that
technology giant Apple expects to surpass last year's record, when it sold 10
million phones in the first weekend of sales.

Apple began taking pre--orders for the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus on Saturday.
The new models, which go on sale on September 25, have more memory and faster
pro-cessors, along with a new 12-megapixel camera. The phones have not gone up
in price, but last year's -record-selling iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models will sell
for $140 less.

"As many customers noticed, the online demand for iPhone 6s Plus has been
exceptionally strong and exceeded our own forecasts for the pre-order period,"
Apple said.

"We are working to catch up as quickly as we can, and we will have iPhone 6s
Plus as well as iPhone 6s units available at Apple retail stores when they open
next Friday."The iPhone is still Apple's most important product, making up
two-thirds of the company's sales.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald Sun


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              870 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Asia News Network (ANN)

                           January 10, 2015 Saturday

Apple projected to see more sales in China than US By Jack Freifelder in New
York/China Daily/09 January 2015

LENGTH: 458  words


New York (China Daily/ANN) - Increasing demand in China for Apple Inc's latest
flagship devices, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, has spurred consumers there to
buy more of the devices than their American counterparts for the first time,
data from Switzerland-based financial services company UBS AG showed.
"Recent data suggest that iPhone demand saw considerable growth in China, even
finding that China could constitute as much as 35 per cent of shipments in the
quarter compared with 22 per cent a year ago," Steven Milunovich, an analyst
with UBS, wrote in a research note published on Wednesday.
The US share of iPhone sales is expected to dip from 29 per cent a year ago to
24 per cent in the first quarter of 2015, he wrote.
Milunovich, who covers Apple for UBS, said the iPhone has seen significant gains
in the world's second-largest economy since the device was rolled out in
October.
Estimates from UBS show that Apple sold 69.3 million iPhones in the fourth
quarter of 2014, a new quarterly record for the Cupertino, California-based tech
company. The figure beat the consensus estimate of 65.5 million devices.
Apple's distribution agreement with China Mobile Ltd, the world's largest mobile
phone operator, could be one of the reasons for the uptick, Milunovich said.
"China Mobile's distribution agreement with Apple was signed in late December
2013 and Apple began shipping the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in October, so it seems
reasonable that demand in China surged relative to other regions," he wrote.
In October, Apple's new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus arrived in China despite a
regulatory delay in the rollout. Heavy interest from Chinese consumers helped
Apple sell nearly 10 million units within three days of the initial sell date on
JD, the e-commerce platform of JD.com Inc.
At the end of the third quarter of last year, the iPhone held 18.1 per cent of
market share in China. In the US, nearly half of all smartphones sold (47.3 per
cent) were iPhones, according to international market research firm Kantar
Worldpanel.
Apple also posted its largest third-quarter sales volume figure in 2014,
according to data from the International Data Corp. The company boosted its
global smartphone shipments to more than 39 million units, second worldwide
behind Samsung Electronics Co (78 million units).
Samsung, based in Suwon, South Korea, remained the world's largest smartphone
vendor in the third quarter of 2014, with 23.7 per cent of the market, followed
by Apple with 11.7 per cent.  Other global players, including Chinese companies
like Xiaomi Corp and Lenovo Group Ltd have also managed to squeeze into the
fray.
Xiaomi and Lenovo were ranked third and fourth on that list, with 5.2 percent
and 5.1 percent shares, respectively.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 2075


                       Copyright 2015 Asia News Network.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              871 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                           September 26, 2014 Friday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Apple sorry for software glitch, defends new iPhones

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 712 words


Apple made a rare apology Thursday for a software bug that has seen iPhone users
lose service, while seeking to quell a storm over reports that its new handsets
are susceptible to bending.

The slew of negative headlines saw a steep drop in Apple stock, as the US tech
giant acknowledged the software glitch, offering a temporary fix immediately and
a full update "in the next few days."

But Apple sought to minimize reports on bending of its newly released oversize
iPhone -- one analyst described the damaging claims as "a black eye" for Apple
--- saying it had only received nine complaints about the matter.

"Our iPhones are designed, engineered and manufactured to be both beautiful and
sturdy," a spokeswoman said in an email to AFP.

"They also feature stainless steel and titanium inserts to reinforce high-stress
locations and use the strongest glass in the smartphone industry."

The statement said that "with normal use a bend in iPhone is extremely rare and
through our first six days of sale, a total of nine customers have contacted
Apple with a bent iPhone 6 Plus."

Apple offered a "workaround" to the software glitch after numerous users
complained on social media and online forums that the iOS 8.0.1 update left
their phones largely inoperable.

The update, which was released and then pulled within hours Wednesday, had been
developed to add in fitness monitoring programs which were omitted from the iOS
8 platform released last week.

"We have a workaround for you if you have an iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus and you
lost cellular service and Touch ID functionality today after updating to iOS
8.0.1," Apple said.

The California company released fully updated iOS 8.0.2 software late Thursday
to fix the problem, but it was not immediately clear if that had done the trick.

- #BendGate -

It is further embarrassment to Apple after some users posted comments about
bends in the bodies of the oversize iPhone 6 Plus when carried in trouser
pockets.

On the MacRumors forum of Apple users, one iPhone buyer noted that, after
carrying the handset in a front pocket for 18 hours, "I saw the reflection of
the window in the iPhone slightly distorted."

The user posted a picture of the bent phone, and dozens posted similar
complaints on Twitter, using the hashtag #BendGate.

Apple shares tumbled 3.8 percent to $97.88 on the news, amid concerns the
problems could hurt sales of the hugely profitable iPhones.

"It's certainly a black eye for Apple," said Roger Kay, analyst at Endpoint
Technologies Associates.

Kay said the software glitch "is not a major problem, they can fix that."

More serious, said Kay, is the whether Apple's new "phablet" will be viewed as
too fragile for some buyers.

"The bending problem is baked into the design of the phone so it's something
they can't just fix," Kay told AFP. "They're committed to this design."

The analyst said Apple may offer some compensation to buyers or it may take a
"hardball" approach by saying, "you're not supposed to abuse your phone or sit
on your phone, you're supposed to treat it like a piece of electronics."

- 'Let's get real' -

Brian White, analyst at the brokerage Cantor Fitzgerald, said the problems were
blown out of proportion and that the share drop offered a good buying
opportunity for Apple stocks.

"Let's get real," White said in a note to clients, calling the concerns about
bending "irrational."

"After taking both new iPhones for a spin at Apple's special event, and again
this week in Hong Kong, concerns with bending the iPhones never crossed our mind
as both felt very durable," he said.

"As such, we believe this concern offers investors an opportunity to take
advantage of this media-hyped situation and participate in what we believe is
the next 'super cycle' for Apple."

Apple said Monday it sold more than 10 million of the new smartphones in the
first three days since launching to fanfare in a handful of countries, setting a
new record for opening weekend sales as Apple diehards queued outside shops for
days.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were launched Friday in the United States,
Britain, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico and
Singapore.

They will be available in more than 20 additional countries on September 26, and
115 countries by the end of the year.

rl/pst

APPLE INC.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2014 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              872 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                             May 6, 2015 Wednesday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

iPhones gain in Europe, China; 'phablets' on the rise

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 444 words


The latest iPhones have helped Apple gain smartphone market share in Europe and
China, with a large number of customers switching from Android devices, a market
tracker said Wednesday.

Kantar Worldpanel also said that in the United States, the market for
"phablets," or large-screen smartphones, has quadrupled over the past year, also
helping Apple with its iPhone 6 Plus.

The newest data showed that in urban China, Apple boosted its share to 26.1
percent in the first quarter, up from 17.9 percent for the same period in 2014.
Android's market share in China, meanwhile, slipped eight points to 72 percent.

China is now driving more volume for Apple than the US, Kantar said.

Kantar found that Apple lifted its smartphone share in Europe's five largest
markets by 1.8 points to 20.3 percent in the quarter. One-third of Apple's new
customers switched from Android in these markets -- Britain, France, Germany,
Italy and Spain.

"The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus continued to attract consumers across Europe, including
users who previously owned an Android smartphone," reported Carolina Milanesi,
chief of research at Kantar.

Android's market share in the big EU markets share declined by 3.1 percentage
points compared to last year, to 68.4 percent, Kantar said.But the free Google
Android operating system is still dominant due to a price advantage.

"In Great Britain, while 25.6 percent of new iOS buyers switched from Android
during the quarter, Android's leadership remains strong, thanks to the price
options consumers have in both the contract and pre-pay market," said Dominic
Sunnebo, business unit director at Kantar.

"Thirty-five percent of consumers who bought an Android smartphone in the first
quarter said their decision was driven by receiving a good price on the phone.
Another 29 percent said that getting a good deal on the tariff/contract was a
factor in their purchase."

In the US, Android's market share made a modest 0.2 percent gain in market share
to 58.1 percent while Apple lost the same amount to 36.5 percent, losing a bit
of momentum after a big surge in late 2014.

The survey found US customers are increasingly opting for bigger phones or
"phablets" with displays of 5.5 inches or bigger. This segment represented 21
percent of all US smartphone sales in the first quarter, from a six percent
share a year ago.

Apple's iPhone 6 Plus took 44 percent of this segment, according to Kantar.

"Apple's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus already represent 18 percent of all iPhones in use
in the US, and 64 percent of the iPhone installed base uses an iPhone 5 or newer
-- good news for the Apple Watch that interacts only with these newer models,"
Milanesi said.

rl/sg

APPLE INC.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2015 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              873 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             October 9, 2016 Sunday

Reliance Jio-Airtel rivalry makes it a grand Diwali for iPhone users

BYLINE: Shubhra Sharma

SECTION: CORPORATE TRENDS

LENGTH: 222 words


As telecom companies Reliance Jio and Airtel try to outshine each other, iPhone
users have got all the reasons to celebrate. After Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance
Jio said it would offer free voice calls, 20GB data and unlimited SMS for one
year worth Rs 18,000 to all new iPhone users on its network, Airtel too joined
the race offering iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus users 10 GB free 4G/3G data per
month for one year with any Airtel Infinity post-paid plan.

The Jio offer is not restricted only to newly launched iPhone 7 and 7-Plus and
would also be valid on iPhone 6, 6-Plus, 6S-Plus, SE.

The latest edition of the iPhone was launched in India yesterday across multiple
platforms -- Apple resellers, Flipkart, Snapdeal and Tata Cliq. Most of these
companies are bundling in offers to woo customers in the world's second largest
telecom market.

Snapdeal has teamed up with American Express to offer the latter's card members
a discount of Rs 10,000 on the purchase of the device. Flipkart also said it was
priming itself to start deliveries. Telecom companies have also not been behind
in lining up lucrative incentives for iphone users post the the launch of the
iphone 7.

Now with such sweeteners being offered by these telecom companies, it will be
worth noting which of them aces the iPhone user market.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              874 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                           September 15, 2015 Tuesday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

Apple's newest phones expected to set worldwide sales records

BYLINE: James Titcomb

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 367 words


APPLE'S new iPhone models are set to become the fastest-selling smartphones of
all time after the company said it was on track to exceed last year's
recordbreaking opening weekend.

"We are on pace to beat last year's 10m unit first-weekend record when the new
iPhones go on sale [on] September 25," Apple said. "Customer response to iPhone
6s and iPhone 6s Plus has been extremely positive and preorders this weekend
were very strong around the world."

Pre-orders of the next generation of iPhone opened on Saturday after Apple
unveiled the new devices last week, and many models are already sold out in
certain parts of the world, with consumers already facing weeks of delays for
online orders to be dispatched.

Last year's iPhones, the 6 and 6 Plus, became the fastest-selling smartphones of
all time, selling 4m units in their first 24 hours. In the UK, new orders of the
iPhone 6s Plus - the larger of the two models Apple unveiled last week - are not
expected to be released for up to four weeks. In China, the world's biggest
smartphone market and a key target for Apple, all models of the new handset face
a backlog of at least two weeks. This is the first time Apple is taking
pre-orders in China at the same time as the rest of its major markets.

Shares opened 2.3pc higher on Monday in response to the positive news.

The smaller model, the iPhone 6s, is still listed as being available from
September 25, the official date that the new iPhones go on sale. That is except
for the new "rose gold" model, new orders of which will be dispatched in up to
three weeks. Apple introduced the pink-ish hue for the first time this year, in
what is seen as an attempt to appeal to customers in China.

"While there are still unknowns about inventory levels, we note that China
demand in particular looks very strong out of the gates and is a positive sign
that the white-hot momentum out of this region shows no signs of abating despite
macro headwinds out of China," said Daniel Ives, technology specialist at US
investment bank FBR Capital.

Apple is launching iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in 12 countries this year. That is
bigger than the iPhone 6 launch, which debuted in nine countries and did not
include China.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Demand for Apple's newest iPhones is expected to outstrip that of
previous models, such as the 4S, launched in the UK in 2011 (above)OLI
SCARFF/GETTY IMAGES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2015 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              875 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             coventrytelegraph.net

                      September 5, 2016 Monday 2:50 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Apple giving you one HUGE reason to buy new smartphone;
Tech giant will unveil the new smartphone model later this month

BYLINE: By James Rodger

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 328 words


The eagerly-anticipated new iPhone model is incoming - and all eyes on are on
Apple for any potential updates regarding the forthcoming model's features.

Many have been left disgruntled by a rumoured loss of the headphone jack, but
luckily, a new rumour has emerged which people are VERY excited about.

According to the latest leaked images, Apple's next plus-size smartphone could
feature more internal storage than any of its predecessors - meaning more room
to download apps and store photos than ever before.

There have been rumours that Apple is planning to launch a 256GB model for some
time.

And now, a sheet outlining some of the key feature of the iPhone 7 Plus has
emerged on Chinese microblogging site Weibo, appearing to confirm the rumour.

The sheet clearly shows plans for a 256GB version of the device - doubling the
capacity of the largest iPhone 6s Plus.

This increase in storage is bound to go down well with Apple fans - after, all,
it's the same amount offered on the company's iPad Pro, costing an eye-watering
£739.

Revealed: Hack allows you to download Android apps for FREE

Recently, Apple has been facing issues in the form of the dreaded 'Touch
Disease', first spotted last week by gadget repair specialist iFixit.

According to reports, a growing number of customers have been sending their
iPhone 6 handsets in for repair after a grey, flickering bar appeared at the top
of their display.

Shortly after the appearance of this grey bar, the iPhone's touchscreen has
reportedly become unresponsive, rendering the device useless.

Apple and Netflix customers targeted by new scam

iFixit claims that the issue can be traced back to a structural design flaw in
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - meaning millions of handsets could potentially be
vulnerable.

Despite this revelation, it currently remains unclear how widespread the problem
is.

Several users have been left angry by their handset's vulnerability, with many
taking to the Apple website to report the issue.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBET


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              876 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                       January 4, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone Recovery Tool Now Is Introduced To Recover Lost iPhone Data

LENGTH: 439  words


Monday, January 04, 2016: The iPhone recovery tool is now being introduced to
recover lost iPhone data for users

The aim of the company is to help all users in the fast recovery of a deleted
data brought by any unexpected incident.

Dr. Fone for iOS and iFonemate are the two of the iPhone data recovery
software's that can be found on the site. These are both functional in the
recovery of all lost data. The former is the most professional and most popular
one that enables the recovery of lost data from iPad, iPod Touch and iPhone.
This is also useful in the retrieval of lost data from iCloud backup or iTunes
backup. Almost seventeen types of data such as notes, contacts, photos, messages
and more are recovered by the software.

Among the key features of the tool include of the compatibility with iTunes
12.2.1, Windows 10, iPhone 6 Plus New Icon and iPhone 6, selectively recover and
preview data, recovery of data from iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, iPod Touch 4 and iPad
1, iMessage or Freely read recovered text and quick fix iPhone operating system.

As per the system requirements of the tool, these include of Windows 8.1, 8.7,
XP, Vista for thirty-two bit and sixty-four bit and Mac OS X 10.10, 10.9, 10.7,
10.6 and 10.8 for thirty-two bit and sixty-four bit. The recovery tool is easy
and convenient to use and has gone through a series of tests. The lost messages
from the Facebook Messenger are only recovered by the use of iOS device recovery
mode.

The recovery tool has its set of advantages such as a well-organized and simple
interface, fast recovery of lost data and preview of lost data.

The iFoneMate also belongs to the iPhone recovery tool and is capable of
recovering messages, notes, contacts, reminders, WeChat Messages, WeChat
Contacts, Notes, calendar messages, Safari Bookmark and WhatsApp. There is also
a chance to extract notes and contacts from iCloud backup or iTunes to iPad,
iPod Touch and iPhone.

As per the highlights of the recovery tool include of the retrieval of thirteen
types of data from the iCloud backup or iTunes, recovery of notes and contacts
to iPod Touch, iPad, iPhone, recovery of lost data due to virus infection,
deletion and any other circumstance, support of iOS devices such as iPhone 6s
Plus/6S, versatile file preview, file filter options and file search and
compatibility with iOS 9.

The advantages include of a free version available for users. This is also a
simple to useful recovery tool and this supports the most updated iOS 9 and
iPhone 6/6 Plus and iOS 9.

It is expected that more users will be interested in using the iPhone data
recovery software for their ease and convenience.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2016 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              877 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                           September 28, 2015 Monday

Apple sells 13 million new iPhones in 3 days

LENGTH: 238  words


Apple sold more than 13 million new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus smartphones in the
first three days of sale, the technology giant has announced.

The figure is a new record for Apple, having previously sold 10 million of the
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus when it went on sale last year. The new 6s model has a
better camera, faster processor and a pressure-sensitive screen for the first
time.

Queues formed outside Apple Stores around the world as the new phones went on
sale on Friday.

The company's chief executive Tim Cook said of the figures: "Sales for iPhone 6s
and iPhone 6s Plus have been phenomenal, blowing past any previous first weekend
sales results in Apple's history.

"Customers' feedback is incredible and they are loving 3D Touch and Live Photos,
and we can't wait to bring iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus to customers in even
more countries on October 9."

Following the launch of the iPhone 6 last year, Apple went on to see more than
70 million units in three months, and post the largest ever quarterly profit by
a public company in history of £11.8 billion.

There had been suggestions that given the huge sales last year, and the modest
upgrades on the device that demand could drop, however the addition of China as
a launch day country for the first time is likely to have boosted demand once
again.

Apple confirmed the new iPhones will also launch in 40 more countries on October
9, and reach 130 countries by the end of the year.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              878 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Cairns Post (Australia)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                                 Cairns Edition

What to expect from the latest iPhone 7

BYLINE: RODNEY CHESTER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 187  words


WHEN Apple CEO Tim Cook launches the iPhone 7 today, it will be a case of the
same iPhone you know but with more and less.

The more is expected to be a dual lens camera in the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus
"phablet" and the less is the expected removal of the headphone jack in the
iPhone 7 range, something that will make the phones slimmer but will also mean
people will be scrambling for an adaptor to plug in their favourite earphones.

It would be a genuine surprise if the iPhone 7 Plus did not have a dual lens
camera.

It could mean clearer pictures in a camera that works better in low light or it
could be an optical zoom. Time, and Tim Cook, will tell.

The leaks suggest the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will have a similar form factor to the
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, aside from moving the antenna strip from the back of the
phone, the addition of the extra lens in the bigger phone and a second speaker
likely to replace the headphone port.Apple is expected to release new headphones
with the iPhone with some tipping a new style of wireless beats called AirPods,
based on leaked reports of registered trade names ahead of today's event.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Cairns Post


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              879 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            October 18, 2015 Sunday

Is Apple charging Indians the most for iPhone 6S?

BYLINE: Neeraj Saxena & Ravi Sharma

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 768 words


NEW DELHI: Just how much is too much for an Apple iPhone? Is nearly Rs 1 lakh
too high a tag for a smartphone in a price-sensitive market like India which
laps up affordable Rs 10,000-15,000 Android-powered phones by the tons?

The answer to both the questions is what will define world's top brand's
strategy to carve a bigger pie of the burgeoning Indian smartphone market. Apple
never took India seriously as the revenues were minuscule.

Until a few years ago, it used to launch iPhone in India months after global
launch, thereby giving rise to a flourishing grey market

The situation changed in last two years, and this year, Apple had the quickest
turnaround when it launched iPhone 6S and 6S Plus in India on October 16,
Friday. A lot of Apple fanboys amusingly quipped Apple was finally taking India
seriously after company CEO Tim Cook's recent meeting with Prime Minister
Narendra Modi.

Make no mistake. Apple only takes its business seriously and it is a fact that
despite stupendous demand growth, the price-sensitive Indian market still
doesn't constitute a very big chunk of Apple's global revenues. Yet, there are
signals Apple may have started taking India seriously in the past two-three
years with the appointment of additional distributors and reduction in launch
cycle.

But there are also signs that Apple hasn't got its strategy right in India and
the pricing of the latest iPhones indicates just that. Apple's outrageous Indian
pricing of iPhone 6S and 6S Plus puts the smartphones out of reach of most
middle class buyers.

Even those who can afford to buy an iPhone feel the iterative update may not be
worth the money. And the buzzword is that Apple may have over-priced its coveted
gadget this time, thus making it difficult to delight Tim Cook in terms of
sales.

Though Apple afficinadaos don't like comparisons with iPhone rivals like Samsung
and Sony, it is a fact that none of the flagships from both rivals are priced as
high. And none comes close to the asking price of Rs 92,000 for the top-end
128GB iPhone 6 Plus!

Here is a look at the top-end smartphones available in India today and the MRP
of their base models:

Apple iPhone 6S (16GB): Rs 62,000

Apple iPhone 6S Plus (16GB): Rs 72,000

Samsung Galaxy Note5 (32GB): Rs 53,900

Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ (32GB): Rs 57,900

Google Nexus 6P (32GB): Rs 39,999

Google Nexus 5X (16GB): Rs 31,999

LG G4 (32GB): Rs 40,000

HTC One M9+ (32GB): Rs 52,500

OnePlus 2 (64GB): Rs 24,999

Motorola Moto X Style (16GB): Rs 29,999

Sony Xperia Z3+ (32GB): Rs 55,990

Sony Xperia Z5 (32GB): (Expected price Rs 60,000)

Though Apple and its premium brand appeal sets it apart, Apple is the only one
to charge over Rs 60,000 for its smartphones. While iPhones have always
commanded a premium in India due to aspirational value and Apple's amazing hype
machinery, charging Rs 72,000 for the 64GB iPhone 6S and Rs 82,000 for 64GB
iPhone 6S Plus seems to indicate Apple may have bitten more than it can chew.

This pricing can fuel the grey market once again as a number of potential buyers
may end up owning the handsets that come in to the country through the smuggling
route, like it was not so long ago.

In fact, iPhone 6S and 6S Plus may be the costliest in India, pricier than
anywhere else in the world. A quick glance at iPhone's pricing across major
markets clearly indicates Indian pricing of iPhone 6S and 6S Plus is higher by
at least Rs 15,000.

This also means that the entry-level 16GB iPhone 6S model costs Rs 8,500 more
than the same storage version of last year's iPhone 6. But there has been no
price increment in markets like the US and the UK and even China, despite the
significant devaluation of yuan.

Here are a few countries where you can get iPhone 6S and 6S Plus much cheaper
compared to India:

Even though a simple currency exchange pricing is not the correct comparison
matrix, and minor additional sales tax is levied in some countries, it is
evident that iPhone 6S and 6S Plus have been priced much higher in India than in
other markets by Apple. Even in France, which has among the highest prices for
Apple products, the new iPhone 6S is sold for 749 euros or Rs 55,228 MRP, much
lower than what it costs in India.

Though the prices of iPhones usually do not go down in the first few months of
launch, there are indications Apple may again allow sellers to cut prices in
order to push sales sooner rather than waiting for many months.

Till then, it won't be a surprise if a number of buyers choose to purchase the
new iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus from other countries or grey market to save on
the exorbitant Indian prices.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              880 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                            August 25, 2015 Tuesday

Apple to replace some iPhone 6 Plus cameras over blurry photos

LENGTH: 188  words


Apple Inc said it would replace a limited number iPhone 6 Plus phone cameras due
to faulty back cameras that take blurry photos.

The affected phones were mostly sold in a 4-month period between September 2014
and January 2015, Apple said on its website.

The company, whose shares were set to open at their lowest this year on Monday,
said a small component in the affected 6 Plus's iSight back camera may fail.

Read:Apple may launch next iPhone on September 9

Apple said it would replace the phone's camera free of charge if it takes blurry
photos and falls into a particular serial number range.

Earlier, CNNMoney verified that agbug in Apple's iOS has enabled a text message
to shut down iPhones upon receiving the text.

The device merely needs to receive the text to shut the phone down and does not
require the receiver to open it.

Read:The text that will make your iPhone crash

The text in the message includes two English words, a string of Arabic letters
and one Japanese character, all of which appear to have no meaning.

The post Apple to replace some iPhone 6 Plus cameras over blurry photos appeared
first on The Express Tribune.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              881 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                           September 21, 2014 Sunday
                                   Edition 2;
                                    Scotland

SIX MAD;
WE ROAD-TEST NEW IPHONES

SECTION: FEATURES; OPINION COLUMN; Pg. 47

LENGTH: 835 words


APPLE's two new, larger iPhones came out on Friday - and my testing suggests the
US giant has finally nailed the batteries.

The Sun was one of just a handful of newspapers given an early look.

I have been testing the iPhone 6 and "phablet"-sized 6 Plus, right.

They are the same but for screen size, battery and camera. But there are lots of
differences when compared with previous models. Here, I tell you how I got on
with the bigger devices and new features, and give my thoughts on whether or not
you should fork out your hard-earned to get one.

The 6 costs from £599 to £699 and the 6 Plus from £619 to £789, depending on how
much storage you go for.

This is similar to previous models.

Of course, the phones will be cheaper on two-year deals.

For example, EE has them for £49.99 then £58.99 a month, with calls, texts and
data.

DESIGN + SCREEN BOTH have a new sleeker look with curved edges - and both are
thinner.

The normal 6 is lighter than current models and feels great to hold, even with
its bigger 4.7in screen. The current models have 4in displays.

The yet larger 6 Plus, at 5.5in, is a handful even for my giant hands.

I think this is aimed more at those who have no tablet or will watch a lot of
films on the device, because the viewing area is almost twice as big as those of
current models.

Bigger screens can make it hard to reach stuff at the very top. But the
Reachability view - accessed with a double tap on the home button - brings the
top half of the screen down for easy access.

SOFTWARE APPLE's new iOS8 software is included on the new models - and has some
really neat new features.

Owners of the iPhone 5s, 5c, 5 and 4s can also download the software from
Friday.

Family Sharing stands out.

Use it to share photos, calendars and app purchases, music and films among
family members. As part of this, Ask to Buy requires parental consent before
kids buy stuff.

A feature called Handoff means you can start a message, email or photo editing
on your iPhone, and it is ready to finish on an iPad or Mac.

And the Messages app has been revamped, too, with a feature to share your
location with a pal so they can find you.

BATTERY SOME good news here. Apple says the battery will last longer - and it is
right. I certainly noticed a huge improvement.

I am a heavy user, getting lots of emails, using maps a lot and checking apps.

My 5s would need a boost in the afternoon.

The 6 got me through the day - just.

And the 6 Plus had 20 per cent of battery to spare.

With heavy use - streaming video, making lots of calls and downloads - a brand
new 5s lasted 5 hours 59 minutes, the 6 another hour and a half and the 6 Plus
with its giant battery just over ten hours.

SHOULD YOU UPGRADE? SO, should you get a new iPhone or switch from another make
of phone? If you have an iPhone 5s or 5c and are happy with the screen size, I'd
stick with what you have.

If you have a 4, 4s or 5 and are due an upgrade then go for it. Both will do
stuff much quicker and take better snaps - as well as wowing you with bigger
screens.

And what if you use a phone running Google's Android software, like Samsung's
Galaxy devices, or one running Windows Phone 8, like Nokia's Lumia series? The
iPhone is still the best-looking phone, easy to use and has most apps. It is
also thin and light.

But there are a couple of trade-offs. The top-end design and features mean it is
pricier than others, whether you buy it outright or get a contract.

In the end, it comes down to personal preference. Go into your local phone store
and play around with the new iPhones and see for yourself.

CAMERA THE new snapper may not have extra megapixels - it is still 8MP - but a
bigger lens makes your pictures much sharper, particularly when the light is
low.

The camera is another area where the 6 Plus is different, because it has optical
image stabilisation.

It works like the suspension on a car, keeping the picture still even if your
hand shakes.

It can also record videos in twice as much detail and better slow motion,
meaning you can take even better movies of little Johnny at sports day.

OTHER STUFF ANOTHER key boost is the "brain". The new processor, called the A8,
is 25 per cent faster than the one in the 5s but uses half as much power, which
is a reason for the improved battery.

I noticed apps load faster and games run more smoothly. And it will mean new
apps that come out will be able to do a lot more.

Apple Pay will turn your iPhone into a digital wallet, although I was not able
to test this because it is not out in the UK until next year. But the demos I
tried at Apple's HQ made it look simple.

Both phones still have the Touch ID fingerprint scanner and Siri voice control.

WHAT'S MISSING WITH bigger screens, Apple has addressed a key feature that drove
people to its rivals.

The battery is also much better but the phones still lack a software feature
that kicks in when your charge gets low and you desperately need your phone to
last a bit longer.

Rivals such as Sony offer a Stamina mode that turns off all but, say, calling
and texting.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUNscot


                    Copyright 2014 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              882 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 766 words


Resistance is futile, at least when it comes to the ever increasing sizes of
mobile phone screens. Or at least that's what you might think, given Apple's
decision to release not one but two iPhones with larger displays.

The iPhone 6 Plus is the monster of the family, with a massive 5.5-inch display
that dwarfs the iPhone 5S's four inches and the Galaxy S5's 5.1 inches. The
iPhone 6 Plus falls into that category that has been dubbed "phablet", and it's
not apologising for it.

And why should it, given that Apple has been criticised in the past for failing
to keep up with the trend to supersize your screen? This could be pushing it a
bit for some users though, in which case, the iPhone 6 is a compromise.

It's not just about size though. Apple has wedged a few more upgrades in there,
from the chip that has been bumped up to A8, to the camera, which now includes
optical image stabilisation.

The good . . .

The most obviously improved feature

is the screen. Not only is it huge - watching movies, playing games or even
working on documents can be done comfortably without the need for a tablet - but
it's pin-sharp. It has a resolution of 401 pixels per inch, compared with the
326ppi in the iPhone 5S.

The camera is a noticeable improvement. In a side by side comparison with the
iPhone 5S, low light images turned out far better on the iPhone 6 Plus, and that
has been extended to the front facing camera. It's particularly useful for
FaceTime, as the number of times you'll have perfect lighting conditions are far
fewer than those when half your face is in shadow, or you're peering at a screen
trying to make out who you're talking to. It also helps that you have a massive
display.

Focus Pixels, meanwhile, deliver faster autofocus. In theory, you should get
better images, although there is only so much a bad photographer can blame on
the phone.

You can also get timelapse video, and 240 frames per second slow motion video.

The bad

. . . While the size of the handset is

touted as a selling point, it may be a step too far for some users. It's not
quite iPad Mini sized, but it's still a little large for throwing into your
pocket. And you can't quite shake the feeling that it looks a bit ridiculous
when you hold it up to your ear to make a call - at least, for a little while
anyway. There have also been some reports of handsets bending, which is not a
design feature of the phone.  Eventually though, it all comes down to price.
Along with that larger than average display is a larger than average price. At
EUR 799 Sim free and unlocked, the iPhone 6 plus may be too rich for many users'
blood; looking at the contracts on offer for the device, it's still not going to
be a cheap upgrade. Especially if you end up with a warped handset a few months
later.

. . . and the rest

Much has been made of the iPhone 6 Plus's design, both its size and the
modification to Apple's now familiar design. But how does it actually feel to
hold? Even if you aren't equipped with larger than average mitts, the answer is:
not as bad as you'd think. Sure, it can take a few minutes to get used to, and
those with small hands may find it a touch more difficult to make the
adjustment, but

this device can be used by almost anyone.

Also, Apple has taken this issue into account and brought in something called
Reachability for the phones. Double-tapping the home key, rather than
double-pressing, will shorten the screen. So when web browsing, for example, you
can double-tap the home button lightly and the address bar will move down to the
middle of the screen, making it perfectly reachable while using the phone with
one hand. It also works in your music app, your camera, the iTunes store, even
third party apps. That double-tap will bring the top of the screen down to
within reach, so you can cancel that order you may have just placed for a giant
fake thumb.  Balancing the phone while you perform the manoeuvre may be slightly
more difficult, however. A gentle suggestion: invest in a case, because it's
likely that you will drop the iPhone 6 Plus at some stage, and any damage will
be glaringly obvious.

Another thing in its favour is the landscape mode. Turn your phone sideways and
not only do apps rotate but so does your homescreen and your email. It's very
iPad-like, so your Mini's days may be numbered. Considering the screen size,
you'd expect the battery life to be short, but it outlasted the comparison
iPhone 5S, even with extensive use.

The verdict HHHH This super-sized smartphone is a compromise between phone and
tablet; look past the figures to see its true potential.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              883 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 9, 2015 Wednesday 2:10 PM GMT

iPhone 6s smartphone will feature 'iCladding' as Apple take action to prevent
repeat of 'Bendgate';
Apple will unveil its latest smartphone along with a variety of other premium
gadgets at a launch event in California, from 6pm UK time today

BYLINE: By Ruki Sayid

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 162 words


Apple is today launching a tough new iPhone 6 with an aluminium casing to
prevent a repetition of "Bendgate".

Some iPhone 6 Plus mobiles warped when put in back pockets, but the iPhone 6s
and 6s Plus are designed to stay in shape.

Prices are expected to start from £539 for the 6S and £619 for the 6s Plus.

Apple is also set to unveil a king-size, 12.9in iPad and a 12.2ins iPad Air Plus
to take on Microsoft's 12ins Surface Pro 3.

A cheaper gold Apple Watch is also on the cards.

Is this a tantalising glimpse of the iPhone 6s?

Tantalizing glimpse of iPhone 6s or 7 leaked online

The latest iPhone will be debuted at a live event in California.

Apple CEO Tim Cook will deliver a keynote address and reveal the latest version
of the tech giant's hugely popular iPhone gadget.

The event will take place at the Bill Graham auditorium in San Francisco at 6pm
UK time.

For those in California, it'll be happening at 10am.

Watch the iPhone 6s launch via the Mirror.co.uk stream HERE from 7pm.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              884 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Apple CEO Cook goes from record sales to iPhone stumbles

BYLINE: Bloomberg News

SECTION: BUSINESS WIRE_; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 1044 words


Apple Inc. Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook called the introduction of the
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus over the weekend the "best launch ever." He may have spoken
too soon.

Just three days after announcing that Apple had sold a record 10 million new
iPhones over the opening weekend, Cook was faced with multiple snafus related to
the bigger-screen handsets. The company pulled a new mobile-software update,
dubbed iOS 8.0.1, after the program caused some people to lose cellular service
yesterday, and promised a fix soon. Scores of consumers also took to social
media to criticize the 6 Plus and how it can bend if sat on or if enough
pressure is placed upon it.

The stumbles blemished what had been a carefully choreographed product unveiling
that was meant to put Cook's stamp on Apple. Executives at the Cupertino,
California-based company had for months teased the introduction of the new
iPhones before finally debuting them on Sept. 9. The devices had spurred a
frenzy of demand, with pre-orders topping 4 million, the record weekend sales
and a thriving gray market for the smartphones in China and elsewhere.

Now Cook's rollout of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus is marred, recalling incidents
that the CEO has faced with other product debuts. Last year, Cook apologized for
the iPhone's warranty and repair policies in China after receiving criticism
from state- run media over customer service in the market. In 2012, Cook also
said he was sorry for Apple's malfunctioning mapping software, which was faulted
for misguided directions and inaccurate landmark locations.

Better Handle

"I just wish that Tim Cook had a better handle on things," said Jason Nochimson,
34, an iPhone 6 owner who spent 2 1/2 hours on Apple's customer support line
after downloading the software upgrade yesterday and finding it stopped his
cellular service. "I was worried that my daughter's school was going to call me
today and I wasn't going to be able to get them."

Apple said in an e-mailed statement that it has devised a workaround for iPhone
6 users who lost voice service or other features. Users can reinstall the
previous version of iOS to restore past functionality and Apple plans to release
a new version of the operating system, iOS 8.0.2, in the next few days.

"We apologize for the great inconvenience experienced by users," Apple said in
the statement.

The new iPhones are crucial to Apple. The devices generate more than half of the
company's annual $171 billion in revenue and precede a swath of other products,
including new iPads, an Apple Watch and a mobile-payments system called Apple
Pay.

Sales Momentum

Yet while Cook deals with consumer criticism over his handling of the iPhone
rollout, the issues may have little impact on Apple's sales. Demand for the new
handsets has the company poised to sell more than 61 million iPhones in the
December quarter, surpassing last year's record 51 million sold, according to
Barclays.

Sales are also set to pick up -- not decelerate -- as the new iPhones become
available in more countries. On Sept. 19, the first day the handsets went on
sale in stores, Apple rolled them out in 10 countries. The company is set to
introduce the gadgets in another 22 countries on Sept. 26. In total, the iPhones
will be in 115 countries by the end of the year, Apple has said.

"It will do nothing, I don't suspect it will dampen any demand," said Tim
Bajarin, an analyst at Creative Strategies Inc., about concerns over bending
phones and iOS problems.

Apple shares fell 0.9 percent to $100.83 in trading before U.S. exchanges
opened, after closing at $101.75 in New York yesterday. The stock is up 27
percent this year.

Second Thoughts

Still, some consumers are thinking twice about buying the devices in the wake of
yesterday's snafus. After having problems with Apple's new software upgrade to
his old iPhone, James Zahrt, a customer since 1989, decided to put off a new
smartphone purchase.

"I was going to order one immediately" but now "I'm going to wait," said Zahrt,
58, of Mt. Prospect, Illinois, who's had troubles with his iPhone 4s's alarm
clock working properly since downloading Apple's iOS 8 software last week. "I
think the bugs need to be worked out on this thing."

The popular tide turned against the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus earlier this week
when reports began emerging that the 5.5-inch screen larger model was bending
when people sat on it. Rivals including BlackBerry Inc. Chief Executive Officer
John Chen took a jab at the iPhone yesterday, saying he "would challenge you
guys to bend our Passport" device.

Software Surprise

That was followed by reports from users yesterday that the iOS 8 software
upgrade, which had been issued to address previous software bugs and add the
health and fitness-monitoring application HealthKit, was causing some customers
to experience dropped cell service.

Nochimson, the customer who spent 2 1/2 hours on the phone with Apple customer
service yesterday, said his representative was unaware there would be a software
update.

"He told me that he was not made aware that Apple was releasing 8.0.1 today,"
Nochimson said. "It was a shock to him that that happened. He said typically
when they do software updates they know about it days in advance so they're
ready for it."

Frustrations about iOS 8 had been mounting even before yesterday, with user
complaints that their devices' battery life seemed to have dwindled after
downloading the software, along with data showing applications were more likely
to crash with the operating system. According to Crittercism Inc., an analytics
firm, iOS 8 causes apps to crash about 3.3 percent of the time, or 67 percent
more than last year's version.

While glitches aren't unusual for software updates, Apple attracts more
attention, said Frank Gillett, an analyst at Forrester Research.

"Apple is a bit of lightning rod or a focus because as a company, they inspire a
lot of positive and negative passion and also because they are now this company
with a global brand and global reach," he said.

To contact the reporters on this story: Tim Higgins in San Francisco at
thiggins21bloomberg.net; Adam Satariano in San Francisco at
asatariano1bloomberg.net To contact the editors responsible for this story:
Pui-Wing Tam at ptam13bloomberg.net Reed Stevenson, Aaron Clark

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Associated Press Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks about iOS 8 at the Apple
Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco. Apple has stopped providing an
update to its new iOS 8 mobile operating software, following complaints by some
users who said that the update interferes with their ability to make phone
calls.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              885 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                    September 10, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple pulls out iPhone 4S and iPod Classic from its store

LENGTH: 180  words


With the debut of the Apple Iphone 6, Iphone 6 Plus and iWatch, Apple has phased
out its some of its popular old-generation products which includes the company's
iPod Classic and iPhone 4S. After the announcements were made, Apple updated its
own store by adding the newly launched devices and removing the iPod Classic and
iPhone 4S from its store. Moreover, it has also discontinued 30-pin connector
chargers used with old iPhones including the iPhone 4S.

Apple has been following this tradition of phasing out old generation products
every time it introduces new ones. Last year as well, after the launch of iPhone
5C and iPhone 5S, the company had made the iPhone 4S available for free with
contract in the US. And now it has pulled it from its store. Likewise, this year
as well the company has mentioned on its official site that with the launch of
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in the market, the company will be making the iPhone
5C free for users on two years contract. Also it has slashed the prices of
iPhone 5S starting from $99 with two years contract with operator in the US.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              886 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

iPhone 6 - the specs showdown

LENGTH: 492 words


Apple has finally launched the much awaited iPhone 6 Plus and iPhone 6 at WWDC
2014 on its Silver Jubilee, yesterday. Finally, my social and tech news feed can
take a back seat with all the rumored specs and product leaks. However, most of
them were fairly accurate. Being an Android convert myself since iPhone [...]
The post iPhone 6 - the specs showdown appeared first on tbreak.ae.

Apple has finally launched the much awaited iPhone 6 Plus and iPhone 6 at WWDC
2014 on its Silver Jubilee, yesterday. Finally, my social and tech news feed can
take a back seat with all the rumored specs and product leaks. However, most of
them were fairly accurate. Being an Android convert myself since iPhone 3GS; I
can safely say, I'm not going to be reverting back anytime soon, yet.

On paper the specs are pretty straight forward;


iPhone 6    iPhone 6       Galaxy Note 4  LG G3
Plus

Announced   2014/09/09     2014/09/09     2014/09/03        2014/05/27
On
Processor   Apple          Apple          Qualcomm          Qualcomm
Brand
Architectur 64bit          64bit          32bit             32bit
e
Processor   A82-core2 GHz  A82-core2 GHz  Snapdragon        Snapdragon
Name                                      8054-core2.7 GHz  8014-core2.5
                                                            GHz
RAM         2 GB           2 GB           3 GB              2 GB (16) 3GB
                                                            (32)
Built-In    16,64,128 GB   16,64,128 GB   32 GB             32 GB
Storage
Edxternal   No             No             MicroSD (upto     MicroSD (upto
Card Slot                                 64GB)             128GB)
Display     IPS LCD,       IPS LCD,       Super AMOLED,     IPS LCD,
Type        Touchscreen    Touchscreen    Touchscreen       Touchscreen
            Screen         Screen         Screen            Screen
Glass Type  Sapphire       Sapphire       2.5D Glass        Gorilla Glass
                                                            3
Resolution  1920×1080      1334×750       2560×1440         2560×1440
Pixel       416ppi         416ppi         515ppi            534ppi
Density
Screen Size 5.5"           4.7"           5.7"              5.5"
SIM Type    Nano SIM       Nano SIM       Micro SIM         Micro SIM
LTE         CAT4           CAT4           CAT6              CAT4
Category
Rear Camera 8 Megapixel    8 Megapixel    16 Megapixel      13 Megapixel
Front       1.2 Megapixel  1.2 Megapixel  3.7 Megapixel     2.1 Megapixel
Camera
Video       720p/30fps     720p/30fps     1080p/30fps       1080p/30fps,
Resolutions                                                 720p/30fps
Wireless    No             No             Yes               Yes
Charging
NFC Sensor  Yes            Yes            Yes               Yes
Battery     2910 mAh       1850 mAh       3220 mAh          3000 mAh
Capacity
(mAh)

Don't be fooled by A8 2-Core 2.7 GHz, which on paper is 2 less cores than Note 4
or G3, but keep in mind it's a 64-bit processor rather than the 32-bit and hence
they were able to pull off similar user experience with a mere 1GB on its
predecessor, iPhone 5S and that now has been bumped up to 2GB for iPhone 6.
Being a current Samsung Galaxy Note 3 owner, I was secretly hoping that Samsung
Galaxy Note 4 would come out with the new 64-bit Qualcomm Snapdragon 808/810 to
be on par with Apple processors in that domain. Although, there are elements of
iPhone 6 hardware that are really sub-standard when compared to the latest
Android devices out there in the market from Samsung, LG, HTC or even Huawei,
but iOS 8 and OS X Yosemite features are going to play a key role in setting
iPhone 6 apart from the rest, especially, if your other devices are already in a
MAC environment. Nonetheless, we will have to wait and see how iPhone 6 performs
side by side with other devices along with some in depth stress testing.

The post iPhone 6 - the specs showdown appeared first on tbreak.ae.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2014 TBREAK MEDIA
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              887 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     October 22, 2015 Thursday 11:31 AM GMT

iPhone 6S review: a very good phone ruined by rubbish battery life;
Apple's latest iPhone has a better camera, pressure sensitive 3D Touch screen,
faster processor and quick fingerprint sensor, but lives fast and dies before
bed

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1409 words


Star Rating: 4 stars

The iPhone 6S is one of only a handful of smaller premium smartphones and
promises fast performance, a great camera and new pressure-sensitive
touchscreen.

In a world of smartphones with screens larger than 5in, the 4.7in iPhone 6S is
in the minority. Most smaller smartphones are cut-down budget models with Sony's
4.6in Xperia Z5 Compact the exception.

Small, sleek but a bit heavier

The iPhone 6S is the spitting image of last year's iPhone 6. Side-to-side,
back-to-back the only visible difference is a small "S" printed on the back and
an extra 0.2mm in thickness. A pink version is also available, of course, if you
want everyone to know you have the very latest smartphone.

At 143g the iPhone 6S is 14g heavier than last year's model and the larger 5.1in
138g Samsung Galaxy S6 and the 138g Sony Xperia Z5 Compact. The difference is
negligible.

It feels reassuringly solid and smooth in the hand compared to the iPhone 6, and
it is slightly less slippery. It's right on the limit of what I can use with one
hand and still reach the top of the screen, which you need to be able to do
within iOS.

The iPhone 6S's screen, with 326 pixels per inch, has a relatively low pixel
density compared to most other flagship smartphones. The denser the pixels, the
crisper the screen appears. Lower density is particularly noticeable around text
and the edges of icons.

The iPhone 6S's 4.7in screen is noticeably less sharp than the 5.5in 401ppi
screen of the iPhone 6S Plus, or the 577ppi 5.1in screen of the Samsung Galaxy
S6.

While it is similar to the Sony Xperia Z5 Compact 's 323ppi screen and you may
not notice the reduced clarity unless you put it side by side with a phone like
the Galaxy S6, it really is time Apple increased the pixel density of its
smaller flagship phone to at least match that of its phablet.

Specifications

     ·    Screen: 4.7in 750 x 1334 pixels (326 ppi)
     ·    Processor: dual-core Apple A9
     ·    RAM: 2GB of RAM
     ·    Storage: 16/64/128GB; no SD card
     ·    Operating system: iOS 9
     ·    Camera: 12MP rear camera, 5MP front-facing camera
     ·    Connectivity: LTE, Wi-Fi, NFC, Bluetooth 4.2 and GPS
     ·    Dimensions: 138.3 x 67.1 x 7.1mm
     ·    Weight: 143g



As fast as an iPhone can be

The iPhone 6S has the same dual-core A9 processor and 2GB of RAM as the 6S Plus
and performs similarly.

It's as snappy as an Apple smartphone can currently be, limited by the fixed
duration of iOS 9's animations, all of which are as smooth as they were on the
iPhone 6. It's not nearly as snappy as Samsung's Galaxy S6, which is not held
back by the same animation speed limit.

A couple of larger apps and heavier processes, such as video or photo editing,
are slightly faster to load and get work done than last year's iPhone. Switching
between apps is also slightly faster and the Siri suggest screen on the
left-most homescreen within iOS 9 also loads faster on the iPhone 6S compared to
the iPhone 6.

Apple claims the A9 is 70% faster than last year's A8 but not many apps are
available yet to take advantage of the extra speed.

I found the iPhone 6S became warmer than the iPhone 6S Plus, particularly when
downloading or accessing content via the mobile broadband connection rather than
Wi-Fi.

Call quality was excellent and reliable, with no dropped calls in my testing on
EE's mobile network in London. Wi-Fi calling was also excellent and only took
around a second to log on when connecting to Wi-Fi.

Has anyone got an iPhone charger?

Battery life is the iPhone 6S's biggest problem. During the week the phone
failed to make it past 11pm after leaving the charger at 7.30am in the morning.

I used the iPhone as my primary device, receiving hundreds of emails and push
notifications, conducting 2.5 hours of browsing, three hours of music playback
via Bluetooth headphones, taking a couple of pictures and playing the odd game
of Angry Birds 2 on the train home.

At the weekend it spent most of the day sitting on a table untouched, but I
still went to bed with only 30% charge left. Apple's new Low Power Mode made
little appreciable difference in real-world use.

Apple has chosen weight and thickness over battery life, which is a poor choice.
Your experience may vary, but I suspect you will have to charge the iPhone 6S
twice a day.

iOS 9

The iPhone 6S comes with iOS 9 pre-installed; the same software that runs on any
iPhone from the 4S and newer. There are a few features such as Live Photos and
always-listening Siri which are exclusive to this year's iPhones.

iOS 9 seems better designed for the smaller phone. For example, menu options to
go back are placed in the top left hand corner, which I can reach with only one
hand. The tightly kerned typeface San Francisco is also designed to fit more
text on a smaller screen.

For more information see the iOS 9 review.

3D Touch

The new pressure-sensitive screen provides options for more gestures based on
pressing harder. Generally this invokes a pop-up menu similar to a right click.
Homescreen icons will show a quick action menu, while Instagram shows recent
photos from users when pressing harder on their username.

The "peek" and "pop" gestures, as Apple calls them, allow users to preview an
email, for example, without opening it by pushing harder. Releasing and pushing
harder again opens it fully. It's useful in the Calendar app to preview a day in
month view, but 3D Touch lacks any killer features for now.

Touch ID

The Touch ID fingerprint sensor under the home button is much quicker than
Apple's previous efforts, unlocking in under a second and recognising my thumb
99% of the time.

It makes using Apple Pay a lot faster and less clumsy, although some have
complained that you can't see notifications on the lockscreen because it unlocks
too fast. That's what an Apple Watch is for, I suppose, or you could use another
finger.

Taptic Engine

The Taptic Engine creates much sharper, more defined vibrations. It feels great
in the hand, but I found it too weak in the pocket without switching to a much
more aggressive vibration pattern in the Settings app.

Camera

The iPhone 6S's new 12-megapixel camera is one of the best available on a
smartphone, but it is not leagues ahead of the competition anymore and only
slightly improved over the iPhone 6.

Photos are captured with good detail and excellent colour balance. Low light
performance is good too, as is video recording, which is smooth when captured at
60 frames per second.

The lack of optical image stabilisation when compared to the 6S Plus was not
particularly noticeable for normal shots, but video and photos shot in low light
were slightly more shaky and blurred, particularly towards the end of a night
out.

Recording 4K video takes up 300MB of storage space per minute, producing decent
if not exceptional video, while the 3MB Live Photos are an interesting novelty
of which I easily became bored. I ended up shooting more videos after becoming
frustrated with the poor quality and low frame rate of Live Photos.

Price

The iPhone 6S costs £539 for 16GB of storage, £619 for 64GB and £699 for 128GB
in silver, dark grey, gold and pink.

Competitors such as the Samsung Galaxy S6 costs £400 for 32GB of storage and
Sony Xperia Z5 Compact is available for pre-order costing £450 for 32GB with
expansion support.

No one should buy the 16GB storage version as it is just not enough space for
today's apps, music, photos and video, particularly if shot in 4K or taking Live
Photos.

Verdict

The iPhone 6S has the potential to be the best smaller smartphone on the market,
but its short battery life is deeply frustrating.

Apple's iOS 9 fits and works better on the 4.7in screen than on the larger
iPhone 6S Plus, the bezels and size of the device compared to the screen are
more suited to the smaller size and it feels great in the hand.

But it can't get you home on a night out, it can't pull double duty as a camera
on holiday and it can't be a commuter's boredom destroyer without a top up
during the day.

Pros: fast fingerprint scanner, good camera, Taptic Engine, solid build, great
feeling  Cons: poor battery life of less than a day, expensive, 16GB is not
enough storage, no OIS like the 6S Plus, vibration not intense enough to
reliably notice incoming texts

Other reviews

     ·    iPhone 6S Plus review: barely better than the iPhone 6 Plus
     ·    Sony Xperia Z5 Compact review: arguably the best smaller smartphone
     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 review: the iPhone killer
     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge review: curves for pleasure, not function
     ·    Huawei P8 review: thin, powerful and undercuts the competition


LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              888 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            October 7, 2014 Tuesday
                                 Delhi Edition

THE WAIT IS OVER New iPhones to Hit Indian Stores in Another 10 Days

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 916 words


Apple hasbegun preorders of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6+ smartphones from 12:01 am
on October 7, reports Gulveen Aulakh in New Delhi. Sales of the devices start 10
days later. Retailers and carriers are finalising payment & data bundling
offers.

Large format retailers are busy lining up easy payment options while top
carriers Bharti Airtel and Reliance Communications are finalising data bundling
offers as Apple begins pre-orders of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones
from 12:01 am on October 7, and starts selling them 10 days later.

Apple will sell the smartphones from October 17 in three storage variants
through its official distribution partners Redington, Ingram Micro and Rashi
Peripherals. The 4.7-inch 16 GB iPhone 6 will cost . 53,500, the 64 GB storage
variant ` will come for ` . 62,500, while the 128 GB has a price tag of ` .
71,500, according to Redington's website. The 5.5inch screen iPhone 6 Plus will
be priced higher than its smaller counterpart with the 16 GB variant priced at
`. 62,500 and the 64 GB model costing `. 71,500. The 128 GB variant is the most
expensive, at ` . 80,500.

"The devices will be available at all leading modern trade stores and retail
outlets across India," Ingram Micro said in a statement on Monday. Infibeam, the
sole authorised online retail partner of Apple for iPhones in India, said that
it will begin taking pre-orders of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus online, for
deliveries on October 17.

Interestingly, the prices for iPhone 6 are the same as those of the iPhone 5S
launched last year, the 16 GB variant of which helped Apple cross the 1
million-mark in India iPhone sales within its financial year ended September
2014, for the first time ever.

Some retailers that ET spoke to said that they have received a rush of inquiries
for the latest devices which it launched in the US on September 9, even as Apple
is yet to decide on the stocks that will be given to each of the retail chains.
Some caution that limited stocks -thanks to continuing strong global demand and
start of the devices' sale in China on October 17 \xAD may leave many aspiring
buyers disappointed.

"We've been getting inquiries since the US launch and this time, pre-orders are
beginning 10 days in advance, which is a big surprise be

cause usually pre-orders in India are limited to 3-4 days that we've seen in the
past," said Himanshu Chakravarti, CEO of The Mobile Store, India's largest
retail chain with 450 stores selling mobile phones.

The long pre-order period, some say, is aimed at cornering a chunk of buyers in
the premium segment as Diwali approaches. Recent weeks have seen a slew of
launches in the high-end segment, with Sony launching its flagship products
Xperia Z3 and Xperia Z3 Compact last week at .

`51,990 and .

`44,990, respectively. BlackBerry launched its Passport smartphone a week back
for .

`49,990 while Samsung introduced the Galaxy ALPHA smartphone for .

`39,990, and is scheduled to launch the Galaxy Note 4 before Diwali.

To push Apple sales, The Mobile Store will offer EMI scheme to buyers who use
credit cards to make the purchase, and it is also planning to accept pre-booking
of the iPhones at its retail stores for a token amount which could be as low as
a few thousand rupees, Chakravarti said.

Satish Babu, founder of Chennaibased retail chain UniverCell, said that the
demand has been "very good, irrespective of the bending issues or grey market
pricing", but added that Apple had not confirmed the number of units that will
be given to the larger retailers. The technology major may offer fewer stocks to
India since it faces far higher international demand and also since the company
will on October 17 begin selling the iPhones in China which is a much bigger
market compared to India, say sector watchers.

"Stocks will be very low," said a top executive at another large retailer on the
condition of anonymity. He added that an expected sales fore

cast would be done this week after which stock will be decided a few days before
October 17.

Despite a number of smartphone launches before Diwali, sector trackers feel
Apple is best placed to capitalise on the festive demand in the premium segment.
"They (Apple) will take a large share of the premium smartphone segment, without
doubt," said Chakravarti.

Mobile phone service providers Bharti Airtel and Reliance Communications, which
had partnered with Apple during the launch of the iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C last
year, will also sell the new models through their offline and online stores,
bundled with some data plans.

People aware of the plans of the telcos said that the companies were firming up
staggered payment options and financing schemes from banks for consumers who
would be lining up to buy the smartphones despite the ongoing tussle between
online and offline retailers.

"For a quarter (the iPhone) sales will jump, because of EMI schemes," said
Sanchit Vir Gogia, founder CEO at Greyhound Research.

He, however, added that sales would dwindle after a quarter or two and would not
be dramatically high, like in the US where Apple sold 10 million in the first
weekend, since the market in India will be limited to Apple users, many of who
are still not ready to move beyond the iPhone 5S.

"We spoke to about 400-450 iPhone users, did a small study and we found that
60-70% of iPhone users are not comfortable moving on. First, the iPhone 6 Plus
is too big, it bleeds into the iPad Mini. Second, many don't find anything
revolutionary different in the new devices," he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              889 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Al Watan (Saudi Arabia - Arabic)

                          September 10, 2016 Saturday

                                                   Ooredoo تطرح iPhone 7 و 7Plus

LENGTH: 206 words



   أعلنت Ooredoo أمس أنها ستوفر لعملائها هاتفي iPhone 7 وiPhone 7 Plus الجديدين،
      واللذين يعدا الجهازين الأفضل والأكثر تطوراً على الإطلاق من iPhone. وسيحتوي
  الإصداران الجديدان من iPhone على نظام كاميرا متطور وجديد بالكامل، وقد تم تصميم
 الهاتف ليكون مقاوماً للماء والغبار، كما يحتوي الهاتف على نظام سماعات صوت ستيريو
 وشريحة معالج A10 Fusion التي تعد الشريحة الأقوى بالنسبة لأي هاتف ذكي، إضافة إلى
   عمر بطارية هو الأفضل على الإطلاق بالنسبة لجميع إصدارات iPhone السابقة.  ويمكن
   للعملاء طلب هاتفي iPhone 7 وiPhone 7 Plus مسبقاً، اعتباراً من 16 سبتمبر 2016،
          وسيكون الهاتفان متوافرين في مراكز Ooredoo وعبر الإنترنت من خلال الرابط
   ooredoo.qa/buy. وسيكون هاتفا iPhone 7 وiPhone 7 Plus متوافقين مع أحدث تحسينات
  Ooredoo لشبكتها سوبرنت وهي المعيار Category 9 LTE-Advanced Standard، الذي يمكن
                   العملاء من استخدام سرعات تنزيل تصل إلى 325 ميغابايت بالثانية.


 وتوفر Ooredoo مجموعة من باقات البيانات تناسب جميع الإمكانات، وتتراوح من 3 ريال.
 يومياً لكمية بيانات تبلغ 150 ميغابايت على خدمة هلا، وحتى 500 ريال. لباقة بيانات
    الشهري غير المحدودة.  ويعمل هاتفا iPhone 7 وiPhone 7 Plus بنظام تشغيلiOS 10،
والذي يعد أكبر إصدارات أنظمة تشغيل الهواتف الجوالة على الإطلاق وأكثرها تطوراً في
                                    العالم. وستكون أجهزة iPhone 6 وiPhone 6 Plus

                                        وiPhone 6s وiPhone 6s Plus متوافرة كذلك.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ARABIC; العربية

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 24


                Copyright 2016 Assir Est. for Press & Publishing
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              890 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

After all the rumors, the big question: Has iPhone scored?

BYLINE: Liu Zheng in San Francisco

LENGTH: 928  words


After listening to months of rumors, finally the climax: a mega product launch
event which once again caught the media spotlight for Apple Inc in September.

Mega product launch, guaranteed media spotlight, but Apple's magic under
scrutiny

After listening to months of rumors, finally the climax: a mega product launch
event which once again caught the media spotlight for Apple Inc in September.

Moving on from initially being cheered up without a second's thought about the
new features of the latest generation of iPhones, which are equipped with dual
rear cameras and dust and water resistance features, a series of questions
popped up: does the design look familiar? Is Apple just following the trends
being set by the Huawei P9 and Samsung S7, rather than being innovative as it is
used to be?

I found the answer during my chats with online subscribers, who stayed up too
late to follow Apple's new business move on a live-streaming platform.

Some of them are independent IT critics who specialize in smartphone
photography. Some, who asked to be anonymous, said that the technologies and
algorithms behind the iPhone 7 Plus and Huawei P9 are different as the latter
provides a dual camera with one capturing monochrome and the other providing
color photos.

The dual camera system of the iPhone 7 Plus allows the two cameras to shoot as
one, for a high resolution optical zoom at two times.

"The new iPhone carries out the design theory of Apple, which is being simple,
fashion and user friendly," said James Yan, research director at Counterpoint
Technology Market Research.

Yan said there was no big surprises for the new iPhones, as the rumors prior to
the launch seemed to have disclosed most of the details. But he believes that
the products "will do well" in the first five months in China, and afterward,
the market performance will rely on whether its domestic competitors follow its
footsteps and launch products with similar technologies.

Meanwhile, the most regrettable thing for me this year is Augmented Reality
(AR).

As AR hardware manufacturing and investment has witnessed rapid growth from last
year in China - and Pokemon Go, the location-based AR game, became a global hit
- the market had been expecting to see Apple spread its wings.

Rumors linked to Apple's future VR strategy appeared online and drew the
industry's attention as CEO Tim Cook commented on the technology publicly, which
was interpreted as a sign Apple was about to extend into the AR sector.

But the "One More Thing" part of the event, described as the company's
traditional disclosure of a trend or innovative ideas that will be implemented
in its products, was not shown in the end.

People tend to think that Apple won't disclose any details until it's fully
ready to do so.

liuzheng@chinadaily.com.cnSound bites

Sound bites

"Generally speaking, I am kind of disappointed with the iPhone 7 series. The new
series is not as innovative as I thought previously. Before the event, I really
look forward to the news that Apple may ditch the home button. But now Apple is
still keeping it. And since my iPhone 6s can meet my need for taking selfies, I
won't buy the new iPhone 7 or 7 plus. I would only buy one if I made a fortune."

Liu Yujing, 20, junior at North China University of Technology

"I have used the iPhone for around 7 years. Compared to other mobile phones,
iPhone is the best. So I always want to try Apple's new products. Seeing the
event, I really want to buy an iPhone 7 plus. Now I have a 64GB iPhone 6, and I
always need to delete stuff for new photos of my kid or news conferences. So I
really need a new one with enough space. And since the iPhone 7 plus packs dual
cameras, I will choose that instead of the iPhone 7." Gao Suying, 39, chief
editor at Bei-jing-based China Business Journal

"Compared with last year's iPhone 6s, I feel the new iPhone 7 series does not
bring any big change. Of course, there are some bright spots, such as the
waterproof feature and the final launch of the Super Mario Run for iPhone. For
me, the best part of the new series is the A-10 processor. Due to my Sony Xperia
Z3's small internal storage, I might consider buying an iPhone 6 plus or iPhone
6s. As you know, there definitely will be a price reduction on them."

Zhen Xiang, 26, staff member at Yiai Lake Park Administration in Huanggang,
Hubei province

"In design, the iPhone 7 series has not done enough on the innovation front. The
worst thing is the removal of the 3.55mm headphone jack, which will cause
inconvenience for users. Now users need to buy an extra convert-er for
headphones. What's more, consumers have to pay more money for more storage
space. So I certain-ly would not buy a new iPhone, Actually I have more fondness
for my own Huawei Honor 6 plus, which came out with dual cameras two years ago.
And the price is much better."

Zhu Yi, project manager at Research & Development Center (Jiaxing, Zhejiang
province) at Minth Group Ltd, a leading supplier of exterior auto parts

Apple CEO Tim Cook shows an iPhone 7 to performer Maddie Ziegler during an event
to announce new products on Wednesday in San Francisco. Provided To China Daily

(China Daily 09/09/2016 page16)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/61/147355556750.jpg

eca86bda350e193c5baf01.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/18/147355556845.jpg

eca86bda350e193c5bc303.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/24/147355556940.jpg

eca86bda350e193c5bc906.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/63/147355557028.jpg

eca86bda350e193c5bcf0a.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/14/147355557124.jpg

eca86bda350e193c5b9800.jpg

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              891 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             June 21, 2016 Tuesday

Apple's appeal in iPhone case accepted by IP court

LENGTH: 424  words


The Beijing Intellectual Property Court has accepted an appeal by Apple to
review a ruling by the capital's patent office ordering the company to halt the
sales of its iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in Beijing after finding the design too
closely resembles a Chinese phone.

The Beijing Intellectual Property Office said in a statement on its website that
it ordered Apple and a reseller of its products in Beijing, Beijing Zoomflight
Communication Equipment Co, to stop selling the two iPhone models after it found
they infringed upon the rights of a Shenzhen-based company.

A spokesman for the court said it had accepted Apple's appeal to review the
ruling, but it has not set a time for the hearing.

An Apple spokesman told AFP that the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, as well as
iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone SE models are "all available for sale today
in China".

"We appealed an administrative order from a regional patent tribunal in Beijing
last month, and as a result the order has been stayed pending review by the
Beijing IP Court," the Apple spokesman said.

The complaint against Apple was filed by Shenzhen Baili Marketing Service Co, a
small Chinese brand that designed a cellphone model called the 100C.

Despite a number of differences between the 100C and the iPhone 6, "the
differences are too tiny to be noticeable by average consumers, and thus it
should be deemed that there is no apparent difference between the two phone
models", according to a verdict by the Beijing patent tribunal.

The tribunal made its ruling in May, and it was reported by Chinese media
recently.

The IP dispute is the latest faced by Apple over the design of its products in
China, its second-largest market after the Americas.

The company lost a four-year fight against a Beijing leather products maker in
May after the Beijing Municipal High People's Court ruled in favor of Xintong
Tiandi Technology, which sells a number of leather products such as smartphone
cases and handbags under the name "iphone".

In 2012, Apple paid $60 million to a Shenzhen-based maker of computer screens
and LED lights to settle a dispute over the iPad trademark on the Chinese
mainland.

The company, Proview Technology, claimed that the Taipei subsidiary of its Hong
Kong-based parent registered the iPad trademark in a number of countries and
regions in 2000. Even though the iPad trademark was purchased by Apple from
Proview Taipei in 2009, Proview Shenzhen said it reserved the right to use the
trademark it registered on the Chinese mainland in 2001. 2016 Legal Monitor
Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              892 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Asia News Network (ANN)

                              June 20, 2016 Monday

Apple's appeal in iPhone case accepted by China's IP court

BYLINE: Xu Wei

LENGTH: 419  words


The Beijing Intellectual Property Court has accepted an appeal by Apple to
review a ruling by the capital's patent office ordering the company to halt the
sales of its iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in Beijing after finding the design too
closely resembles a Chinese phone.

The Beijing Intellectual Property Office said in a statement on its website that
it ordered Apple and a reseller of its products in Beijing, Beijing Zoomflight
Communication Equipment Co, to stop selling the two iPhone models after it found
they infringed upon the rights of a Shenzhen-based company.

A spokesman for the court said it had accepted Apple's appeal to review the
ruling, but it has not set a time for the hearing.

An Apple spokesman told AFP that the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, as well as
iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone SE models are "all available for sale today
in China".

"We appealed an administrative order from a regional patent tribunal in Beijing
last month, and as a result the order has been stayed pending review by the
Beijing IP Court," the Apple spokesman said.

The complaint against Apple was filed by Shenzhen Baili Marketing Service Co, a
small Chinese brand that designed a cellphone model called the 100C.

Despite a number of differences between the 100C and the iPhone 6, "the
differences are too tiny to be noticeable by average consumers, and thus it
should be deemed that there is no apparent difference between the two phone
models", according to a verdict by the Beijing patent tribunal.

The tribunal made its ruling in May, and it was reported by Chinese media
recently.

The IP dispute is the latest faced by Apple over the design of its products in
China, its second-largest market after the Americas.

The company lost a four-year fight against a Beijing leather products maker in
May after the Beijing Municipal High People's Court ruled in favor of Xintong
Tiandi Technology, which sells a number of leather products such as smartphone
cases and handbags under the name "iphone".

In 2012, Apple paid $60 million to a Shenzhen-based maker of computer screens
and LED lights to settle a dispute over the iPad trademark on the Chinese
mainland.

The company, Proview Technology, claimed that the Taipei subsidiary of its Hong
Kong-based parent registered the iPad trademark in a number of countries and
regions in 2000. Even though the iPad trademark was purchased by Apple from
Proview Taipei in 2009, Proview Shenzhen said it reserved the right to use the
trademark it registered on the Chinese mainland in 2001.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 2075


                       Copyright 2016 Asia News Network.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              893 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            China Daily - US Edition

                              June 20, 2016 Monday

Apple's appeal in iPhone case accepted by IP court

LENGTH: 448  words


The Beijing Intellectual Property Court has accepted an appeal by Apple to
review a ruling by the capital's patent office ordering the company to halt the
sales of its iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in Beijing after finding the design too
closely resembles a Chinese phone.

The Beijing Intellectual Property Office said in a statement on its website that
it ordered Apple and a reseller of its products in Beijing, Beijing Zoomflight
Communication Equipment Co, to stop selling the two iPhone models after it found
they infringed upon the rights of a Shenzhen-based company.

A spokesman for the court said it had accepted Apple's appeal to review the
ruling, but it has not set a time for the hearing.

An Apple spokesman told AFP that the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, as well as
iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone SE models are "all available for sale today
in China".

"We appealed an administrative order from a regional patent tribunal in Beijing
last month, and as a result the order has been stayed pending review by the
Beijing IP Court," the Apple spokesman said.

The complaint against Apple was filed by Shenzhen Baili Marketing Service Co, a
small Chinese brand that designed a cellphone model called the 100C.

Despite a number of differences between the 100C and the iPhone 6, "the
differences are too tiny to be noticeable by average consumers, and thus it
should be deemed that there is no apparent difference between the two phone
models", according to a verdict by the Beijing patent tribunal.

The tribunal made its ruling in May, and it was reported by Chinese media
recently.

The IP dispute is the latest faced by Apple over the design of its products in
China, its second-largest market after the Americas.

The company lost a four-year fight against a Beijing leather products maker in
May after the Beijing Municipal High People's Court ruled in favor of Xintong
Tiandi Technology, which sells a number of leather products such as smartphone
cases and handbags under the name "iphone".

In 2012, Apple paid $60 million to a Shenzhen-based maker of computer screens
and LED lights to settle a dispute over the iPad trademark on the Chinese
mainland.

The company, Proview Technology, claimed that the Taipei subsidiary of its Hong
Kong-based parent registered the iPad trademark in a number of countries and
regions in 2000. Even though the iPad trademark was purchased by Apple from
Proview Taipei in 2009, Proview Shenzhen said it reserved the right to use the
trademark it registered on the Chinese mainland in 2001.

Cao Yin contributed to this story.

xuwei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily USA 06/20/2016 page5)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1496/87/146640669597.jpg

eca86bda350e18d182fe25.jpg

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1496


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              894 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                                 June 20, 2016

Apple's appeal in iPhone case accepted by IP court

BYLINE: Xu Wei

LENGTH: 425  words


The Beijing Intellectual Property Court has accepted an appeal by Apple to
review a ruling by the capital's patent office ordering the company to halt the
sales of its iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in Beijing after finding the design too
closely resembles a Chinese phone.

The Beijing Intellectual Property Office said in a statement on its website that
it ordered Apple and a reseller of its products in Beijing, Beijing Zoomflight
Communication Equipment Co, to stop selling the two iPhone models after it found
they infringed upon the rights of a Shenzhen-based company.

A spokesman for the court said it had accepted Apple's appeal to review the
ruling, but it has not set a time for the hearing.

An Apple spokesman told AFP that the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, as well as
iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone SE models are "all available for sale today
in China".

"We appealed an administrative order from a regional patent tribunal in Beijing
last month, and as a result the order has been stayed pending review by the
Beijing IP Court," the Apple spokesman said.

The complaint against Apple was filed by Shenzhen Baili Marketing Service Co, a
small Chinese brand that designed a cellphone model called the 100C.

Despite a number of differences between the 100C and the iPhone 6, "the
differences are too tiny to be noticeable by average consumers, and thus it
should be deemed that there is no apparent difference between the two phone
models", according to a verdict by the Beijing patent tribunal.

The tribunal made its ruling in May, and it was reported by Chinese media
recently.

The IP dispute is the latest faced by Apple over the design of its products in
China, its second-largest market after the Americas.

The company lost a four-year fight against a Beijing leather products maker in
May after the Beijing Municipal High People's Court ruled in favor of Xintong
Tiandi Technology, which sells a number of leather products such as smartphone
cases and handbags under the name "iphone".

In 2012, Apple paid $60 million to a Shenzhen-based maker of computer screens
and LED lights to settle a dispute over the iPad trademark on the Chinese
mainland.

The company, Proview Technology, claimed that the Taipei subsidiary of its Hong
Kong-based parent registered the iPad trademark in a number of countries and
regions in 2000. Even though the iPad trademark was purchased by Apple from
Proview Taipei in 2009, Proview Shenzhen said it reserved the right to use the
trademark it registered on the Chinese mainland in 2001.

Cao Yin contributed to this story.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              895 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                              June 20, 2016 Monday

Apple's appeal in iPhone case accepted by IP court

BYLINE: Xu Wei

LENGTH: 447  words


The Beijing Intellectual Property Court has accepted an appeal by Apple to
review a ruling by the capital's patent office ordering the company to halt the
sales of its iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in Beijing after finding the design too
closely resembles a Chinese phone.

The Beijing Intellectual Property Office said in a statement on its website that
it ordered Apple and a reseller of its products in Beijing, Beijing Zoomflight
Communication Equipment Co, to stop selling the two iPhone models after it found
they infringed upon the rights of a Shenzhen-based company.

A spokesman for the court said it had accepted Apple's appeal to review the
ruling, but it has not set a time for the hearing.

An Apple spokesman told AFP that the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, as well as
iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone SE models are "all available for sale today
in China".

"We appealed an administrative order from a regional patent tribunal in Beijing
last month, and as a result the order has been stayed pending review by the
Beijing IP Court," the Apple spokesman said.

The complaint against Apple was filed by Shenzhen Baili Marketing Service Co, a
small Chinese brand that designed a cellphone model called the 100C.

Despite a number of differences between the 100C and the iPhone 6, "the
differences are too tiny to be noticeable by average consumers, and thus it
should be deemed that there is no apparent difference between the two phone
models", according to a verdict by the Beijing patent tribunal.

The tribunal made its ruling in May, and it was reported by Chinese media
recently.

The IP dispute is the latest faced by Apple over the design of its products in
China, its second-largest market after the Americas.

The company lost a four-year fight against a Beijing leather products maker in
May after the Beijing Municipal High People's Court ruled in favor of Xintong
Tiandi Technology, which sells a number of leather products such as smartphone
cases and handbags under the name "iphone".

In 2012, Apple paid $60 million to a Shenzhen-based maker of computer screens
and LED lights to settle a dispute over the iPad trademark on the Chinese
mainland.

The company, Proview Technology, claimed that the Taipei subsidiary of its Hong
Kong-based parent registered the iPad trademark in a number of countries and
regions in 2000. Even though the iPad trademark was purchased by Apple from
Proview Taipei in 2009, Proview Shenzhen said it reserved the right to use the
trademark it registered on the Chinese mainland in 2001.

Cao Yin contributed to this story.

xuwei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/20/2016 page5)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/87/146639666072.jpg

eca86bda350e18d182fe25.jpg

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              896 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                   City A.M.

                           September 26, 2014 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

BEND IT LIKE AN APPLE iPHONE 6 PLUS...

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 75 words


Apple has leapt to the defence of its iPhone 6 Plus as social media was abuzz
with allegations that it bends easily. The company said that only nine people
had complained about a bent smartphone. It said that the iPhone 6 Plus passed
stress tests. "With normal use a bend in iPhone is extremely rare and through
our first six days of sale, nine customers have contacted Apple with a bent
iPhone 6 Plus," said spokesman Adam Howorth.

.

DASHBOARD: Page 24

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CAM


                            Copyright 2014 City A.M.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              897 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 24, 2014 Friday

6 tips on getting social with your new iPhone 6;
Be sure to update your current apps to run with iOS 8.;
SO SOCIAL

BYLINE: ByScott Kleinberg

SECTION: TECH EXTRA; Pg. SA3

LENGTH: 465 words


You finally have your hands on a shiny new iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus.

But if you are one of the lucky ones who will be changing their email signature
to reflect your purchase, you should be as ready as possible to share your
experience on social media. So here are 6 tips to get social on your shiny new
6.

1. More icons. Four more, to be exact. These taller iPhones get an additional
horizontal row, but you still only get 4 icons per row. It means faster access
to the social platforms you share the most, but remember that the icons you
choose to display on your iPhone say a lot about your personality. I'm still
figuring out how I'll organize my new larger screen (I went with the Plus.)

2. Bigger screens mean bigger experiences. So if you didn't love Pinter-est on a
4-inch iPhone, you might love it on a 4.7-or 5.5-inch. Some apps will look the
same or similar, but a new size gives app developers a chance to show off what
they can do. Some people are already calling the iPhone 6 Plus the mini iPad
mini, so think about how that experience could translate into your social media
use and enjoyment.

3. App developers have more freedom in iOS 8: The latest operating system comes
pre-installed on your new iPhone. This means the people who create apps can do
more with Apple's ecosystem. So while we won't know all the possibilities right
away, it means you might see greater sharing abilities to other social
platforms. Remember ages ago back in iOS 6 when Twitter and Facebook were baked
in for the first time? That's still there, but it only gets better from here.

And that brings me to a very important point:

4. Update your current apps: iOS updates mean updated apps. You might have your
iPhone set to do this automatically, but if you don't you need to check the
updates. Also remember that iOS 8 will work with some previous iPhones, so
update even if you aren't upgrading right now.

5. Search the social networking section of the App Store. I try to tell you
about all the new and cool platforms, but I'm constantly amazed by the things
that slip under the radar. Some of these end up being big players. WhatsApp is
my favorite example of this. I remember "discovering" it, and now Facebook has
paid billions to own it.

6. Be careful. People have always used their iPhones while out and about, but
you need to watch your surroundings. There are people out there who would rather
steal yours than wait in a long line. So while a new iPhone with new social
media choices is exciting, always use common sense before tweeting and sharing.

I can't wait to put my new iPhone through the paces, and I'm sure we'll find out
new things together.

What questions do you have about social media?Tweet them to @scottkleinberg with
hashtag #SoSocial.He might select yours foruse in a future column.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              898 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             July 2, 2015 Thursday

Apple Pay[TM] Now Available to Berkshire Bank Customers

LENGTH: 179  words

DATELINE: Pittsfield, MASS


Berkshire Bank, America's Most Exciting Bank®, has announced that its Debit
MasterCard® can now be used with Apple Pay[TM]. Apple Pay is a mobile payment
and digital wallet service that lets customers make in-store and in-app
purchases at participating retailers.


Apple Pay adds a new dimension to mobile payments. With Apple Pay, Berkshire
customers will be able to use their debit cards directly from their iPhone 6,
iPhone 6 Plus and Apple Watch to pay for purchases at many of their favorite
stores. To pay, customers just need to hold their iPhone 6 near the contactless
reader with their finger on Touch ID and the payment is made. When paying for
goods and services within apps, Apple Pay is compatible with iPhone 6, iPhone 6
Plus, iPad Air 2 and iPad mini 3.
Security and privacy is at the core of Apple Pay. Each transaction is authorized
with a one-time unique dynamic security code. Card numbers are not stored on the
device or Apple servers. Instead, a unique Device Account Number is assigned,
encrypted and securely stored in the Secure Element on your Apple device.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              899 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                     September 19, 2014 Friday 4:10 PM GMT

iPhone quiz: Reckon you're a gadget guru? Test your knowledge of all things
iPhone;
Have you been queuing up in the hope of getting your mitts on an iPhone 6 or
iPhone 6 Plus? Then try our tricky quiz while you wait in-line for your
freshly-picked Apple gadget

BYLINE: By Chris Glynn-Jones

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 98 words


What's better than a shiny new gadget - especially on a Friday?

Maybe you're still outside one of the many UK stores selling the latest Apple
mobile phones today and we've thrown together a deceptively tricky quiz that
will test your knowledge of all things iPhone, the most recent of which, the
iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus were launched on September 9.

iPhone - test your knowledge of Apple's iconic mobile phone with our quiz


Fans queue for the new Apple iPhone

Fans queue for the new Apple iPhone

Police catch burglar within 30 minutes thanks to iPhone appWalesOnline app plug

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              900 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

Is the iOS 8 update too big for your iPhone?

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; General

LENGTH: 325 words


Apple"s new-generation mobile software is now available for download, but many
users have hit a snag trying to install iOS 8 due to the size of the update.

iOS 8 requires at least 5.7GB of free space to be installed on most iPhone and
iPad models, according to the Global News. Previous iOS updates only needed
about 1GB of free space.

The free software will be pre-installed on iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus - which
New Zealand customers can pre-order starting from next Friday - but that doesn"t
help users with an older version of iPhone.

Many of those users took to Twitter to vent their frustration with updating to
the iOS 8 mobile operating system.

"just deleted about 1,000 pics so i can have enough storage for iOS8," Twitter
user @jords97 wrote.

Welp... I have no friends now.. Mostly because I deleted all my pictures, apps,
songs, and contacts. To make room for ios8.. &mdash; Zakry Hayden
(@ZakHaydenMusic)

>Full list of iOS 8 compatible devices:>

iPhones

? iPhone 4s

? iPhone 5

? iPhone 5s

? iPhone 5c

? iPhone 6

? iPhone 6 Plus

iPads

? iPad 2

? 3rd and 4th-generation iPad

? iPad Air

? iPad Mini

? iPad Mini with Retina display

iPod

? 5th generation iPod Touch

Deleting 400 messages, 900 songs, 1000 pictures, deleting my house, my life...
just to get &mdash; Nicole Solin (@NicoleSolin)

Read more:

? Smartwatch, iPhone 6 unveiled

? iPhone 5s vs iPhone 6: Should you buy Apple"s new phone?

what else does iOS8 want me to delete, my childhood memories???&mdash; S.
(@asandsaforever)

A tip for updating your iPhone/iPad/iPod software is to connect your device to a
computer and download then install iOS 8 via iTunes rather than directly onto
your device through Wi-Fi.

It also goes without saying that you back up your device before downloading the
new software, as there is always a chance your data could be lost if something
goes wrong mid-installation.

And be prepared to wait. some users have reported total install times taking
over an hour.

-With AFP, Daily Telegraph

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              901 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                           December 4, 2014 Thursday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Apple's first phablet has grabbed a 41% US market share

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 265 words


It has taken the iPhone 6 Plus little more than a month to firmly establish
itself as one of America's most popular phablets.

The latest data from Kantar Worldpanel ComTech, which covers smartphone sales
and consumer insights over the three months to the end of October, reveals that
despite only going on sale on September 19, the iPhone 6 Plus already accounts
for 41 percent of US phablet sales.

Phablets, which in terms of Kantar's data are classified as smartphones with a
display 5.5-inches or greater, have been widely expected to become mainstream
devices in 2014.

In the Asia Pacific region, the handsets already account for 25% of all new
smartphones where consumers are seeing the benefit of owning one larger mobile
device that offers the best features of both a smartphone and a small tablet.

The iPhone 6 Plus is Apple's first phablet and this year also saw Google go
bigger still with its first 5-inch plus handset, the Nexus 6, which sports a
huge, 5.9-inch display.

And while interest and demand are clearly growing, in the US at least, phablets
are still very much a niche.
Kantar Worldpanel ComTech's figures show that phablets currently make up just
10% of the total US smartphone market.

However, the company notes that just one year ago, the figure stood at 2%.

New iPhone 6 Plus owners who were questioned at the point of sale about why they
chose the handset indicated the handset's larger screen (58%) was the primary
driver.

When consumers who had plumped for the smaller iPhone 6 instead were asked the
same question, bigger screen size (60%) was also the most popular answer.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2014 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              902 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                           January 14, 2015 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

New accessories help prop up iPhone 6 Plus photo functionality

BYLINE: Ted Kritsonis, Calgary Herald

SECTION: CONTEXT; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 441 words


Apple's iPhone 6 Plus arguably has one of the best cameras of any smartphone on
the market, and its size and popularity have prompted third-party manufacturers
to offer ways to improve how it takes photos.

The phone's size makes this more challenging than in previous iPhone iterations,
which is why options remain limited. But what is available now includes some
useful accessories.

One of the most dependable is the Olloclip, with a 4-in-1 lens system that
slides on top of the 6 Plus. Two larger lenses - a wide-angle and fish eye - can
each be unscrewed to reveal 10x or 15x macro lenses (18mm and 12mm focal
lengths, respectively). The focal length of the macro lenses is such that you
can zoom in on an insect.

Being dual-sided, it's also possible to slide a lens over for the frontfacing
camera to shoot selfies. If you have a case on your 6 Plus, you will have to
remove it first. Olloclip includes wearable pendants, lanyard and key chain in
the box to make it easier to carry around.

Another camera attachment to consider is the Lensbaby LM-10, which attaches to
the phone using a stainless steel ring with an adhesive back. Known for its
concept of a "sweet spot" depth-of-field, Lensbaby's free app works in tandem
with the lens to sharpen focus in one set area and blur the rest. Tap the area
you want to focus on and

the app increasingly blurs the rest of the image to create the unique effect.
The app also includes settings for exposure, metering, filters and video.

If propping up the phone on a tripod is what you have in mind, consider the Joby
GripTight Mount XL - designed for larger phablet phones like the 6 Plus. It can
either screw into a standard tripod or Joby's own lineup of GorillaPod tripods
for different angling. You can use this tripod without having to remove the
case.

A tripod can be made even more versatile with a remote control, and the Muku
Shuttr Remote is one that will work with the 6 Plus. It's small and lightweight
enough to be

carried around on a key chain or in a pocket. It pairs via Bluetooth, acting as
the phone's shutter button from a short distance, though not all photography
apps may be compatible with it. Some popular ones like Camera+ and VSCO should
work.

Some other accessories coming in 2015 include the Prynt, a case that turns the
phone into a Polaroid camera, and the Kula Bebe, a lens attachment that turns
standard photos and video into 3-D. If you're looking for a separate flash and
light source to use for your imaging ideas, consider the Nova Phone Flash as one
that could be portable and versatile enough to do the job. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015
Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Composite By Ted Kritsonis, Whatsyourtech.Ca; The iPhone 6 Plus has one
of the best cameras of any smartphone available, and there are some unique
accessories to augment its abilities.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 Calgary Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              903 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

Christensen Young & Associates Sues Apple in Federal Court over Alleged iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Design Flaw

LENGTH: 139  words


(PRWeb) - On Wednesday, August 31, 2016, Christensen Young & Associates filed a
class action suit in Federal Court (Civil Action No. 2:16-cv-00916) against
Apple Computers, Inc., in relation to Apple`s iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. The
complaint alleges Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus have 2 touch IC chips which
were not properly secured to the logic board causing them to fail prematurely.

The complaint alleges that while there are temporary fixes, such as purchasing a
new IPhone 6, or installing a new logic board, the same result will ultimately
occur.

The complaint alleges that many users have come across these problems after the
warranty has lapsed, costing users hundreds of dollars to try to fix their
phones.

For more information on the suit contact Christensen Young & Associates, at
866-861-3333. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              904 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday
                               Australian Edition

Samsung's big Note shakes Apple's tree

BYLINE: Chris Griffith

SECTION: THENATION; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 271  words


SAMSUNG last night launched an updated Galaxy Note phone with a screen that's
larger than that of rival iPhone 6 Plus.

At an event at the Sydney Opera House, the Korean manufacturer launched two
versions of the new Note 4 - one with a flat screen and one with a screen that
folds at the right-hand edge.

The Note 4 features a large -5.7-inch 1440 x 2560 quad HD display with a
whopping 515 pixels per inch. The curved screen Note Edge has similar screen
quality.

Apple's iPhone 6 Plus screen resolution is 401 ppi and its display is 0.2 inches
shorter.

Samsung also launched another smartwatch, a curved- screen Gear S, which can
operate by pairing with a smartphone by Bluetooth or using its own nano-SIM
card.

A new headset, the Gear Circle, has a magnetic lock that clasps around the neck.
The piece de resistance may have been Samsung's Gear VR, a virtual reality
headset that lets a user experience the screen of the Note 4 immersively.

At $249, the Gear VR looms as a magnet for gamers and may help make the Note 4 a
success.

It is the child of a partnership between Samsung and US virtual reality company
Oculus VR, which Facebook bought for $2 billion in July.

Samsung said that, when combined with the Note 4, the Gear VR would access
optimised VR content from Oculus.

Users would enjoy dynamic 360-degree video, games, educational and -experiential
content.

Apple said it had sold more than 10 million iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus model
handset in just three days since Friday's launch."Sales for iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus exceeded our expectations for the launch weekend, and we couldn't be
happier," Apple chief Tim Cook said.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              905 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday
                              Australian2 Edition

Samsung's big Note shakes Apple's tree

BYLINE: Chris Griffith

SECTION: THENATION; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 271  words


SAMSUNG last night launched an updated Galaxy Note phone with a screen that's
larger than that of rival iPhone 6 Plus.

At an event at the Sydney Opera House, the Korean manufacturer launched two
versions of the new Note 4 - one with a flat screen and one with a screen that
folds at the right-hand edge.

The Note 4 features a large -5.7-inch 1440 x 2560 quad HD display with a
whopping 515 pixels per inch. The curved screen Note Edge has similar screen
quality.

Apple's iPhone 6 Plus screen resolution is 401 ppi and its display is 0.2 inches
shorter.

Samsung also launched another smartwatch, a curved- screen Gear S, which can
operate by pairing with a smartphone by Bluetooth or using its own nano-SIM
card.

A new headset, the Gear Circle, has a magnetic lock that clasps around the neck.
The piece de resistance may have been Samsung's Gear VR, a virtual reality
headset that lets a user experience the screen of the Note 4 immersively.

At $249, the Gear VR looms as a magnet for gamers and may help make the Note 4 a
success.

It is the child of a partnership between Samsung and US virtual reality company
Oculus VR, which Facebook bought for $2 billion in July.

Samsung said that, when combined with the Note 4, the Gear VR would access
optimised VR content from Oculus.

Users would enjoy dynamic 360-degree video, games, educational and -experiential
content.

Apple said it had sold more than 10 million iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus model
handset in just three days since Friday's launch."Sales for iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus exceeded our expectations for the launch weekend, and we couldn't be
happier," Apple chief Tim Cook said.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              906 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday
                              Australian3 Edition

Samsung's big Note shakes Apple's tree

BYLINE: Chris Griffith

SECTION: THENATION; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 271  words


SAMSUNG last night launched an updated Galaxy Note phone with a screen that's
larger than that of rival iPhone 6 Plus.

At an event at the Sydney Opera House, the Korean manufacturer launched two
versions of the new Note 4 - one with a flat screen and one with a screen that
folds at the right-hand edge.

The Note 4 features a large -5.7-inch 1440 x 2560 quad HD display with a
whopping 515 pixels per inch. The curved screen Note Edge has similar screen
quality.

Apple's iPhone 6 Plus screen resolution is 401 ppi and its display is 0.2 inches
shorter.

Samsung also launched another smartwatch, a curved- screen Gear S, which can
operate by pairing with a smartphone by Bluetooth or using its own nano-SIM
card.

A new headset, the Gear Circle, has a magnetic lock that clasps around the neck.
The piece de resistance may have been Samsung's Gear VR, a virtual reality
headset that lets a user experience the screen of the Note 4 immersively.

At $249, the Gear VR looms as a magnet for gamers and may help make the Note 4 a
success.

It is the child of a partnership between Samsung and US virtual reality company
Oculus VR, which Facebook bought for $2 billion in July.

Samsung said that, when combined with the Note 4, the Gear VR would access
optimised VR content from Oculus.

Users would enjoy dynamic 360-degree video, games, educational and -experiential
content.

Apple said it had sold more than 10 million iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus model
handset in just three days since Friday's launch."Sales for iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus exceeded our expectations for the launch weekend, and we couldn't be
happier," Apple chief Tim Cook said.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              907 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    Trak.in

                     October 7, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Revealed! iPhone 6S & 6+ Prices Range From Rs. 62,000 to Rs. 92,000 in India

BYLINE: Editorial Staff

LENGTH: 403  words


It's just amazing how iPhones are able to sell millions of units Worldwide at
the prices they come at - After death of Steve Jobs, many people had thought
that iPhone aura will diminish - but that's not happened. The sales of iPhone
are setting record after record, even though each and every iteration of iPhone
is getting increasingly expensive.

According to various media outlets, for the first time, Apple is planning a
blockbuster launch for it's newest iPhone 6S and 6 Plus in India. The launch
event is expected to happen on October 16th of this month.

But the prices of iPhone 6S and 6+ has already been revealed and the cheapest
iPhone 6S (16GB) will put you down by Rs. 62,000 - nearly $1000! On the other
end the most expensive unit will be iPhone 6 plus 128 GB that will have a price
tag of whopping Rs. 92,000 or close to $1450.

Here is the price list for all versions:

Even though the price of iPhone is so high, Apple expects better sale numbers in
India compared to all previous versions. In India, iPhone is just not a
smartphone - it is a device that is bought to be flaunted and has the highest
"richness" quotient!

While, most consumers know that Apple themselves make over $500 profit
(http://trak.in/tags/business/2015/10/01/apple-earning-513-iphone-6s-
plus-iphones-smash-sales-record/) on each of their phone, people still make a
beeline in front of Apple stores worldwide.

Growing India Importance

It is also for the first time that Apple is forging partnerships with Indian
telecom operators well in advance of launch date. Till now, iPhone plans
released by operators came out months later from the launch date.

Like always, Apple will be offering EMI Schemes, where consumers will need to
pay only a small upfront amount and rest can be paid in 12 or 24 month
installments. It is expected that iPhone plans will come with bundled data
offers or even unlimited data in case of some plans.

There is a reason why Apple no more looks at India as a dumping ground for
iPhones. For the first time in history, the growth of Apple products, especially
iPhones, has been more in India compared with China
(http://trak.in/tags/business/2015/07/23/apple-india-market-growth-overtakes-chi
na/). For the period between April to June, 2015, iPhones recorded a growth of
93% in India, which more than growth in Italy, Spain, the Netherlands, Turkey
and China.

So, what's your take? Will you buy iPhones at that price?

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2015 Trak.in, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              908 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                   City A.M.

                            October 1, 2015 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

iPhone 6s offers new ways to give the finger;
Should Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus prompt an upgrade?

BYLINE: Steve Dinneen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 826 words


Rating: hhhh£ Available from www.apple.com/uk I'm an "s" kind of a guy. You can
see it right there at the start of my name, all sexy and curvaceous. So I'm
always happy to see Apple's "s" iPhone updates, like they're made just for me
and the other 2.1m Steves in the world, Steve Jobs presumably included. And if
you look beyond the design overhaul that comes with Apple's numerical releases,
you'll see that a lot of the best iPhone features have been slipped into the
biannual "s" update. The iPhone 4s had Siri, the 5s had the Touch ID fingerprint
scanner. And the 6s has 3D Touch.

This new pressure sensitive screen gives you a whole new way of interacting with
your phone. Dig your skinny little digit into an icon and a new menu will pop
up: press on the camera and you get options to "take selfie" or "record video";
try the clock and options to "create alarm" and "start timer" will appear.

It's like Apple has reinvented the right click, which is ironic given it was the
one who deemed it surplus to requirements in the first place.

Apple's own apps are the best showcase: in Mail you can press on an email for a
preview and either release it to spring back to the original list or press
harder to respond. At each stage of your pressing you get little haptic jolts in
your fingertips, like you're massaging the heart of a mouse, to let you know
what's going on.

On the face of it, it's hardly reason to spend £539 (the cheapest contract-free
iPhone 6s), but after a little time this new feature becomes an integral part of
how you interact with your phone (a week later, I'm using it more rather than
less, which puts it ahead of Siri in the usefulness stakes). And it's only going
to get better as app developers work out how to integrate it.

Beyond 3D Touch, improvements are more subtle. In terms of appearance, the 6s is
virtually identical to the 6 (and the 6s Plus identical to the 6 Plus). Which is
fine, because the iPhone 6 is a perfectly decent looking phone. It feels soft
and silky in your hand.

It's not the most exciting handset to have ever rolled out of Cupertino - that
honour goes to the iPhone 4, that slinky black monolith sandwiched between two
sheets of cut glass - but we live in a world where the margins between high end
smartphones are increasingly thin, and the iPhone 6 is certainly among the best.
Oh, and it comes in a new shade of gold, rose gold, which isn't my cup of tea
but you might love it. Who knows who's reading this and what crazy colours
they're drawn to? Not me.

Apple was one of the first manufacturers to adopt the mantra: "faster, thinner,
lighter", something it has achieved in each of its previous iPhone releases
(although not all of its iPad ones). This time it settles for "faster, slightly
thicker, heavier, stronger", which is actually a pretty good compromise. Having
used the iPhone 6 Plus for the last year, I would never have guessed the new
version is a few fractions of a kitten's whisker thicker, although it does feel
heavier in your hand. The latest model is made from a new type of aluminium -
the same used in the Apple Watch - which is more robust and should put paid to
the (mostly spurious) #bendgate stories that dogged the early days of the 6
Plus. The glass is also more shatter resistant, although I've thankfully avoided
testing this.

It's certainly faster than its predecessor, with a new A9 chip and double the
RAM. In real world tests (as opposed to tests that only exist inside the damp
minds of Apple fanboys who work out website loading times in 100ths of a
second), you won't notice much improvement, but it does mean that if you're
planning on sticking with this handset for a couple of years you'll be well
futureproofed.

The same goes for the new 12mp camera: it's excellent, but so was the camera on
the iPhone 6 and unless you're comparing the two under a microscope, you'll
probably struggle to notice the difference.

One thing the 6s does bring to the table is Live Photo, which adds 1.5 seconds
of video before and after the actual photo (accessed by 3D Touching your
picture). On the promotional material it looks great, with family photos brought
to life by cute little snippets of video. In my tests it tended to capture clips
of me with one eye closed before I point the camera up at the sky. Battery life
meanwhile is much of a muchness with the previous generation.

Apple's tagline for this phone is "The only thing that's changed is everything".
And while this is marginally true if you count all the little changes under the
hood, in reality it's a steady if not blockbuster upgrade.

If you're already rocking an iPhone 6, this would be a very welcome but largely
unnecessary luxury. If you bought a Samsung Galaxy 6S in April, you're not going
to be wailing in despair. But if you ask me what's the best phone you can buy
right now, I'd tell you it's this one.

3D Touch gives you little haptic jolts in your finger tips, like you're
massaging the heart of a mouse

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CAM


                            Copyright 2015 City A.M.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              909 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                          November 26, 2014 Wednesday

KFH names 6 winners of IPhone 6 Plus

LENGTH: 169  words

DATELINE: Kuwait City


Kuwait Finance House (KFH) has announced 6 winners of iPhone 6 plus in the first
draw of new promotional campaign for banking cards clients to encourage them use
KFH credit and pre-paid banking cards and ATM cards while making purchases. The
campaign themed "Win iPhone 6 Plus daily for 80 days" enhances the added value
of the cards, serves the market movement where it facilitates purchases, and
boosts sales. It also includes daily prizes when using KFH credit and prepaid
banking cards in making purchases in Kuwait and overseas. The winners are: Faleh
Al-Mutairi, Habib Alharbi, Abdullah Alsenin, Fekriya Habib,Sulaiman Aljasem and
Mohammad Othman. The campaign that lasts until January 22nd  2015, allows KFH
banking card holders one chance to enter a draw to win daily prizes (iPhone 6
Plus) for every KD 10 purchase made in Kuwait and overseas using the banking
cards, while only purchases made by ATM cards overseas can be valid for the
draw. Chances of winning increase when the value of purchases increases.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              910 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           January 8, 2015, Thursday

Teens have mixed opinions on iPhone 6

BYLINE: Liam Thistlethwaite, John Adams Middle School

SECTION: FLIPSIDE; Pg. P8E

LENGTH: 402 words


By now, you have heard about it and probably seen it, too. The new iPhone 6 has
been very popular, and it is currently the top cellphone on the market. Apple
has changed the design to deliver a much larger, yet thinner phone that can
compete with the latest Android devices.

So what do teens think about the iPhone 6?

Clayton Holley, a seventh grader at John Adams Middle School, is not impressed
with the iPhone 6. In fact, he isn't a fan of Apple products at all.

"I don't like iPhones, he said. "They are taking over people's minds. [People]
just sit there all day and text. I personally have a flip phone because I don't
need something that fancy.

Other teens share the opinion that this latest phone may not live up to the
hype. Fellow John Adams seventh grader Jared Jones said he does not dislike
iPhones in general, but he does not see the benefit of the iPhone 6.

"The iPhone 6 isn't much better than the iPhone 5. It just has a bigger display,
he said.

At first, the iPhone 6 had a pretty good appearance. It sold thousands on the
day of its release, and many people were on wait-lists to obtain one.

Shortly after, though, a YouTube video of a man easily bending the iPhone 6 Plus
went viral. Quickly, the rumor of the phone's incredible flexibility spread from
person to person.

Although Apple said there were very few reported cases, that didn't seem to stop
speculation. Later, the phone was proven to only bend under strong force when
pressed near the volume button. Also, according to multiple reports, with a good
sturdy case, the iPhone 6 Plus has almost no chance of bending in your pocket.

Even with size problems, one teen who owns the iPhone 6 enjoys it. Katie
Hageboeck, a George Washington High School senior, has a positive opinion about
Apple's latest effort and thinks it was a worthwhile purchase.

"I love the iPhone 6, she said. "I find it very useful for everyday tasks with
the new apps. Even though the phone is larger and does not fit in my pocket, I
think the screen is easier to type on. I think the iPhone 6 is a great phone,
and I would recommend it.

The iPhone 6 was marketed with several new features. These features include a
larger screen, thinner body, better computer chip, and, of course, a better
camera. Many have said that these features add up to create a new iPhone that is
an improvement over the others.

But while the iPhone 6 is very popular, it's not a hit with everyone.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers


                              911 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Phnom Penh Post (Cambodia)

                          September 16, 2015 Wednesday

Not waiting on Apple

BYLINE: Cheng Sokhorng

LENGTH: 643  words


Cambodian consumers are queuing up to get their hands on the latest models of
the iPhone, with some local grey-market retailers promising to stock the highly
anticipated handsets months ahead of their expected official launch in the
Kingdom.

Apple Inc will launch its new iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus handsets in 12
international markets on September 25.

No official date has been given for their release in the Cambodian market, but
retailers looking back to the sales frenzy surrounding the iPhone 6's debut last
year say they are tapping their international networks to cash in on the
lucrative trade in flipped smartphones.

Chhim Sang Heng, the owner of Hak Se phone shop in Phnom Penh, says he plans to
begin selling phones in his shop within hours of their international release.

I have many customers who have already pre-ordered the 6S even though they don't
know the price yet, he said. My friends will wait in line at the Apple store
[overseas] to buy it and bring the iPhone to me in the evening.

Heng said that during previous iPhone model releases, stock ran out on the
launch date before many of the customers queuing at Apple stores overseas could
purchase the handsets, despite Apple imposing a two-phone limit per customer.

Nonetheless, he plans to obtain and sell 50 to 60 phones on the first day of the
launch, making them available in his store on the same evening.

Last year, Heng said he sold the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus for about $2,300 and
$2,700, respectively.

My customers who are willing to buy the high-priced iPhone understand how hard
and difficult it is to wait in line for the iPhone, he said.

According to the Apple website, the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus feature 3D touch, a
12-megapixel iSight camera, an updated smart chip, and a new rose gold colour
option.

Employees at Vathanak phone shop in Phnom Penh predict that the new version of
the iPhone will sell for $1,250 in the Cambodian grey market, compared to $649
and $749, the official retail prices for the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus respectively
in the US.

They expect the street price will drop within days of the launch - but many
customers are prepared to pay a premium to have the new model on the first day.

My customers want me to call them when the iPhone 6S arrives, and they are going
to buy from me, Lun Maneth, manager at Vathanak phone shop said. My customers
like to buy the iPhone from my phone shop because it is the same quality as, but
cheaper than, phones sold at the iOne centre or Smart.

Maneth buys the handsets from wholesalers, or has his friends or relatives buy
them from Apple stores in the US.

Ly Kim Hong, a small business owner from Takeo province, said that her entire
family uses iPhones and she is planning to upgrade to the new model.

I like to use iPhone because it doesn't have bugs like other phones she said. I
am a fan of iPhone and I will buy the new version once it's released.

But authorised retailers are urging customers to wait for the official Cambodian
release.

Kao Damaityma, marketing manager of iOne, one of two licensed retailers in the
Kingdom, warned that iPhones purchased on the grey market are more costly and
come without a warranty.

Customers should not buy iPhones from local phone shops, it is too risky, she
said.

They can save more money [if they buy directly from iOne], because the cost at
local shops is much higher than the cost of our authorised stock, which comes
with a licensed warranty.

She said that customers who purchased iPhones from local phone shops in the past
contacted iOne about problems with their phones, such as altered accessories,
fake serial numbers, or that the handset was previously used or its box had been
opened.

Smart, the other authorised seller of iPhones in Cambodia, declined to comment
yesterday. The telecom firm sold out of the iPhone 6 on its first day of
official release in the Kingdom last November.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 The Phnom Penh Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              912 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Smart Photography

                                November 1, 2016

Preview: The Siblings are Back - Apple iPhone 7 Plus

BYLINE: Sujith Gopinath

LENGTH: 683  words


Apple has launched its latest twins, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, which, Apple
claims, are the best iPhones ever produced and we have no reason to believe
otherwise. We have had the iPhone 7 Plus with us for a few days and this is
quite short a period for a full-fledged review. Well, here is a sneakpeak into
the goodies. Do wait for our full featured review in the our upcoming issue.



Apple has introduced two new finishes for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus-Jet Black and
Matte Black. The Jet Black version has a glossy finish, while the Matte Black
has, as the name indicates, a matte finish. The 7 Plus has an aluminium unibody
design that is splash and water resistant (not waterproof, though) with an IP 67
rating, a first in an iPhone. Being a little over-sized for an average-sized
hand, the phone has the tendency to slip. Both the 7 and the 7 Plus feature a
redesigned advanced solid-state Home button that is pressure-sensitive. A new
Taptic engine provides tactile feedback, letting you experience a real sense of
touch. The Home button embeds an advanced fingerprint sensor that lets you
quickly unlock the phone.

The most striking feature of the 7 Plus, though, is the camera. The iPhone 7
Plus uses a dual camera system on the lines of many new smartphones in the
market. However, the difference is that these two cameras operate in tandem,
producing a 12-megapixel image. One of the cameras sports a wide-angle lens
(28mm equivalent) f/1.8 and the other a telephoto (56mm equivalent) f/2.8. The
camera interface provides you with the choice of 1x or 2x optical zoom. This is
achieved by switching between the two cameras. The end result is a zoomed-in
image that retains the same quality as that of the zoomed-out version. The
lenses are equipped with optical image stabilisation and feature a 6-element
design. The camera unit features a true tone flash. The front camera is a 7
megapixel model. Speaking about the camera interface, the iPhone's native camera
interface provides options such as Time-Lapse, Slow motion, Video, Photo, Square
and Panorama, without any manual control. Apple is getting ready with a Portrait
mode with depth-of-field (bokeh) effect (now in Beta), which promises to provide
a better experience with these cameras-another reason to look forward to our
full-feature review. The App Store now has third party apps for professional
camera features, thanks to Apple opening up to third party developers. Trust us
to bring you the real capabilities of the camera while we put it through its
paces. The first impressions are certainly positive with the camera churning out
sharp images with lots of detail and colour.

The 7 Plus uses a 5.5-inch Retina HD display, which, according to Apple, is the
brightest and most colourful iPhone display yet with wider gamut and 25 percent
more brightness. The display has a native resolution of 401ppi. The iPhone 7
Plus' power centre is the A10 Fusion Chip that makes the device twice as fast as
the iPhone 6 and provides longer battery life. This is achieved by employing two
high-performance cores and two high-efficiency cores. The 7 Plus has 3GB RAM and
is available in three variants with 32GB, 128GB and 256GB internal memory.

These iPhones have a stereo speaker system with twice the audio output of iPhone
6s. The speakers reside on the top and bottom portions of the device, providing
true stereo experience. As you must have already heard, Apple has done away with
the 3.5mm audio jack. But the device is shipped with an EarPod having a
Lightning connector. Apple has also included a 3.5mm headphone jack adapter to
plug into the Lightning port. I see this as a positive development since it
prevents you from listening to music while the device is charging, negating any
chance of overheating. As it is, we have not yet experienced any overheating
with the phone.

The iPhone 7 Plus is powered by a 3000mAh battery. The device measures 158.2 x
77.9 x 7.3mm and weighs 188g. The 32GB model retails at an MRP of Rs.72,000
while the 128GB version carries a price tag of Rs.82,000. The 256GB top-end
variant is priced at Rs.92,000.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


         Copyright 2016 Next Gen Publishing, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              913 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

After all the rumors, the big question: Has iPhone scored?

BYLINE: Liu Zheng in San Francisco

LENGTH: 850  words


After listening to months of rumors, finally the climax: a mega product launch
event which once again caught the media spotlight for Apple Inc in September.

Apple CEO Tim Cook shows an iPhone 7 to performer Maddie Ziegler during an event
to announce new products on Wednesday in San Francisco. [Photo provided to China
Daily]

Mega product launch, guaranteed media spotlight, but Apple's magic under
scrutiny

After listening to months of rumors, finally the climax: a mega product launch
event which once again caught the media spotlight for Apple Inc in September.

Moving on from initially being cheered up without a second's thought about the
new features of the latest generation of iPhones, which are equipped with dual
rear cameras and dust and water resistance features, a series of questions
popped up: does the design look familiar? Is Apple just following the trends
being set by the Huawei P9 and Samsung S7, rather than being innovative as it is
used to be?

I found the answer during my chats with online subscribers, who stayed up too
late to follow Apple's new business move on a live-streaming platform.

Some of them are independent IT critics who specialize in smartphone
photography. Some, who asked to be anonymous, said that the technologies and
algorithms behind the iPhone 7 Plus and Huawei P9 are different as the latter
provides a dual camera with one capturing monochrome and the other providing
color photos.

The dual camera system of the iPhone 7 Plus allows the two cameras to shoot as
one, for a high resolution optical zoom at two times.

"The new iPhone carries out the design theory of Apple, which is being simple,
fashion and user friendly," said James Yan, research director at Counterpoint
Technology Market Research.

Yan said there was no big surprises for the new iPhones, as the rumors prior to
the launch seemed to have disclosed most of the details. But he believes that
the products "will do well" in the first five months in China, and afterward,
the market performance will rely on whether its domestic competitors follow its
footsteps and launch products with similar technologies.

Meanwhile, the most regrettable thing for me this year is Augmented Reality
(AR).

As AR hardware manufacturing and investment has witnessed rapid growth from last
year in China[#xff0d]and Pokemon Go, the location-based AR game, became a global
hit[#xff0d]the market had been expecting to see Apple spread its wings.

Rumors linked to Apple's future VR strategy appeared online and drew the
industry's attention as CEO Tim Cook commented on the technology publicly, which
was interpreted as a sign Apple was about to extend into the AR sector.

But the "One More Thing" part of the event, described as the company's
traditional disclosure of a trend or innovative ideas that will be implemented
in its products, was not shown in the end.

People tend to think that Apple won't disclose any details until it's fully
ready to do so.

Sound bites

"Generally speaking, I am kind of disappointed with the iPhone 7 series. The new
series is not as innovative as I thought previously. Before the event, I really
look forward to the news that Apple may ditch the home button. But now Apple is
still keeping it. And since my iPhone 6s can meet my need for taking selfies, I
won't buy the new iPhone 7 or 7 plus. I would only buy one if I made a fortune."

Liu Yujing, 20, junior at North China University of Technology

"I have used the iPhone for around 7 years. Compared to other mobile phones,
iPhone is the best. So I always want to try Apple's new products. Seeing the
event, I really want to buy an iPhone 7 plus. Now I have a 64GB iPhone 6, and I
always need to delete stuff for new photos of my kid or news conferences. So I
really need a new one with enough space. And since the iPhone 7 plus packs dual
cameras, I will choose that instead of the iPhone 7."

Gao Suying, 39, chief editor at Bei-jing-based China Business Journal

"Compared with last year's iPhone 6s, I feel the new iPhone 7 series does not
bring any big change. Of course, there are some bright spots, such as the
waterproof feature and the final launch of the Super Mario Run for iPhone. For
me, the best part of the new series is the A-10 processor. Due to my Sony Xperia
Z3's small internal storage, I might consider buying an iPhone 6 plus or iPhone
6s. As you know, there definitely will be a price reduction on them."

Zhen Xiang, 26, staff member at Yiai Lake Park Administration in Huanggang,
Hubei province

"In design, the iPhone 7 series has not done enough on the innovation front. The
worst thing is the removal of the 3.55mm headphone jack, which will cause
inconvenience for users. Now users need to buy an extra convert-er for
headphones. What's more, consumers have to pay more money for more storage
space. So I certain-ly would not buy a new iPhone, Actually I have more fondness
for my own Huawei Honor 6 plus, which came out with dual cameras two years ago.
And the price is much better."

Zhu Yi, project manager at Research & Development Center (Jiaxing, Zhejiang
province) at Minth Group Ltd, a leading supplier of exterior auto parts

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              914 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                               September 9, 2016

After all the rumors, the big question: Has iPhone scored?

BYLINE: Liu Zheng in San Francisco

LENGTH: 850  words


After listening to months of rumors, finally the climax: a mega product launch
event which once again caught the media spotlight for Apple Inc in September.

Apple CEO Tim Cook shows an iPhone 7 to performer Maddie Ziegler during an event
to announce new products on Wednesday in San Francisco. [Photo provided to China
Daily]

Mega product launch, guaranteed media spotlight, but Apple's magic under
scrutiny

After listening to months of rumors, finally the climax: a mega product launch
event which once again caught the media spotlight for Apple Inc in September.

Moving on from initially being cheered up without a second's thought about the
new features of the latest generation of iPhones, which are equipped with dual
rear cameras and dust and water resistance features, a series of questions
popped up: does the design look familiar? Is Apple just following the trends
being set by the Huawei P9 and Samsung S7, rather than being innovative as it is
used to be?

I found the answer during my chats with online subscribers, who stayed up too
late to follow Apple's new business move on a live-streaming platform.

Some of them are independent IT critics who specialize in smartphone
photography. Some, who asked to be anonymous, said that the technologies and
algorithms behind the iPhone 7 Plus and Huawei P9 are different as the latter
provides a dual camera with one capturing monochrome and the other providing
color photos.

The dual camera system of the iPhone 7 Plus allows the two cameras to shoot as
one, for a high resolution optical zoom at two times.

"The new iPhone carries out the design theory of Apple, which is being simple,
fashion and user friendly," said James Yan, research director at Counterpoint
Technology Market Research.

Yan said there was no big surprises for the new iPhones, as the rumors prior to
the launch seemed to have disclosed most of the details. But he believes that
the products "will do well" in the first five months in China, and afterward,
the market performance will rely on whether its domestic competitors follow its
footsteps and launch products with similar technologies.

Meanwhile, the most regrettable thing for me this year is Augmented Reality
(AR).

As AR hardware manufacturing and investment has witnessed rapid growth from last
year in China[#xff0d]and Pokemon Go, the location-based AR game, became a global
hit[#xff0d]the market had been expecting to see Apple spread its wings.

Rumors linked to Apple's future VR strategy appeared online and drew the
industry's attention as CEO Tim Cook commented on the technology publicly, which
was interpreted as a sign Apple was about to extend into the AR sector.

But the "One More Thing" part of the event, described as the company's
traditional disclosure of a trend or innovative ideas that will be implemented
in its products, was not shown in the end.

People tend to think that Apple won't disclose any details until it's fully
ready to do so.

Sound bites

"Generally speaking, I am kind of disappointed with the iPhone 7 series. The new
series is not as innovative as I thought previously. Before the event, I really
look forward to the news that Apple may ditch the home button. But now Apple is
still keeping it. And since my iPhone 6s can meet my need for taking selfies, I
won't buy the new iPhone 7 or 7 plus. I would only buy one if I made a fortune."

Liu Yujing, 20, junior at North China University of Technology

"I have used the iPhone for around 7 years. Compared to other mobile phones,
iPhone is the best. So I always want to try Apple's new products. Seeing the
event, I really want to buy an iPhone 7 plus. Now I have a 64GB iPhone 6, and I
always need to delete stuff for new photos of my kid or news conferences. So I
really need a new one with enough space. And since the iPhone 7 plus packs dual
cameras, I will choose that instead of the iPhone 7."

Gao Suying, 39, chief editor at Bei-jing-based China Business Journal

"Compared with last year's iPhone 6s, I feel the new iPhone 7 series does not
bring any big change. Of course, there are some bright spots, such as the
waterproof feature and the final launch of the Super Mario Run for iPhone. For
me, the best part of the new series is the A-10 processor. Due to my Sony Xperia
Z3's small internal storage, I might consider buying an iPhone 6 plus or iPhone
6s. As you know, there definitely will be a price reduction on them."

Zhen Xiang, 26, staff member at Yiai Lake Park Administration in Huanggang,
Hubei province

"In design, the iPhone 7 series has not done enough on the innovation front. The
worst thing is the removal of the 3.55mm headphone jack, which will cause
inconvenience for users. Now users need to buy an extra convert-er for
headphones. What's more, consumers have to pay more money for more storage
space. So I certain-ly would not buy a new iPhone, Actually I have more fondness
for my own Huawei Honor 6 plus, which came out with dual cameras two years ago.
And the price is much better."

Zhu Yi, project manager at Research & Development Center (Jiaxing, Zhejiang
province) at Minth Group Ltd, a leading supplier of exterior auto parts

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              915 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                               September 9, 2016

After all the rumors, the big question: Has iPhone scored?

BYLINE: Liu Zheng in San Francisco

LENGTH: 850  words


After listening to months of rumors, finally the climax: a mega product launch
event which once again caught the media spotlight for Apple Inc in September.

Apple CEO Tim Cook shows an iPhone 7 to performer Maddie Ziegler during an event
to announce new products on Wednesday in San Francisco. [Photo provided to China
Daily]

Mega product launch, guaranteed media spotlight, but Apple's magic under
scrutiny

After listening to months of rumors, finally the climax: a mega product launch
event which once again caught the media spotlight for Apple Inc in September.

Moving on from initially being cheered up without a second's thought about the
new features of the latest generation of iPhones, which are equipped with dual
rear cameras and dust and water resistance features, a series of questions
popped up: does the design look familiar? Is Apple just following the trends
being set by the Huawei P9 and Samsung S7, rather than being innovative as it is
used to be?

I found the answer during my chats with online subscribers, who stayed up too
late to follow Apple's new business move on a live-streaming platform.

Some of them are independent IT critics who specialize in smartphone
photography. Some, who asked to be anonymous, said that the technologies and
algorithms behind the iPhone 7 Plus and Huawei P9 are different as the latter
provides a dual camera with one capturing monochrome and the other providing
color photos.

The dual camera system of the iPhone 7 Plus allows the two cameras to shoot as
one, for a high resolution optical zoom at two times.

"The new iPhone carries out the design theory of Apple, which is being simple,
fashion and user friendly," said James Yan, research director at Counterpoint
Technology Market Research.

Yan said there was no big surprises for the new iPhones, as the rumors prior to
the launch seemed to have disclosed most of the details. But he believes that
the products "will do well" in the first five months in China, and afterward,
the market performance will rely on whether its domestic competitors follow its
footsteps and launch products with similar technologies.

Meanwhile, the most regrettable thing for me this year is Augmented Reality
(AR).

As AR hardware manufacturing and investment has witnessed rapid growth from last
year in China[#xff0d]and Pokemon Go, the location-based AR game, became a global
hit[#xff0d]the market had been expecting to see Apple spread its wings.

Rumors linked to Apple's future VR strategy appeared online and drew the
industry's attention as CEO Tim Cook commented on the technology publicly, which
was interpreted as a sign Apple was about to extend into the AR sector.

But the "One More Thing" part of the event, described as the company's
traditional disclosure of a trend or innovative ideas that will be implemented
in its products, was not shown in the end.

People tend to think that Apple won't disclose any details until it's fully
ready to do so.

Sound bites

"Generally speaking, I am kind of disappointed with the iPhone 7 series. The new
series is not as innovative as I thought previously. Before the event, I really
look forward to the news that Apple may ditch the home button. But now Apple is
still keeping it. And since my iPhone 6s can meet my need for taking selfies, I
won't buy the new iPhone 7 or 7 plus. I would only buy one if I made a fortune."

Liu Yujing, 20, junior at North China University of Technology

"I have used the iPhone for around 7 years. Compared to other mobile phones,
iPhone is the best. So I always want to try Apple's new products. Seeing the
event, I really want to buy an iPhone 7 plus. Now I have a 64GB iPhone 6, and I
always need to delete stuff for new photos of my kid or news conferences. So I
really need a new one with enough space. And since the iPhone 7 plus packs dual
cameras, I will choose that instead of the iPhone 7."

Gao Suying, 39, chief editor at Bei-jing-based China Business Journal

"Compared with last year's iPhone 6s, I feel the new iPhone 7 series does not
bring any big change. Of course, there are some bright spots, such as the
waterproof feature and the final launch of the Super Mario Run for iPhone. For
me, the best part of the new series is the A-10 processor. Due to my Sony Xperia
Z3's small internal storage, I might consider buying an iPhone 6 plus or iPhone
6s. As you know, there definitely will be a price reduction on them."

Zhen Xiang, 26, staff member at Yiai Lake Park Administration in Huanggang,
Hubei province

"In design, the iPhone 7 series has not done enough on the innovation front. The
worst thing is the removal of the 3.55mm headphone jack, which will cause
inconvenience for users. Now users need to buy an extra convert-er for
headphones. What's more, consumers have to pay more money for more storage
space. So I certain-ly would not buy a new iPhone, Actually I have more fondness
for my own Huawei Honor 6 plus, which came out with dual cameras two years ago.
And the price is much better."

Zhu Yi, project manager at Research & Development Center (Jiaxing, Zhejiang
province) at Minth Group Ltd, a leading supplier of exterior auto parts

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              916 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

After all the rumors, the big question: Has iPhone scored?

BYLINE: Liu Zheng in San Francisco

LENGTH: 863  words


After listening to months of rumors, finally the climax: a mega product launch
event which once again caught the media spotlight for Apple Inc in September.

Apple CEO Tim Cook shows an iPhone 7 to performer Maddie Ziegler during an event
to announce new products on Wednesday in San Francisco. [Photo provided to China
Daily]

Mega product launch, guaranteed media spotlight, but Apple's magic under
scrutiny

After listening to months of rumors, finally the climax: a mega product launch
event which once again caught the media spotlight for Apple Inc in September.

Moving on from initially being cheered up without a second's thought about the
new features of the latest generation of iPhones, which are equipped with dual
rear cameras and dust and water resistance features, a series of questions
popped up: does the design look familiar? Is Apple just following the trends
being set by the Huawei P9 and Samsung S7, rather than being innovative as it is
used to be?

I found the answer during my chats with online subscribers, who stayed up too
late to follow Apple's new business move on a live-streaming platform.

Some of them are independent IT critics who specialize in smartphone
photography. Some, who asked to be anonymous, said that the technologies and
algorithms behind the iPhone 7 Plus and Huawei P9 are different as the latter
provides a dual camera with one capturing monochrome and the other providing
color photos.

The dual camera system of the iPhone 7 Plus allows the two cameras to shoot as
one, for a high resolution optical zoom at two times.

"The new iPhone carries out the design theory of Apple, which is being simple,
fashion and user friendly," said James Yan, research director at Counterpoint
Technology Market Research.

Yan said there was no big surprises for the new iPhones, as the rumors prior to
the launch seemed to have disclosed most of the details. But he believes that
the products "will do well" in the first five months in China, and afterward,
the market performance will rely on whether its domestic competitors follow its
footsteps and launch products with similar technologies.

Meanwhile, the most regrettable thing for me this year is Augmented Reality
(AR).

As AR hardware manufacturing and investment has witnessed rapid growth from last
year in China[#xff0d]and Pokemon Go, the location-based AR game, became a global
hit[#xff0d]the market had been expecting to see Apple spread its wings.

Rumors linked to Apple's future VR strategy appeared online and drew the
industry's attention as CEO Tim Cook commented on the technology publicly, which
was interpreted as a sign Apple was about to extend into the AR sector.

But the "One More Thing" part of the event, described as the company's
traditional disclosure of a trend or innovative ideas that will be implemented
in its products, was not shown in the end.

People tend to think that Apple won't disclose any details until it's fully
ready to do so.

Sound bites

"Generally speaking, I am kind of disappointed with the iPhone 7 series. The new
series is not as innovative as I thought previously. Before the event, I really
look forward to the news that Apple may ditch the home button. But now Apple is
still keeping it. And since my iPhone 6s can meet my need for taking selfies, I
won't buy the new iPhone 7 or 7 plus. I would only buy one if I made a fortune."

Liu Yujing, 20, junior at North China University of Technology

"I have used the iPhone for around 7 years. Compared to other mobile phones,
iPhone is the best. So I always want to try Apple's new products. Seeing the
event, I really want to buy an iPhone 7 plus. Now I have a 64GB iPhone 6, and I
always need to delete stuff for new photos of my kid or news conferences. So I
really need a new one with enough space. And since the iPhone 7 plus packs dual
cameras, I will choose that instead of the iPhone 7."

Gao Suying, 39, chief editor at Bei-jing-based China Business Journal

"Compared with last year's iPhone 6s, I feel the new iPhone 7 series does not
bring any big change. Of course, there are some bright spots, such as the
waterproof feature and the final launch of the Super Mario Run for iPhone. For
me, the best part of the new series is the A-10 processor. Due to my Sony Xperia
Z3's small internal storage, I might consider buying an iPhone 6 plus or iPhone
6s. As you know, there definitely will be a price reduction on them."

Zhen Xiang, 26, staff member at Yiai Lake Park Administration in Huanggang,
Hubei province

"In design, the iPhone 7 series has not done enough on the innovation front. The
worst thing is the removal of the 3.55mm headphone jack, which will cause
inconvenience for users. Now users need to buy an extra convert-er for
headphones. What's more, consumers have to pay more money for more storage
space. So I certain-ly would not buy a new iPhone, Actually I have more fondness
for my own Huawei Honor 6 plus, which came out with dual cameras two years ago.
And the price is much better."

Zhu Yi, project manager at Research & Development Center (Jiaxing, Zhejiang
province) at Minth Group Ltd, a leading supplier of exterior auto parts

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/53/147341286919.jpg

b083fe955aa1193c3cd509.jpg

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              917 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            February 9, 2015 Monday

India consul general Ashok to speak in Hayward

BYLINE: rparr

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 488 words


Apple has long gobbled up an outsized share of the smartphone industrycs
profits. But in the fourth quarter, the iPhone makercs slice of the profit pie
reached comically largely proportions.

In the holiday period, Apple made about $19.4 billion in pre-tax profits from
selling its lineup of iPhones, estimated Michael Walkley, a financial analyst
who covers Apple for Canaccord Genuity, in a report issued Sunday. That
represented about 93 percent of the total operating profits generated by the
entire industry, which was an all-time high for Apple, Walkley wrote.

cWe believe Applecs iPhone 6/6 Plus smartphones dominated December smartphone
sales at unprecedented levels,c Walkley wrote in his report.

In the fourth quarter a year earlier, Apple soaked up 75 percent of smartphone
industry profits, according to Walkley. For all of 2014, profits from iPhone
sales accounted for 79 percent of profits.

Apple reported record earnings last month on huge iPhone sales growth . The
company sold 74.5 million iPhones in the quarter, which was up 46 percent from
the same period a year earlier.

According to Walkleycs report, Apple was one of only two companies whose slice
of the smartphone profit pie was larger than 1 percent. Samsung, which gleaned
about $1.8 billion in profits from selling its lineup of Galaxy phones,
accounted for 9 percent of total industry profits. That was Samsungcs smallest
portion of industry profits since 2008, Walkley wrote.

The six other companies mentioned in Walkleycs report either posted profits that
were so small that they essentiallychad a 0 percent share of the pie, or they
lost money on their smartphone sales, meaning that their share was actually
negative. Microsoft was the worst in that regard; according to Walkleycs
analysis, the software giant lost about $414 million on its smartphone sales in
the fourth quarter, giving it a -2 percent share of industry profits.

cOther leading (smartphone manufacturers)ccontinue to struggle,c he wrote.

Applecs expanding portion of the smartphone industrycs profits has come despite
the fact that its share of total smartphones sold actually was flat last year,
according to Walkleycs estimate. Apple sold 192.7 million iPhones in 2014, which
accounted for 15.5 percent of the total smartphones sold. Thatcs the same share
Apple had in 2013, when it sold 153.5 million, according to Walkley.

Other estimates have indicated that Applecs share of smartphone device sales
actually fell last year.

Walkley forecast that Applecs strong iPhone sales will continue this year, as
existing iPhone owners upgrade their phones to the new models and the new
big-screened iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models lure away Android users.

cWe believe these trends should grow Applecs iPhone installed base and bodes
well for future strong iPhone replacement sales, earnings, and cash flow
generation,c he wrote.

Photo of Applecs iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models courtesy of the company.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              918 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday

Apple sells 13 million iPhones in first weekend on market

BYLINE: Ciara O'Brien

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 190 words


Irish Apple fans hoping to get their hands on the new iPhone will be able to do
so next week.

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, which went on sale on September 25th in 12 countries
including the US, UK, China and Australia, will be launched in 40 more markets
on October 9th. Ireland, Mexico, Russia and Spain are among the second tranche
to get the phone, with Apple intending to make the handsets available in more
than 130 countries by the end of the year.

The phone will cost from EUR 759 for the iPhone 6S and EUR 869 for the iPhone 6S
Plus, with 216GB, 64GB and 128GB models available. The Apple Watch arrived in
Ireland last week, several months after its April launch.

Apple said it had sold more than 13 million iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus
handsets within three days of its launch, with chief executive Tim Cook
describing the sales as "phenomenal". They beat all first weekend sales results
in Apple's history.

When the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus debuted last year, the company sold 10 million
iPhones in the first weekend. The new phones' sales figures were given a boost
by China, which wasn't part of the initial release in 2014.

CIARA O'BRIEN

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              919 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                    September 9, 2015 Wednesday 5:10 PM GMT

What time is the iPhone 6s launch today? Latest Apple event news;
The iPhone 6S, iPhone 6S Plus and an updated Apple TV are all expected to be
showcased at tonight's event

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 556 words


Excitement is reaching fever pitch among tech fans as Apple prepares to unveil
its latest smartphone and gadget.

Later today, Apple CEO Tim Cook will deliver a keynote address and reveal the
latest version of the tech giant's iPhone gadget, expected to be called the
iPhone 6s.

The event will take place at the Bill Graham auditorium in San Francisco at 6pm
UK time.

For those in California, it'll be happening at 10am.

Apple will be providing a live stream of the event, but it will only be
available to watch on Mac computers or iPhones and iPad mobile devices.

You can also follow the action at Mirror.co.uk.

Watch the iPhone 6s launch on catch-up via the Mirror.co.uk stream. It will be
available as live HERE from 7pm.

Around 7,000 people are expected to attend the event - many of whom will be
Apple employees.

This year, Apple sent out a bunch of invitations, which cryptically suggests you
ask Siri for a hint.

If you ask the iPhone's digital assistant, it reveals there's a big event
happening on Wednesday, September 9.

Apple re-shaped its flagship handset in a big way last year, making the iPhone 6
bigger and slimmer than any previous phone.

What's likely is that today the company will reveal an iPhone 6s upgrade - with
improved specs but an appearance that stays roughly the same.

There will also be an upgrade to Apple TV - but here's the main iPhone
announcements we're expecting.

As in previous years, we expect Apple to reveal two versions of the new iPhone
at the same time.

Like it did with the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus, we could see two different
sizes to appeal to two different types of customer.

Apple is hardly alone in this approach - Samsung has recently launched two new
super-sized smartphones for those who like their phones a little bigger.

Apple's Force Touch feature was developed for the Apple Watch and works as a
wholly new type of input method.

You press down on the screen with a little more force, and it activates a
different action.

It's heavily tipped to be the standout new feature of the iPhone 6s.

So far, this hasn't been widely implemented - but with an arrival on the
iPhone's big screen developers could find some unique usages for the new
feature.

Apple has continuously updated the processors in its new phones and this year is
likely to be no exception.

Many rumour sites are suggesting Apple has built an "A9" processor that would
give the new iPhone the same power as the iPad Air 2.

Meanwhile, battery life will be improved as well. Apple is reportedly using
contoured, layered battery stacks to squeeze as much power into the body of the
new phone as possible.

Once paired with the company's efficient new iOS 9 software, the length of usage
time should be much improved over the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

Apple largely stays out of the camera arms race that other manufacturers follow.
That being said, the new iPhone is expected to boast a 12-megapixel rear facing
camera.

That will be a big step up considering all the iPhones going back to the iPhone
4s have used 8-megapixel cameras.

Another expectation is that the front-facing camera will, for the first time,
shoot 1080p high definition footage.

Apple brought out a rose gold version of the Apple Watch and, according to
pictures leaked onto the internet, will be doing the same with the iPhone.

Will you be following Apple's iPhone 6s event?

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              920 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 9, 2015 Wednesday 4:15 PM GMT

What time is the iPhone 6s launch today? Latest Apple event news;
The iPhone 6S, iPhone 6S Plus and an updated Apple TV are all expected to be
showcased at tonight's event

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 556 words


Excitement is reaching fever pitch among tech fans as Apple prepares to unveil
its latest smartphone and gadget.

Later today, Apple CEO Tim Cook will deliver a keynote address and reveal the
latest version of the tech giant's iPhone gadget, expected to be called the
iPhone 6s.

The event will take place at the Bill Graham auditorium in San Francisco at 6pm
UK time.

For those in California, it'll be happening at 10am.

Apple will be providing a live stream of the event, but it will only be
available to watch on Mac computers or iPhones and iPad mobile devices.

You can also follow the action at Mirror.co.uk.

Watch the iPhone 6s launch on catch-up via the Mirror.co.uk stream. It will be
available as live HERE from 7pm.

Around 7,000 people are expected to attend the event - many of whom will be
Apple employees.

This year, Apple sent out a bunch of invitations, which cryptically suggests you
ask Siri for a hint.

If you ask the iPhone's digital assistant, it reveals there's a big event
happening on Wednesday, September 9.

Apple re-shaped its flagship handset in a big way last year, making the iPhone 6
bigger and slimmer than any previous phone.

What's likely is that today the company will reveal an iPhone 6s upgrade - with
improved specs but an appearance that stays roughly the same.

There will also be an upgrade to Apple TV - but here's the main iPhone
announcements we're expecting.

As in previous years, we expect Apple to reveal two versions of the new iPhone
at the same time.

Like it did with the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus, we could see two different
sizes to appeal to two different types of customer.

Apple is hardly alone in this approach - Samsung has recently launched two new
super-sized smartphones for those who like their phones a little bigger.

Apple's Force Touch feature was developed for the Apple Watch and works as a
wholly new type of input method.

You press down on the screen with a little more force, and it activates a
different action.

It's heavily tipped to be the standout new feature of the iPhone 6s.

So far, this hasn't been widely implemented - but with an arrival on the
iPhone's big screen developers could find some unique usages for the new
feature.

Apple has continuously updated the processors in its new phones and this year is
likely to be no exception.

Many rumour sites are suggesting Apple has built an "A9" processor that would
give the new iPhone the same power as the iPad Air 2.

Meanwhile, battery life will be improved as well. Apple is reportedly using
contoured, layered battery stacks to squeeze as much power into the body of the
new phone as possible.

Once paired with the company's efficient new iOS 9 software, the length of usage
time should be much improved over the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

Apple largely stays out of the camera arms race that other manufacturers follow.
That being said, the new iPhone is expected to boast a 12-megapixel rear facing
camera.

That will be a big step up considering all the iPhones going back to the iPhone
4s have used 8-megapixel cameras.

Another expectation is that the front-facing camera will, for the first time,
shoot 1080p high definition footage.

Apple brought out a rose gold version of the Apple Watch and, according to
pictures leaked onto the internet, will be doing the same with the iPhone.

Will you be following Apple's iPhone 6s event?

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              921 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                             October 3, 2014 Friday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Apple plans iPad event on Oct. 16: report

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 452 words


On the heels of a major launch of large-screen iPhones, Apple has scheduled an
October 16 event to update its iPad line, technology news website Re/code
reported Friday.

The event also will include a look at next-generation software for powering
Macintosh computers, Re/code said, citing unnamed sources.

The gathering is to take place in an auditorium at Apple's headquarters in the
California city of Cupertino, according to the report.

Apple did not reply to an AFP request for comment.

If the report is on target, the iPad event will take place a day before Apple
begins selling its latest iPhones in China.

Apple launched the large-screen iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus on September 19 and
has rolled the smartphones out to an array of countries, but not China where it
took some time to clear licensing hurdles.

Apple's revenue in Greater China -- which includes Hong Kong and Taiwan -- is
second only to the United States, and chief executive Tim Cook has said he
expects it to become the company's biggest market in time.

Apple, which popularized tablets with its iPad, remained the largest single
global vendor in the second quarter but its market share fell to 26.9 percent
from 33 percent last year, as Android makers boosted their share, according to
the research firm IDC.

- iPhone 6 sales soar -

The first day of global sales for the phones was a huge success, with Apple
breaking its sales record for an opening weekend of a new iPhone model,
delivering 10 million in three days and boasting it could have sold more if it
had them.

Both new iPhones have larger screens as Apple catches up with the "phablet"
trend pioneered by competitors such as Samsung, which has had success with its
Galaxy Note series.

The iPhone 6 has a screen of 4.7 inches and the 6 Plus is 5.5 inches, reflecting
a growing preference for big screens on smartphones.

Main rival Samsung has long had a range of larger handsets, which are popular in
Asia.

Apple made a rare apology last week for a software bug in a freshly released
version of iOS mobile operating system that saw iPhone users lose service, and
sought to quell a storm over reports that its new handsets are susceptible to
bending.

Apple downplayed reports on bending of its newly released oversize iPhone -- one
analyst described the damaging claims as "a black eye" for Apple --- saying it
had only received nine complaints about the matter.

The statement said that "with normal use a bend in iPhone is extremely rare and
through our first six days of sale, a total of nine customers have contacted
Apple with a bent iPhone 6 Plus."

Apple released fully updated iOS 8.0.2 software to fix trouble with the original
version of the mobile operating system for its gadgets.

gc/rl

Apple

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2014 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              922 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                      August 16, 2015 Sunday 02:33 PM EST

iPhone 7 Rumor Rollup: Into another Galaxy; India up next?

BYLINE: Bob Brown

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 560  words


Click for image

Apple iPhone 6S and iPhone 7 rumors took a back seat this past week to Samsung
and its latest Galaxy smartphones, complete with painful introduction event.

The reviews for Samsung's latest, the 5.7-inch Note 5 and S6 Edge+ have been
generally positive, though Apple no doubt regain center stage next month, when
it is expected to unveil the 4.7-inch iPhone 6S and 5.5-inch 6S Plus.

Then again, what if the underwhelmly-named iPhone 6S and 6S Plus flop? One site,
iDigitalTimes, suggests that could be enough to push Apple to speed up the
introduction of a next set of flagship phones, namely the iPhone 7s.

The need for a brand-new iPhone has fallen as used models and Android deals
flood the market. Apple is slated to unveil the iPhone 6s, but if sales
disappoint, then Apple may have incentive to release the iPhone 7 sooner. Time
will tell if Apple buckles under the competition or continue its two year
tradition of releasing new phone models.

Something tells us that Apple won't quite be hurtin' after its September phones
debut though.

What do you C?

The latest scuttlebutt regarding a third iPhone, a small and cheaper 6C model,
seems to be that Apple will not go in that direction.

MacRumors reported that mobile app marketing platform Fiksu saw no sign of a 6C
edition in its latest logs, which show which devices (including pre-production
models) various apps are running on.

MacRumors goes on to say:

Rumors indicate that while Apple did initially consider launching a 4-inch
iPhone 6c in 2015, those plans were scrapped due to concerns the device could
cannibalize sales of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, which Apple wants to offer as a
lower-cost solution when the next-generation iPhones are released. Other rumors
have suggested the iPhone 6c wasnever intended for 2015, with Apple perhaps
planning to launch a smaller-screened phone in 2016.

I, for one, am toying with giving up my iPhone 5, with some hesitation of moving
to a larger phone. But I do want a better camera that even the iPhone 6
provides.

Sneak peek at the guts

MacManiak, an Apple parts and accessories reseller, reveals what it says is the
frame for the iPhone 6S, which doesn't look a lot different from that of the
iPhone 6. It points out two main differences in the new model, including 2 flex
connectors (one horizontal, one vertical) and a straight Touch ID cable (vs. a
bent one in the iPhone 6). iPhoneHacks suggests the additional connector might
indicate that Apple indeed will include its Force Touch technology in the new
iPhones.

Another parts leak involves the rear casing for the next iPhone, and according
to Unbox Therapy indications are that the hardware is designed to safeguard
against the device bending. It appears as though Apple is using a stronger and
lighter aluminum, which is actually thicker in areas near buttons that could be
susceptible to bending.

From China to India

As is widely known, iPhones are mainly cobbled together in China at Foxconn's
sometimes notorious factories. But word out of ValueWalk, citing the Financial
Times, is that Foxconn is investing heavily in building factories in India. This
might help Apple counter some of the wage inflation being seen in China, as well
as enable Apple to boost its sales in India. Of course, iPhones are also made in
the US to some degree, from the engineering elements to certain components.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              923 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      January 30, 2015 Friday 6:53 PM GMT

Apple passes gas firms with record $18bn quarterly profit;
Record-setter eclipses previous highs from ExxonMobil and GazpromCompany sold
34,000 iPhones an hour in last quarter of 2014

BYLINE: Dominic Rushe in New York

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 778 words


Apple has smashed into the record books by reporting the largest quarterly
profit in corporate history.

The tech company - already the most valuable on the stock market - reported
profits of $18bn (£11.9bn) for the third quarter of the fiscal year, surpassing
the previous record quarters set by oil companies ExxonMobil and Gazprom.

Apple chief executive Tim Cook called the company's sales "phenomenal" and said
the company had sold 34,000 iPhones an hour every day of the quarter. "This
volume is hard to comprehend," Cook said.

A record 74.4m iPhones were sold in the three months to the end of 2014, the
California-based company announced on Tuesday, comfortably beating analysts'
expectations as sales of its two newest models soared during the Christmas
holidays and found new fans in China.

The record $74.6bn in revenues for the all-important third quarter was well
ahead of the $67.5bn expected by analysts. Apple, the world's most valuable
company, ended the quarter with $178bn in cash.

Sales were led by China, up 70% on a year ago. Sales in the Americas and Europe
were up 23% and 20% respectively.

Related: The biggest corporate profits of all time

The iPad's popularity continued to wane, however. Apple sold 21.4m of the
devices in the last quarter of 2014, less than analysts had expected, but iPhone
sales cheered investors. Ahead of Apple's announcement, analysts had predicted
the company would report sales of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus of between 66m and
70m over the quarter. Apple's shares jumped 5% in after-hours trading on
Tuesday.

"We'd like to thank our customers for an incredible quarter, which saw demand
for Apple products soar to an all-time high," said Cook. "Our revenue grew 30%
over last year to $74.6bn, and the execution by our teams to achieve these
results was simply phenomenal."

Apple had a record-setting year in 2014, with its share price hitting new highs
and taking its stock market valuation to $650bn. Last week, the company revealed
that Cook's pay package more than doubled last year, to $9.22m. Angela Ahrendts,
Apple's new head of retail, took home the biggest award in 2014 - $73.3m -
boosted by a massive sign-on package.

The performance beat Apple's previous quarterly record for iPhone sales, 51m,
set in the quarter ending 28 December 2013.

Apple's latest iPhones were introduced in September and have proved a hit with
consumers. The company had eschewed making iPhones with larger screens until
last year, and the decision to take on rival Samsung and others with a larger
smartphone appears to have paid off.

The introduction of the larger iPhone 6 Plus alongside the iPhone 6 and
lower-priced iPhone 5S and 5C pushed Apple's iPhone sales past 20m a month for
the first time in November, according to recent research from Counter Point.
Japan, Korea and China have proven bright spots for Apple, with
higher-than-expected demand for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models.

Apple also managed to increase the amount of money it charges for iPhones over
the quarter. The average selling price of the iPhone was $687 in the final
quarter of 2014, compared with $637 for the same period a year ago. The iPhone 6
Plus costs $100 more than Apple's previous high-end model.

In the US, iPhone owners accounted for 42.3% of all smartphone users in 2014,
according to eMarketer, up from 40% in 2013. By comparison, Android users
accounted for 51.3% in 2014, up from 50.5% the previous year.

According to eMarketer, there were 76.2m iPad users in the US in 2014, or 51.8%
of all US tablet users. That market share was down from 54.5% of all US tablet
users in 2013.

In the UK, the number of iPad users reached 15.7m in 2014, up from 12.9m in
2013, eMarketer estimates, but Apple lost market share, falling to 53% of tablet
owners from 57% in 2013.

Apple is preparing to launch the Apple Watch, its first truly new product line
under Cook, who took over following the death of co-founder Steve Jobs in 2011.
The smartwatch is expected to go on sale in April. Cook said his expectations
for the watch were "very high".

"I'm using it every day, love it, can't live without it," he said of the watch.

The product launch comes as Apple is struggling to sell iPads in the face of
cheaper alternatives, winding down sales of its iPod media players and
increasingly concentrating on services like Apple Pay, its credit card-less
payment system that can be used with iPhones and the new watch.

Cook said that some 750 banks and credit unions have signed on for Apple Pay and
that the service already comprises more than two-thirds of all contactless
payments. He said Whole Foods had reported a 400% rise in contactless payments
thanks to Apple Pay.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              924 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

iPhones with bigger screens may find eager buyers among seniors -BYLN- By Brian
Womack Bloomberg News

SECTION: BUSINESS WIRE_; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 737 words


Eden Adams, 65, is ready to upgrade after using her iPhone for about three
years.

The schoolteacher from Fremont, California, had looked at her daughter's Samsung
Electronics Co. smartphone, which has a larger screen, and considered buying the
Korean manufacturer's device before learning of Apple Inc.'s plans to roll out
new iPhones with bigger displays.

"My daughter's is easier to read; the quality of her pictures are really good
too," she said, adding that she hopes to buy a new iPhone soon. "I am even
tempted to switch, but I don't want to learn too many new things."

Adams and others at or near retirement age could prove to be a customer category
that will help make the iPhone 6 another best-seller. Apple unveiled recently
two new iPhone models: one with a 4.7-inch screen and another with a 5.5-inch
display. The larger model now sits squarely in the same league as similar
oversized models made popular by rivals such as Samsung and LG Electronics Inc.

After pioneering the smartphone market, Apple is moving away from its focus on
smaller screens. While bigger displays make it easier for a younger crowd to
read digital books, play games or watch movies, the large screens also let
people who need reading glasses boost the size of the font and images on their
smartphones without sacrificing screen real estate.

Slightly more than half of consumers planning to buy a smartphone will opt for a
larger device, according to a survey conducted earlier this year by Accenture
Plc.

Big Fonts

"Samsung did sort of create this phablet market, but I think that doesn't mean
that Apple wouldn't benefit greatly by moving into this direction," said J.P.
Gownder, an analyst at Forrester Inc., referring to products that are considered
an amalgamation of phones and tablets. "The average age is getting older and
clearly visual acuity declines in that situation."

The 4.7-inch iPhone 6, which will have rounded edges and a thinner frame than
earlier models, will cost $199 to $399 with a two-year contract in the U.S.,
while the larger 6 Plus is priced at $299 to $499. The devices are set to ship
on Sept. 19 in a limited number of countries.

At 5.5 diagonal inches, the heftiest iPhone is more than one-third larger than
the last model, in terms of screen area. It's also larger than one of Samsung's
leading devices, the Galaxy S5, which has a 5.1-inch screen. The iPhone 6 Plus
is just slightly smaller than the Samsung Note 3, which is 5.7 inches. Other
phones made by LG and HTC Corp. are also 5 inches or larger.

Clear Vision

Mel Gurney, a retired physician in Santa Rosa, California, said he's looking
forward to replacing his 5S iPhone with the new 5.5-inch version. While the
58-year-old's current smartphone lets him enlarge the typeface for some items,
not all applications let him easily expand letters and numbers.

"When something comes through on my iPhone that I really need to read, I got to
run around the house, looking for my reading glasses," he said. "Vision is
everything. If you can't see it, it doesn't do you much good."

Gurney also said that the bigger display not only helps him to see the screen;
it's also beneficial for tapping, since he has larger fingers that sometimes
makes it difficult to manipulate icons and menus.

"The other advantages far outweigh the discomfort of trying to fit it into one
of my back pockets," Gurney said.

Larger displays are increasingly critical for users as they absorb more digital
content through mobile applications and the Internet, Gownder said. That's
coming at the expense of voice capabilities that once were more central to
phones.

Potential Buyers

More than a third of consumers who weren't planning to upgrade their iPhones
would do so if a larger-screen model were available, according to a survey in
June by RBC Capital Markets. More than a quarter of those who responded said
they're willing to spend $299 to buy a 5.5-inch iPhone, according to the poll.

It isn't just retirees who are poised to buy bigger iPhones. Shannon Stark, 42,
is ready for a larger screen as she relies more on her glasses. Her current
phone, the 4S with a 3.5-inch screen, just isn't as easy to use as a larger
Samsung device that her mother has, said the construction estimator, who lives
in North Bay, Canada.

"I would love to have an iPhone that is bigger," Stark said, adding she's aiming
to get the 6 Plus. "My iPhone felt like a little-kid phone after playing with
hers for a bit."

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Associated Press The iPhone 6 plus, left, and iPhone 6 are displayed on
Tuesday, Sept. 9, 2014, in Cupertino, Calif.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              925 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                     April 27, 2016 Wednesday 10:17 AM EST

I am the reason for Apple's falling iPhone sales

BYLINE: Fredric Paul

SECTION: NEWSANALYSIS

LENGTH: 472  words


Click for image

If you're looking for the reason why Apple just experienced a decline in
year-over-year iPhone sales, go ahead and blame it on me. Well, me and millions
of other people just like me.

Formerly faithful upgrades

For the past six years, I have upgraded my iPhone every 24 months, as soon as my
carrier contract was up for renewal. I happily went from an iPhone 4 to an
iPhone 5 to an iPhone 6 Plus. Each time I upgraded, I was thrilled to get the
new model with its bigger screen, faster performance and other cool bells and
whistles.

Sure, I was bummed when I had to throw away all of my old peripherals to work
with the new Lightning connector used in the Apple 5, but I got over it.
Eventually. And I loved each new phone I bought, convinced it was the best
mobile device available-or at least close enough for government work, as they
used to say.

SEE ALSO: iPhone 6 Plus review: It's not big enough!

While I often had some desire to get the improved S versions of each phone
model, it was never enough to justify paying full boat instead of waiting for
that sweet carrier subsidy.

Good enough, I guess

But now-not only did I not have even a passing interest in the iPhone 6s, but I
also don't really have much interest in the iPhone 7. Like the record-breaking
crowds of other iPhone 6 buyers, I'm now pretty much committed to keeping my
device for as long as I can. The new features in the S models don't seem
compelling to me, and some of the stuff being rumored for the iPhone actually
sound counter-productive.

No headphone jack? Seriously? I've spent real money on some sweet aftermarket
noise-cancelling headphones, not to mention earbuds and exercise phones that
actually stay in my ears. (Apple's earbuds fall out almost instantly.) The last
thing I want is to have to toss them out like my old 30-pin connector music
docks or gum up the sleek lines of my device carrying around a bulky, expensive
adapter.

On the plus side for Apple, when my current device gives up the ghost, I still
fully intend to replace it with a new iPhone, unless Android ups its level of
fit and finish or concocts some awesome new feature that I haven't heard about
yet but just gotta have.

But I'm not going to buy a new iPhone just because my contract is up. Plus, the
carriers are making device subsidies harder and harder to get anyway.

Me, and lots of other people

Apple's numbers make it clear that I'm far from being the only one who feels
this way. Enterprises for sure aren't going to upgrade just for the heck of it.

Ultimately, Apple seems to be a victim of its own success. The company sold
record numbers of the iPhone, and it's such a great device that few people are
clamoring to replace it. I may be wrong, but there's a real chance that
situation will hold true even when the iPhone 7 comes out. We'll see later this
year.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              926 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                      October 20, 2014 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Vuzix' New Operating System Provides Compatibility Between M100 Smart Glasses
And Apple iOS Devices

LENGTH: 381  words


Monday, October 20, 2014: Vuzix Corporation (OTCQB: VUZI), a leading supplier of
Video Eyewear and Smart Glasses products in the consumer, commercial and
entertainment markets, today announced that with the release of the OS 2.0
upgrade for the M100 Smart Glasses, compatibility with iOS devices is enabled
and iPhone and iPad support is being prepared to ship. The M100 Smart Glasses
Manager application for iOS is now in final test for submission to Apple for
iTunes launch approval.

With iOS support, the M100 will connect seamlessly to most iOS devices including
the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. The Smart Glasses Manager application allows
the M100 to be controlled by iPhones and enables features like Bluetooth
hands-free headset coms, streaming audio, and many other advanced M100 Smart
Glasses capabilities including support for both M100 native applications and
M100 legacy Android applications alike.

"We delivered the M100 Smart Glasses OS 2.0 upgrade just in time for the new
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus launch. As many of our Enterprise customers use the
iOS devices by corporate mandate, it is critical that our products support the
iOS platform. The Vuzix M100 Smart Glasses Manager running on iOS allows
seamless integration of our Smart Glasses for both iOS centric enterprise
customers and avid prosumer customers alike." said Paul Travers, President and
CEO of Vuzix.

The Company's M100 Smart Glasses are effectively a wearable computer that
provides solutions for hands-free computing in mobile applications. The M100 can
also support advanced features like virtual and augmented reality needed in many
enterprise applications like warehouse picking and plant floor machine
maintenance. Managing these unique capabilities have been available only through
connectivity with Android devices but with this new release, the M100 now has
support for iOS devices including the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Vuzix'
award-winning M100 Smart Glasses contain a virtual display with an integrated
camera and dual core ARM processing engine that is powerful enough to connect to
the internet and run advanced applications on its own. With the M100 Smart
Glasses Manager running on an iPhone, the M100 will now work in harmony with the
iPhone as it was meant to be experienced.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              927 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                          December 23, 2015 Wednesday

An Apple in the stockings

LENGTH: 722  words


Greetings to all readers who celebrate Christmas, Hanukkah or any other
festival, including New year. When hunting for gifts, I try and make things easy
by selecting a few possibilities, thinking about it at home, then rushing to the
stores at the last minute.

I hope Santa will be bringing you Macs, iPads and iPhones this year. The Apple
Watch, with its colour choices and its large selection of bands may also be on
some lists. One of my students is keeping his fingers crossed that his mother
will surprise him with an Apple Watch Sport. Apple makes accessories for the
iPhones and iPads and I have been playing around with a selection of cases.

The iPad Pro, now promoted to my most-used device, has the Smart Keyboard, along
with the Apple Pencil. I also have a Smart Cover for the iPad Pro which acts as
a stand like the Smart Keyboard and puts the device to sleep when the cover is
closed. These come in charcoal grey or white and cost 2,800 baht.

A useful addition to the Smart Cover or the Smart Keyboard is a Silicone Case:
4,100 baht in charcoal grey or white. This protects the rear of the iPad Pro.

I do not often use cases for my iPhones partly because I do not like screen
protectors. None of the cases for the iPhones sold by Apple cover the screens
and the thinness of the silicone or leather used only has a slight effect on
button sensitivity. Pressing does however need to be firmly at the centre of a
button, rather than the ends.

I have cases for the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s Plus in both materials. The
leather cases are priced at 2,100 baht and 2,200 baht respectively. Colours for
the leather cases are black, midnight blue, saddle brown, rose grey, brown and
(Product) Red. The proceeds from the sale of any (Product) Red merchandise go to
support the elimination of HIV/Aids in Africa.

The silicone cases are 1,500 baht for the iPhone 6s and 1,700 baht for the
iPhone 6s Plus. The range of colours for the silicone cases is charcoal grey,
stone, antique white, blue, turquoise, white, lavender, pink, midnight blue and
(Product) Red.

The colours available may allow some mix and match with Apple Watch bands. These
cases also work with the older iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models.

There are several reasons I like the iPhone 6s Plus now that I am used to the
size, particularly video stabilisation and battery life. It is not unusual for
me to run this iPhone for a couple of days without it needing a charge. Of
course, if I have heavy usage on a busy day, which happens sometimes, it needs a
charge by late evening.

The iPhone 6s has about the same battery life as the model that it supersedes,
so by the end of the day I must connect it to the power adaptor. When I was on a
long trip last year with students, using the camera, video and accessing map
apps and GPS while we were travelling, the older iPhone 6 died on a couple of
occasions due to our isolated location.

While there are 3rd party solutions, Apple now has its own Smart Battery case
for the iPhone 6s (and iPhone 6). As soon as one of my students saw this, his
reaction was "1877 mAh": Electrical Engineering students think like that. Many
others have commented on the shape of the case, calling it a number of
uncomplimentary names, including "hump". Tim Cook says it is not a hump. Some
have questioned Apple's design philosophy over this and other accessories and
come to the usual conclusion that Apple is doomed. Again.

The iPhone slides into the case from the top and a Lightning connector is
inserted into the bottom of the iPhone. When the case is charged, the iPhone
always shows 100% and the battery life is extended considerably. Fully charged,
I used the iPhone for 48 hours. The Smart Case was empty but there was still a
charge of 40% remaining on the iPhone.

The devices can be charged together or separately. An indication of the charge
available for both devices appears on the screen when connected or disconnected.
The iPhone took about an hour to charge. The case took just over two hours. They
can be used as one unit, or the case can be used for standby. When used as one,
the silicone has a nice, "grippy" feel. That addition to the rear (the hump)
made a good place for me to rest my index finger when using the phone.

I also bought myself the new Lightning-to-SD card adaptor and reviewed this on
my own site at the weekend.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              928 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           January 10, 2015 Saturday

Apple may find its new core in China

BYLINE: Jack Freifelder in New York

LENGTH: 509  words


Increasing demand in China for Apple Inc's latest flagship devices has spurred
consumers there to buy more of the devices than their American counterparts for
the first time.

An Apple Inc store in Xuchang, Henan province. At the end of the third quarter
of last year, Apple held 18.1 percent of smartphone market share in China. [Gen
Guoqing/China Daily]

Increasing demand in China for Apple Inc's latest flagship devices, the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus, has spurred consumers there to buy more of the devices than
their American counterparts for the first time, data from Switzerland-based
financial services company UBS AG showed.

"Recent data suggest that iPhone demand saw considerable growth in China, even
finding that China could constitute as much as 35 percent of shipments in the
quarter compared with 22 percent a year ago," Steven Milunovich, an analyst with
UBS, wrote in a research note published on Wednesday.

The US share of iPhone sales is expected to dip from 29 percent a year ago to 24
percent in the first quarter of 2015, he wrote.

Milunovich, who covers Apple for UBS, said the iPhone has seen significant gains
in the world's second-largest economy since the device was rolled out in
October.

Estimates from UBS show that Apple sold 69.3 million iPhones in the fourth
quarter of 2014, a new quarterly record for the Cupertino, California-based tech
company. The figure beat the consensus estimate of 65.5 million devices.

Apple's distribution agreement with China Mobile Ltd, the world's largest mobile
phone operator, could be one of the reasons for the uptick, Milunovich said.

"China Mobile's distribution agreement with Apple was signed in late December
2013 and Apple began shipping the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in October, so it seems
reasonable that demand in China surged relative to other regions," he wrote.

In October, Apple's new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus arrived in China despite a
regulatory delay in the rollout. Heavy interest from Chinese consumers helped
Apple sell nearly 10 million units within three days of the initial sell date on
JD, the e-commerce platform of JD.com Inc.

At the end of the third quarter of last year, the iPhone held 18.1 percent of
market share in China. In the US, nearly half of all smartphones sold (47.3
percent) were iPhones, according to international market research firm Kantar
Worldpanel.

Apple also posted its largest third-quarter sales volume figure in 2014,
according to data from the International Data Corp. The company boosted its
global smartphone shipments to more than 39 million units, second worldwide
behind Samsung Electronics Co (78 million units).

Samsung, based in Suwon, South Korea, remained the world's largest smartphone
vendor in the third quarter of 2014, with 23.7 percent of the market, followed
by Apple with 11.7 percent.

Other global players, including Chinese companies like Xiaomi Corp and Lenovo
Group Ltd have also managed to squeeze into the fray.

Xiaomi and Lenovo were ranked third and fourth on that list, with 5.2 percent
and 5.1 percent shares, respectively.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              929 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Chennai Online

                          August 24, 2015 6:30 AM EST

Don't worry if your iPhone 6 Plus is taking blurry pictures.

LENGTH: 191  words


Apple has rectified an issue with iPhone 6 plus iSight camera which takes blurry
pictures due to a component failure. The failure however is found only on few
devices falling in a certain serial number range. If your Camera takes blurry
pictures and falls into a certain serial range, Apple may fix your camera for
free.

Apple has released an online tool
(https://www.apple.com/in/support/iphone6plus-isightcamera/) to check and see
whether your eligible for the free replacement program, you need to enter the
phone's serial number (https://support.apple.com/en-in/HT204073) to verify if
you're eligible for the free repair of the iSight camera.

After verifying your details you can get free camera replacement through an
Apple certified service provider.  Your iPhone will be checked prior to any
service to check the eligibility for this program and in working order.

Apple may only provide free replacement to the original country of
purchase.There will not be any further extension on the standard warranty
coverage of the iPhone 6 Plus. The program covers affected iPhone 6 Plus iSight
cameras for 3 years after the first retail sale of the unit.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


 Copyright 2015 Chennai Interactive Business Services (P) Ltd., distributed by
                                  Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              930 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                   September 24, 2014 Wednesday 12:18 PM GMT

Bending iPhone 6 Plus: Users say Apple's new device bends in pockets

BYLINE: Robin de Peyer

SECTION: HOME

LENGTH: 350 words


Owners of the new iPhone 6 Plus have complained that it bends in their pockets.

Reports of the unusual design flaw have flooded Twitter and online forums since
the new model was released to the public on Friday.

And a video of someone applying force to the phone and bending its screen was
viewed almost three million times in around 24 hours after it was posted on
YouTube.

The fault is only believed to be affecting the iPhone 6 Plus - the larger of two
new models unveiled by Apple this month.

The technology giant reported it had sold a record-breaking 10 million of the
new devices worldwide within three days of them going on sale.

The iPhone 6 Could Bend In Your Pocket... !! haha.. love u APPLE
pic.twitter.com/MJV2s5kT1a- Nelson Cardoz (@nelsoncardoz) September 23, 2014

But some of those who bought the more expensive 6 Plus model, which boasts a
5.5-inch display, have complained the device is no longer straight after being
kept in trouser pockets.

One owner posted a picture of a curved device apparently belonging to his friend
on Apple forum MacRumors.

"Put it in his front pocket and it was like this when he took it out after
getting out of the car," he wrote.

Oups, l'iPhone 6 se déforme dans la poche !
http://t.co/szFfovaHB7pic.twitter.com/Zru9uozhMU- Florian Paulmier
(@FlorianP123) September 23, 2014

Lewis Hilsenteger, of Unbox Therapy, said in a video in which he apparently
verified the claims: "Unfortunate, but under the pressure of my hands, it does
bend quite significantly."

Another Twitter user posted a picture of an apparently bent iPhone alongside the
caption: "Putting a phone in your pocket is irresponsible and reckless abuse".

It comes after rumours circulated that the new models of iPhone could feature a
deliberately flexible display.

But as Apple made no announcement about the feature it is possible the
flexibility is a design flaw caused by the phone's lightweight aluminium body.

Users complained of similar problems after the launches of the iPhone 4 and 5
models.

Apple has not responded to the reports and has so far not commented when asked
to by the Evening Standard.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2014 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              931 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                   September 24, 2014 Wednesday 12:06 PM GMT

Apple iPhone 6 Plus owners complain it 'bends in trouser pockets'

BYLINE: Robin de Peyer

SECTION: HOME

LENGTH: 341 words


Owners of the new iPhone 6 Plus have complained that it bends in their pockets.

Reports of the unusual design flaw have flooded Twitter and online forums since
the new model was released to the public on Friday.

And a video of someone applying force to the phone and bending its screen was
viewed almost three million times in around 24 hours after it was posted on
YouTube.

The fault is only believed to be affecting the iPhone 6 Plus - the larger of two
new models unveiled by Apple this month.

The technology giant reported it had sold a record-breaking 10 million of the
new devices worldwide within three days of them going on sale.

The iPhone 6 Could Bend In Your Pocket... !! haha.. love u APPLE
pic.twitter.com/MJV2s5kT1a- Nelson Cardoz (@nelsoncardoz) September 23, 2014

But some of those who bought the more expensive 6 Plus model, which boasts a
5.5-inch display, have complained the device is no longer straight after being
kept in trouser pockets.

One owner posted a picture of a curved device apparently belonging to his friend
on Apple forum MacRumors.

"Put it in his front pocket and it was like this when he took it out after
getting out of the car," he wrote.

Oups, l'iPhone 6 se déforme dans la poche !
http://t.co/szFfovaHB7pic.twitter.com/Zru9uozhMU- Florian Paulmier
(@FlorianP123) September 23, 2014

Lewis Hilsenteger, of Unbox Therapy, said in a video in which he apparently
verified the claims: "Unfortunate, but under the pressure of my hands, it does
bend quite significantly."

Another Twitter user posted a picture of an apparently bent iPhone alongside the
caption: "Putting a phone in your pocket is irresponsible and reckless abuse".

It comes after rumours circulated that the new models of iPhone could feature a
deliberately flexible display.

But as Apple made no announcement about the feature it seems the flexibility is
a design flaw caused by the phone's lightweight aluminium body.

Users complained of similar problems after the launches of the iPhone 4 and 5
models.

The Evening Standard has approached Apple for a comment.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2014 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              932 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                             May 27, 2015 Wednesday

New products

SECTION: DIGITAL LIFE; New Products

LENGTH: 636 words


TELEVISION

Sony Bravia X9000C Series

Pricing unknown, available next month

Remember that old Sony TV with lockable doors, which was huge enough to double
as a spare surface for dumping books, ornaments and anything you did not have
time to put away immediately'

At its thinnest, Sony's new Bravia X9000C 4K LCD TV is only 4.9mm thick. Sony's
slimmest LCD TV is all but bezel-free. In your living room, it will look as if
it is floating.

Powered by Sony's new 4K Processor X1 and X-Reality Pro, the 4K (3,840 x 2,160
pixels) moving images deliver improved colour accuracy and stunning details.

This set supports Google's latest Android TV operating system, so it is easy for
Android smartphone users to stream videos, or to use the TV as a gaming device.
It comes in 55-inch and 65-inch models.

IPHONE CASE

Mujjo Leather Wallet Case 80° for iPhone 6/6 Plus

$89 (iPhone 6), $99 (iPhone 6 Plus)

The Mujjo Leather Wallet Case 80° is an elegant and practical case for your new
Apple iPhone 6 or 6 Plus.

Designed to hold up to three essential cards, this leather case eliminates
wallet bulge. The card slots are slanted at an angle of 80 degrees to keep an
EZLink card, an ATM card and a credit card securely in place. Crafted from
high-quality vegetable-tanned leather for which Mujjo is known, the exterior
will acquire a beautiful patina over time. It is available in tan and black.

RUNNING SHOES

On Cloudsurfer

$229

From the country that brought you high-precision mechanical watches, On is a
young Swiss sports company that developed the innovative CloudTech cushioning
technology to transform running energy into forward momentum.

The CloudTech system features hollow pods on the outsole of the shoe. These
stretch back on impact to cushion your landing, then lock to form a solid
foundation for a powerful push-off.

Cloudsurfer is On's latest model to use this technology. Its mesh upper with
smart foam adapts to the foot for comfort and fit, while the durable high-grade
ethylene-vinyl acetate midsole makes Cloudsurfer a great training and racing
shoe.

HEADPHONES

Sennheiser Momentum Wireless

$699

The award-winning Sennheiser Momentum gets a wireless upgrade which uses
Bluetooth and Near Field Communication technology to connect to your devices.

Goodbye, cable spaghetti.

Momentum Wireless uses Sennheiser's NoiseGard active noise-cancellation
technology to monitor and block ambient noise, while its VoiceMax technology
cancels out external interference to ensure optimum crystal-clear voice
conversations.

LENS

Olympus M.Zuiko Digital ED 7-14mm F2.8 Pro

Pricing unknown, available next month

The Olympus M.Zuiko Digital ED 7-14mm F2.8 Pro is the lens that Olympus and
Micro Four Thirds (MFT) mirrorless camera users have been waiting for.

With an effective focal length of 14-28mm (a MFT image sensor has a 2x crop
factor) and a constant big aperture of f/2.8 throughout, it is perfect for
landscape, architecture and wedding photography.

Compact and lightweight at 534g, the lens will not weigh you down while you
pound the streets for that perfect shot. It is sealed against dust, water and
cold, so you can use it in most weather conditions.

SMARTPHONE

Panasonic Lumix DMC-CM1

$1,399

Add a 1-inch image sensor to a smartphone and you get the Panasonic Lumix
DMC-CM1. It is the world's slimmest communication camera at only 21.1mm,
according to Panasonic.

The 1-inch, 20.1-megapixel image sensor is the kind found only in some high-end
compact cameras, such as the Panasonic LX100. It gives superb low-light
performance with the wide-angle Leica 28mm f/2.8 lens. This 4.7-inch Android
smartphone delivers photos that other smartphones can only dream about.

A physical control ring around the lens gives you quick and direct access to
controls, such as shutter speed, aperture and ISO settings.

Compiled by Trevor Tan

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              933 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             April 29, 2016 Friday

CNET reviews: Best camera phones of 2016;
PRODUCT REVIEWS

BYLINE: By CNET.com

SECTION: ; Pg. SA4

LENGTH: 613 words


The gorgeous Galaxy S7 Edge makes the best Android phone that much better.

The fast, powerful, beautiful Galaxy S7 phone is 2016's all-around phone to
beat.

The iPhone 6S Plus has a few key advantages that give it an edge for serious
iPhone users, but its big body still may not fit for a lot of people.

The iPhone 6S offers improved speed everywhere, better front and rear cameras
and a bold new 3D Touch pressure-sensitive display.

Smartphone cameras are becoming evermore skilled and sophisticated - and they
keep getting better. Here are the four best we've seen in recent months.

Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge

Product Review:
http://www.cnet.com/products/samsung-galaxy-s7-edge/#ftag=-CAD187281f

CNET rating: 5 stars out of 5 (Spectacular)

The good: The Galaxy S7 Edge has a gorgeous larger curved screen, has a great
camera and larger battery than the otherwise identical standard S7. It really is
something special. The extra navigation tools can be useful when used
judiciously.

The bad: When you pile on these extra navigation tools, they slow you down
rather than speed you up. It's pricier than other good phones.

The cost: $779.99 to $898.19

The bottom line: The gorgeous Galaxy S7 Edge makes the best Android phone that
much better.

Samsung Galaxy S7

Product Review: http://www.cnet.com/products/samsung-galaxy-s7/#ftag=-CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4.5 stars out of 5 (Outstanding)

The good: Polished design. Awesome camera. Long battery life. microSD storage
slot and water-resistant (again!).

The bad: Annoyingly reflective. Smudge magnet. Plastic-looking selfies even with
no filter. No removable battery, which isn't surprising, but is still a
compromise compared to 2014's S5.

The cost: $669.99 to $759.57

The bottom line: The fast, powerful, beautiful Galaxy S7 phone is 2016's
all-around phone to beat.

Apple iPhone 6S Plus

Product Review: http://www.cnet.com/products/apple-iphone-6s-plus/
#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4.5 stars out of 5 (Outstanding)

The good: Improved speed, better cameras, always-on Siri, and pressure-sensitive
3D Touch display compared to last year's 6 Plus.

And it has slightly better battery life, a bigger higher resolution screen, and
optical image stabilization for photos and video that can make a difference.

The bad: It's really big. It costs more than the smaller iPhone. Other
phablet-sized phones offer longer battery life.

The cost: $789.00 to $1159.99

The bottom line: The iPhone 6S Plus has a few key advantages that give it an
edge for serious iPhone users, but its big body still may not fit for a lot of
people.

Apple iPhone 6S

Product Review: http://www.cnet.com/products/apple-iphone-6s/#ftag=-CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4.5 stars out of 5 (Outstanding)

The good: Improved speed everywhere (new processor, faster wireless, quicker
Touch ID sensor); a sturdier body; better front and rear cameras; a bold new 3D
Touch pressure-sensitive display that could end up being a really useful tool in
apps down the road, and which already offers new iOS shortcuts.

The bad: Same battery life as the iPhone 6. The 6S Plus model remains the only
way to get optical image stabilization for photos and video, plus better battery
life. You'll need to pay extra to vault past the too-small storage of the
entry-level 16GB version.

The cost: $449.99 (refurbished) to $889.99

The bottom line: The newest iPhones are top-to-bottom better phones with lots of
enhancements; iPhone 6 owners don't need the upgrade, but everyone else should
seriously consider it.

The following CNET staff contributed to this story: Senior EditorJessica
Dolcourt, Senior Editor Scott Stein and Senior Editor Laura K. Cucullu. For more
reviews of personal technology products, please visit www.cnet.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              934 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            March 30, 2016 Wednesday

Ally Bank Adds Apple Pay® for iPhone® to List of Services Available to Customers
Via Mobile Device

LENGTH: 281 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 MIDVALE, Utah: Ally Bank, the direct banking subsidiary of Ally Financial Inc.
(NYSE: ALLY), today announced it is offering customers with debit cards access
to Apple Pay®, a simple and secure way to pay for goods and services with a
compatible Apple mobile device.


 In participating stores, Apple Pay will work with iPhone® 6, iPhone 6 Plus and
Apple Watch®, upon availability. Within apps, Apple Pay is compatible with
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air® 2 and iPad mini&trade; 3. Once a customer
has entered their Ally Bank debit card information on a device, they will be
ready to make payments with Apple Pay at supported merchants.
 "Given the growing use of mobile devices, offering Apple Pay to our customers
is yet another way we are making banking convenient and simple," said Diane
Morais, chief executive officer and president of Ally Bank. "But we're not
stopping there: our team is currently working on supporting two other mobile pay
options &ndash; Android Pay® and Samsung Pay&trade; &ndash; to bring mobile
payments services to a broader base of Ally Bank customers."
 To pay at checkout, users simply hold their mobile device near a contactless
reader and authorize the payment using a passcode or Touch ID®, and a subtle
vibration and beep will confirm that the payment has been processed.
 In addition to being easy to use, Apple Pay provides a secure form of payment.
Since the card data is encrypted and not stored on Apple servers, it is
inaccessible if the mobile device is either lost or stolen. In addition, the
retailer or merchant never has direct access to a consumer's card details.
 Android Pay and Samsung Pay support are expected to launch later this year.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              935 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                   Arab News

                          September 27, 2014 Saturday

Apple sorry for software glitch, defends new iPhones

LENGTH: 697 words


A man holds an iPhone 6 in a mobile phone shop. (Reuters)


Agence Frane Presse

WASHINGTON: Apple made a rare apology for a software bug that has seen iPhone
users lose service, while seeking to quell a storm over reports that its new
handsets are susceptible to bending.
The slew of negative headlines saw a steep drop in Apple stock, as the US tech
giant acknowledged the software glitch, offering a temporary fix immediately and
a full update "in the next few days."
But Apple sought to minimize reports on bending of its newly released oversize
iPhone -- one analyst described the damaging claims as "a black eye" for Apple
-- saying it had only received nine complaints about the matter.


"Our iPhones are designed, engineered and manufactured to be both beautiful and
sturdy," a spokeswoman said in an e-mail to AFP.
"They also feature stainless steel and titanium inserts to reinforce high-stress
locations and use the strongest glass in the smartphone industry."
The statement said that "with normal use a bend in iPhone is extremely rare and
through our first six days of sale, a total of nine customers have contacted
Apple with a bent iPhone 6 Plus."
Apple offered a "workaround" to the software glitch after numerous users
complained on social media and online forums that the iOS 8.0.1 update left
their phones largely inoperable.
The update, which was released and then pulled within hours Wednesday, had been
developed to add in fitness monitoring programs which were omitted from the iOS
8 platform released last week.
"We have a workaround for you if you have an iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus and you
lost cellular service and Touch ID functionality today after updating to iOS
8.0.1," Apple said.
The California company released fully updated iOS 8.0.2 software late on
Thursday to fix the problem, but it was not immediately clear if that had done
the trick.
It is further embarrassment to Apple after some users posted comments about
bends in the bodies of the oversize iPhone 6 Plus when carried in trouser
pockets.
On the MacRumors forum of Apple users, one iPhone buyer noted that, after
carrying the handset in a front pocket for 18 hours, "I saw the reflection of
the window in the iPhone slightly distorted."
The user posted a picture of the bent phone, and dozens posted similar
complaints on Twitter, using the hashtag #BendGate.
"It's certainly a black eye for Apple," said Roger Kay, analyst at Endpoint
Technologies Associates.
Kay said the software glitch "is not a major problem, they can fix that."
More serious, said Kay, is the whether Apple's new "phablet" will be viewed as
too fragile for some buyers.

"The bending problem is baked into the design of the phone so it's something
they can't just fix," Kay said. "They're committed to this design."
The analyst said Apple may offer some compensation to buyers or it may take a
"hardball" approach by saying, "you're not supposed to abuse your phone or sit
on your phone, you're supposed to treat it like a piece of electronics."
Brian White, analyst at the brokerage Cantor Fitzgerald, said the problems were
blown out of proportion and that the share drop offered a good buying
opportunity for Apple stocks.
"Let's get real," White said in a note to clients, calling the concerns about
bending "irrational."
"After taking both new iPhones for a spin at Apple's special event, and again
this week in Hong Kong, concerns with bending the iPhones never crossed our mind
as both felt very durable," he said.
"As such, we believe this concern offers investors an opportunity to take
advantage of this media-hyped situation and participate in what we believe is
the next 'super cycle' for Apple."
Apple said Monday it sold more than 10 million of the new smartphones in the
first three days since launching to fanfare in a handful of countries, setting a
new record for opening weekend sales as Apple diehards queued outside shops for
days.
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were launched on Friday in the US, Britain,
Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico and Singapore.

They will be available in more than 20 additional countries on September 26, and
115 countries by the end of the year.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 9


           Copyright 2014 Arab News - Saudi Research & Publishing Co.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              936 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                    September 25, 2014 Thursday 3:38 PM GMT

Bending iPhone 6 Plus: Users say Apple's new device bends in pockets

BYLINE: Robin de Peyer

SECTION: HOME

LENGTH: 353 words


Owners of the new iPhone 6 Plus have complained that it bends in their pockets.

Reports of the unusual design flaw have flooded Twitter and online forums since
the new model was released to the public on Friday.

And a video of someone applying force to the phone and bending its screen was
viewed almost three million times in around 24 hours after it was posted on
YouTube.

The fault is only believed to be affecting the iPhone 6 Plus - the larger of two
new models unveiled by Apple this month.

The technology giant reported it had sold a record-breaking 10 million of the
new devices worldwide within three days of them going on sale.

The iPhone 6 Could Bend In Your Pocket... !! haha.. love u APPLE
pic.twitter.com/MJV2s5kT1a - Nelson Cardoz (@nelsoncardoz) September 23, 2014

But some of those who bought the more expensive 6 Plus model, which boasts a
5.5-inch display, have complained the device is no longer straight after being
kept in trouser pockets.

One owner posted a picture of a curved device apparently belonging to his friend
on Apple forum MacRumors.

"Put it in his front pocket and it was like this when he took it out after
getting out of the car," he wrote.

Oups, l'iPhone 6 se déforme dans la poche !
http://t.co/szFfovaHB7pic.twitter.com/Zru9uozhMU - Florian Paulmier
(@FlorianP123) September 23, 2014

Lewis Hilsenteger, of Unbox Therapy, said in a video in which he apparently
verified the claims: "Unfortunate, but under the pressure of my hands, it does
bend quite significantly."

Another Twitter user posted a picture of an apparently bent iPhone alongside the
caption: "Putting a phone in your pocket is irresponsible and reckless abuse".

It comes after rumours circulated that the new models of iPhone could feature a
deliberately flexible display.

But as Apple made no announcement about the feature it is possible the
flexibility is a design flaw caused by the phone's lightweight aluminium body.

Related stories

Users complained of similar problems after the launches of the iPhone 4 and 5
models.

Apple has not responded to the reports and has so far not commented when asked
to by the Evening Standard.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2014 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              937 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                    September 25, 2014 Thursday 8:20 AM GMT

Bending iPhone 6 Plus: Users say Apple's new device bends in pockets

BYLINE: Robin de Peyer

SECTION: HOME

LENGTH: 353 words


Owners of the new iPhone 6 Plus have complained that it bends in their pockets.

Reports of the unusual design flaw have flooded Twitter and online forums since
the new model was released to the public on Friday.

And a video of someone applying force to the phone and bending its screen was
viewed almost three million times in around 24 hours after it was posted on
YouTube.

The fault is only believed to be affecting the iPhone 6 Plus - the larger of two
new models unveiled by Apple this month.

The technology giant reported it had sold a record-breaking 10 million of the
new devices worldwide within three days of them going on sale.

The iPhone 6 Could Bend In Your Pocket... !! haha.. love u APPLE
pic.twitter.com/MJV2s5kT1a- Nelson Cardoz (@nelsoncardoz) September 23, 2014

But some of those who bought the more expensive 6 Plus model, which boasts a
5.5-inch display, have complained the device is no longer straight after being
kept in trouser pockets.

One owner posted a picture of a curved device apparently belonging to his friend
on Apple forum MacRumors.

"Put it in his front pocket and it was like this when he took it out after
getting out of the car," he wrote.

Oups, l'iPhone 6 se déforme dans la poche !
http://t.co/szFfovaHB7pic.twitter.com/Zru9uozhMU- Florian Paulmier
(@FlorianP123) September 23, 2014

Lewis Hilsenteger, of Unbox Therapy, said in a video in which he apparently
verified the claims: "Unfortunate, but under the pressure of my hands, it does
bend quite significantly."

Another Twitter user posted a picture of an apparently bent iPhone alongside the
caption: "Putting a phone in your pocket is irresponsible and reckless abuse".

It comes after rumours circulated that the new models of iPhone could feature a
deliberately flexible display.

But as Apple made no announcement about the feature it is possible the
flexibility is a design flaw caused by the phone's lightweight aluminium body.

Related stories

Users complained of similar problems after the launches of the iPhone 4 and 5
models.

Apple has not responded to the reports and has so far not commented when asked
to by the Evening Standard.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2014 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              938 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                           September 18, 2016 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

iPhone 7 is heaven;
...BUT THE PRICE IS HELLISH

SECTION: FEATURES; OPINION COLUMN; Pg. 45

LENGTH: 637 words


APPLE'S iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are now in shops.

Here's my verdict after I got an early go on them.

The two phones are identical but for screen size, battery and camera - so there
are some key points to consider.

At long last, this iPhone is WATER RESISTANT - and dustproof. This is good news
if you have had a skinful down the pub and drop it down the loo.

We tested the phone by putting it down the pan and I was able to call the Editor
right after - well, after I had washed it under a tap and towelled it off.

My builder mates also liked the sound of the dustproof feature.

The CAMERA is a key area where the Plus is vastly better than the 7 and
predecessors.

The "dual lens" means that for the first time you can zoom in without losing
quality.

One is a normal wide-angle lens and the other is "telephoto" - which takes snaps
the same as a 2x zoom.

To fit the zoom lenses found on normal digital cameras into a phone would mean
making it much thicker or having a bulge.

But I didn't have to worry about which one to use, as the Plus switches between
them as you zoom.

Both devices get a more detailed selfie camera. And the standard-sized iPhone
gets imagestabilisation - which stops shaking hands blurring a shot.

Controversially, both phones have NO HEADPHONE JACK. But Apple got it right
ditching the floppy disc and DVD drive so I will not bet against them just yet.

Also, there are headphones in the box with a lead that plugs into the lightning
socket, plus an adapter so that ordinary ones can be plugged in too.

But the future - if you can afford them - are the new breed of clever wireless
headphones, such as Apple's own AIRPODS.

They turn on as soon as you pop them in your ear, pause tunes when you take them
out and use a fraction of the power of normal Bluetooth headphones.

At £159, I think they cost too much unless you want the latest tech - especially
as other firms will soon start to make cheaper ones too.

I was disappointed there was no new DESIGN. Apple normally changes the design
every two years - and this is the third year without a revamp. The last was the
6 and 6 Plus from 2014.

But I was won over by the two new colours: "jet black" with a high-gloss finish
and "black" with a matte one.

Both look much sleeker than the drab space-grey they replace which, let's be
honest, was no one's first choice.

The jet black will top many people's list but it does pick up fingerprints.

Another key boost is the BRAIN. The new "A10 Fusion" processor is 40 per cent
faster than the one in the 6s and twice as speedy as the one in the No headphone
jack 6, making apps do stuff quicker.

BATTERY LIFE is also upped - the 7 lasts nearly two hours longer and the 7 Plus
another extra hour. That's partly because the new processor uses less power plus
there is a bigger battery in the space vacated by the headphone jack.

So SHOULD YOU UPGRADE? Compared to older models, the water resistance and - on
the Plus, especially - a better camera are key improvements.

If you have last year's model, can live without those and don't need the
slightly better battery and faster brain, stick with what you have.

But if you have a 6, 6 Plus or older then go for it.

The new phones will appear lightning fast and take better snaps. If you still
have the 5s model or older, you also get the bigger screen.

The other thing to consider is next year's iPhone - due ten years after the
first.

That is tipped to be a more radical upgrade, looking very different with more
new features.

The 7 costs from £599 to £799 and the 7 Plus from £719 to £789 depending on data
storage capacity.

Phones will be cheaper on two-year deals - for example, EE has them from £49.99
upfront.

The iPhone is one of the priciest phones around - to buy outright or on
contract.

iPhone 7 waterproof Perhaps hold on for a couple of months and networks should
lower prices a bit.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN


                    Copyright 2016 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              939 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                           September 15, 2015 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Apple's newest phones expected to set worldwide sales records

BYLINE: James Titcomb

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 460 words


APPLE'S new iPhone models are set to become the fastest-selling smartphones of
all time after the company said it was on track to exceed last year's
recordbreaking opening weekend.

"We are on pace to beat last year's 10 million unit first-weekend record when
the new iPhones go on sale [on] September 25," Apple said. "Customer response to
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus has been extremely positive and preorders this
weekend were very strong around the world."

Pre-orders of the next generation of iPhone opened on Saturday after Apple
unveiled the new devices last week, and many models are already sold out in
certain parts of the world, with consumers already facing weeks of delays for
online orders to be dispatched.

Last year's iPhones, the 6 and 6 Plus, became the fastest-selling smartphones of
all time, selling 4m units in their first 24 hours. In the UK, new orders of the
iPhone 6s Plus - the larger of the two models Apple unveiled last week - are not
expected to be released for up to four weeks. In China, the world's biggest
smartphone market and a key target for Apple, all models of the new handset face
a backlog of at least two weeks. This is the first time Apple is taking
pre-orders in China at the same time as the rest of its major markets.

Shares opened 2.3 per cent higher on Monday in response to the positive news.

still listed as being available from September 25, the official date that the
new iPhones go on sale. That is except for the new "rose gold" model, new orders
of which will be dispatched in up to three weeks. Apple introduced the pink-ish
hue for the first time this year, in what is seen as an attempt to appeal to
customers in China.

"While there are still unknowns about inventory levels, we note that China
demand in particular looks very strong out of the gates and is a positive sign
that the white-hot momentum out of this region shows no signs of abating despite
macro headwinds out of China," said Daniel Ives, technology specialist at US
investment bank FBR Capital.

Apple is launching iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in 12 countries this year. That is
bigger than the iPhone 6 launch, which debuted in nine countries and did not
include China.

Human error Google opts for computers to pick songs

Google's Eric Schmidt has suggested that Apple's music streaming service is a
decade behind the times by opting to enlist human DJs rather than artificial
intelligence to pick songs. The chairman of Alphabet, Google's parent company,
said using software to recommend songs to listeners was "less elitist" and "much
more democratic".

Mr Schmidt did not mention Apple Music by name, but his comments come just a few
months after Apple Music, Apple's to Spotify and other streaming services, was
launched. Apple Music uses human editors.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Demand for Apple's newest iPhones is expected to outstrip that of
previous models, such as the 4S, launched in the UK in 2011 (above)OLI
SCARFF/GETTY IMAGES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2015 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              940 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                           September 14, 2014 Sunday

Sales of iPhone 5s cases to drop amid iPhone 6 demand

BYLINE: Sarah Algethami Staff Reporter

LENGTH: 402 words


Dubai: Retailers in the UAE expect a decline in sales of iPhone 5s cases in the
next few weeks as consumers look to buy the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
smartphones.

The iPhones were revealed last week at Apple's launch event for the devices.

With the new smartphones expected to be available in the UAE later this month,
retailers will sell iPhone 5s cases in smaller quantities and at lower prices in
the weeks ahead.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which come in sizes of 4.7 and 5.5 inches
respectively, are larger than their predecessor, the four-inch iPhone 5s. So
consumers that are looking to buy the new smartphones will need to buy cases
that actually fit.

Jacky's sales of iPhone 5s cases could drop "as much as 50 per cent in the next
few weeks," said Ashish Panjabi, COO of the consumer electronics retailer.

Similarly, Virgin Megastore Middle East's sales of iPhone 5s cases will have "a
gradual decline that will not be in the double digit figure before the second
quarter of next year," said Nisreen Shocair, the company's president.

No major drop

Even with the interest that the iPhone 6 smartphones have attracted in the UAE,
demand for iPhone 5s cases "won't totally dry-up" as consumers that have bought
the iPhone are likely to use them for another year or two, Panjabi said.

Virgin will continue to sell iPhone 5s cases for at least another two years,
according to Shocair.

Prices of iPhone 5s cases are unlikely to drop significantly, retailers said.

"We don't anticipate any major price drops [for iPhone 5s cases] as we had
anticipated this and adjusted our inventory accordingly.  If there are
individual brands or suppliers stuck with inventory, they may offer us clearance
deals which we will pass on to consumers," Panjabi said.

Neelesh Bhatnagar, CEO of consumer electronics retailer Emax, expects prices of
the iPhone 5s to drop, too.

Retailers expect the cases, which will be available in leather and silicone, to
be sold in the UAE when the new iPhones land in stores. Virgin said that it
expects to receive stock of iPhone 6 cases starting this week. Some retailers
were not able to say how much they expect to sell the iPhone 6 cases. Emax,
though, expects them to be priced between Dh99 and Dh199.

The smartphone accessory market was worth $20 billion (Dh73.4 billion) in 2012,
and is projected to reach $38 billion in 2017, according to ABI Research, a
technology market intelligence company.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2014 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              941 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                        May 8, 2016 Sunday 02:59 PM EST

iPhone Rumor Rollup: Things You Can't Live Without; New life for headphone jack;
battery booster

BYLINE: Bob Brown

SECTION: NEWSANALYSIS

LENGTH: 426  words


Click for image

While iPhone users might want it all - thinner, faster, indestructible -iPhone 7
might not quite have all those things, with Apple making the usual trade-offs
between power and elegance.

BIGGER BATTERY

The latest rumors, started via leaked photos on the Chinese Twitter (Weibo),
suggest Apple has higher capacity batteries in the works for its next flagship
smartphones: we're talking 1735 mAH and 2810 mAH for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus vs.
1715 mAH and 2750 mAH for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus (the 6 and 6 Plus actually had
smaller batteries than their predecessors).

9to5Mac, picking up on the Weibo tip, notes that higher capacity doesn't
necessarily mean longer battery life, even though battery life continues to be a
drag for many iPhone users. "Although additional capacity gives the device more
power budget to play with, the efficiency of the components will influence the
final battery life ratings," 9to5Mac writes.

Perhaps with the increased availability of power-boosting iPhone cases, Apple
figures it can still get away without significantly boosting battery life.

HEADPHONE JACK IS BACK?

If there's one thing we've known for sure about the iPhone 7 is that it would
not include a traditional 3.5mm headphone jack. It was even tipped in Apple's
iOS 9.3 beta code. But according to the latest scuttlebutt, even this sure thing
isn't to be believed.

Once again it is the dynamic duo of Weibo and 9to5Mac we have to thank for
giving this story life. An image posted on Weibo seems to show an iPhone 7
component with a regular headphone jack. Rumor has had it that Apple would
boldly ditch the 3.5mm jack and force customers to go with a proprietary
Lightning connector-enabled headset, or perhaps better yet, Bluetooth-enabled
wireless AirBuds.

Meanwhile, those who have invested heavily in nice headsets are hoping that they
won't have to buy another stupid adapter to prolong the life of their
investments.

COOKING UP GREAT NEW FEATURES

 Apple's had a tough time of late on Wall Street after reporting a smartphone
sales slump, but CEO Tim Cook assures us that everyone is overreacting. And of
course, why wouldn't people react to a company that prefaces everything it does
with words like brilliant and magical and special?

Cook attempted to get people in off their ledges by affirming with CNBC's Jim
Cramer that "We are going to give you things that you can't live without, that
you just don't even know you need today."

And who doesn't want to see what that's going to be. I don't think he's
referring merely to Airbuds and a bigger battery.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              942 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           September 15, 2014 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Dial down impatience for iPhone 6;
Expect long lines, waits for Apple's latest product

BYLINE: Jefferson Graham, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 323 words


Hoping to snag a new iPhone Friday?

Get ready to either stand in a long line or wait until late September or early
October.

Pre-orders for the new Apple iPhone 6 and larger iPhone 6 Plus began Friday and
many outlets sold out quickly.

The 6 Plus, Apple's largest iPhone to date with a 5.5-inch screen, is totally
gone: Apple says online orders will be fulfilled within three to four weeks.

The iPhone 6, boasting a 4.7-inch screen, up from the iPhone 5s's 4-inch LCD, is
mostly sold out on pre-orders at various outlets, with sporadic availability as
of Sunday. Verizon Wireless still had models, but T-Mobile and Sprint were sold
out. AT&T had the gold iPhone 6 available.

Your only option if you want the new phone Friday: Put in the time at Apple
stores, wireless carriers or retailers who carry the iPhone, such as Walmart,
Target and Best Buy.

"There are going to be ridiculously huge lines," says Tim Bajarin, an analyst
with Creative Strategies. "Demand for iPhone 6 is so high."

Despite the pre-order frenzy, stores will have phones for the weekend. But they
are expected to sell out quickly due to three factors:

Immense interest in the new iPhone from Apple customers with older iPhones.
Bajarin estimates a pool of 100 million people have been waiting to upgrade from
the iPhone 5 and earlier models.

Apple's traditional manufacturing supply constraints getting tens of millions of
new devices off the assembly line in the first weeks of a launch.

Fewer international countries -- just 10 -- will have the iPhone available
Friday than last time. Notable omissions include China, Russia, Spain, Italy and
New Zealand. More countries get the new iPhones on Sept. 26.

If you're planning to wait in line, here's a tip:

Richard Doherty, an Envisioneering Group analyst, says it's not a given that
Apple Stores will get most of phones. He suggests seeking a local Walmart that's
open 24 hours: "At least you don't have to stand out in the rain."

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2014 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              943 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Al Sharq (Qatar - Arabic)

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

                                  تعرف على موعد وصول هاتف "أيفون 7 وبلس" إلى قطر

LENGTH: 235 words



                                              هاتف أيفون 7 الجديد الدوحة - الشرق

                                             أوريدو تستقبل طلبات الحجز 16 الجاري

 أعلنت Ooredoo اليوم أنها ستوفر لعملائها هاتفي iPhone 7 وiPhone 7 Plus الجديدين،
              واللذين يعدا الجهازين الأفضل والأكثر تطوراً على الإطلاق من iPhone.


وسيحتوي الإصدارين الجديدين من iPhone على نظام كاميرا متطور وجديد بالكامل، وقد تم
  تصميم الهاتف ليكون مقاوماً للماء والغبار، كما يحتوي الهاتف على نظام سماعات صوت
    ستيريو وشريحة معالج A10 Fusion التي تعد الشريحة الأقوى بالنسبة لأي هاتف ذكي،
إضافة إلى عمر بطارية هو الأفضل على الإطلاق بالنسبة لجميع إصدارات iPhone السابقة.

  ويمكن للعملاء طلب هاتفي iPhone 7 و iPhone 7 Plus مسبقاً، اعتباراً من 16 سبتمبر
    2016، وسيكون الهاتفان متوفرين في مراكز Ooredoo و عبر الإنترنت من خلال الرابط
                                                                 ooredoo.qa/buy.

   وسيكون هاتفا iPhone 7 وiPhone 7 Plus متوافقان مع أحدث تحسينات Ooredoo لشبكتها
       سوبرنت وهي المعيار Category 9 LTE-Advanced Standard، الذي يمكن العملاء من
                                استخدام سرعات تنزيل تصل إلى 325 ميغابت بالثانية.

 وتوفر Ooredoo مجموعة من باقات البيانات تناسب جميع الإمكانيات، وتتراوح من 3 ر.ق.
  يومياً لكمية بيانات تبلغ 150 ميغابايت على خدمة هلا، وحتى 500 ر.ق. لباقة بيانات
                                                            الشهري غير المحدودة.

 ويعمل هاتفا iPhone 7 و iPhone 7 Plus بنظام تشغيلiOS 10 ، والذي يعد أكبر إصدارات
  أنظمة تشغيل الهواتف الجوالة على الإطلاق وأكثرها تطوراً في العالم. وستكون أجهزة
                 iPhone 6 وiPhone 6 Plus وiPhone 6s وiPhone 6s Plus متوفرة كذلك.

                                               جميع الحقوق محفوظة  2016 Al-Sharq

                         http://imgs.syndigate.info/923/2717/32/147351897050.jpg

                                                             هاتف أيفون 7 الجديد


LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ARABIC; العربية

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 2717


             Copyright 2016 Abha Chamber of Commerce and Industry.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              944 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          September 16, 2014, Tuesday

Record 4M orders of iPhones on 1st day

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. P6A

LENGTH: 296 words


NEW YORK - Apple had more than 4 million advance orders of its new, larger
iPhones in the first 24 hours, exceeding its initial supply, the company said
Monday.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be delivered to customers starting Friday
and throughout September, but many won't be delivered until October, Apple said.
Phones will still be available Friday on a walk-in basis at Apple retail stores
and from various wireless carriers and authorized Apple resellers.

Apple's website had intermittent outages last Friday because of heavy traffic as
orders began online. The company said the 4 million orders set a new 24-hour
record, beating the 2 million orders in 2012. That was for the iPhone 5, the
previous time Apple increased the iPhone's screen size.

Last year, Apple sold 9 million iPhone 5s and iPhone 5c phones in the first
three days they were on sale, but the company didn't say how many came in the
first 24 hours of advance orders.

The iPhone 5, 5s and 5c have screens measuring 4 inches diagonally. The iPhone 6
is 4.7 inches, and the iPhone 6 Plus is 5.5 inches.

Besides larger screens, the new phones announced last week offer faster
performance and a wireless chip for making credit card payments at retail stores
by holding the phone near the payment terminal.

The phones start at $199 with a two-year service contact.

The new phones will initially be available in the U.S., Australia, Canada,
France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the U.K.
Availability will expand to more than 20 additional countries a week later.

A free update to Apple's iOS software for mobile devices will be available to
existing users on Wednesday. The new phones will come with the update, known as
iOS 8.

Apple's stock rose 30 cents to $101.96 in midday trading Monday.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              945 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Al Watan (Saudi Arabia - Arabic)

                           September 25, 2016 Sunday

                                           إقبال كبير على الآيفون 7 في «Ooredoo»

LENGTH: 217 words



       أعلنت Ooredoo عن إطلاق هاتفي iPhone 7 وiPhone 7 Plus، اللذين يعدان الأفضل
  والأكثر تطوراً على الإطلاق من iPhone، في قطر، صباح أمس السبت، ويحتوي الإصداران
 الجديدان على نظام كاميرا متطور وجديد بالكامل، كما تم تصميم الهاتف ليكون مقاوماً
   للماء والغبار، ويحتوي على نظام سماعات صوت ستيريو وشريحة معالج A10 Fusion التي
     تعد الشريحة الأقوى بالنسبة لأي هاتف ذكي، إضافة إلى عمر بطارية هو الأفضل على
                                   الإطلاق بالنسبة لجميع إصدارات iPhone السابقة.


    ويمكن للعملاء الحصول على هاتفي iPhone 7 وiPhone 7 Plus في مراكز Ooredoo وعبر
                                        موقع الشركة على الإنترنت www.ooredoo.qa.

   وخلال حفل الإطلاق الذي أقامته الشركة بقاعة المجلس في فندق الشيراتون من الساعة
     12:00 منتصف الليل وحتى الساعة 04:00 فجراً، أوفت Ooredoo بوعدها وقامت بتوفير
    الهواتف لجميع الذين طلبوها مسبقاً دون استثناء، معززة بذلك سمعتها بكونها شركة
                      يمكن الاعتماد عليها لتوفير أحدث ما توصلت إليه التكنولوجيا.

ويتوفر هاتفا iPhone 7 وiPhone 7 Plus باللون الأسود والأسود اللامع والفضي والذهبي
   والذهبي الوردي. كما يمكن للعملاء الاختيار بين سعات 32 أو 128 أو 256 غيغابايت.
      وتبدأ أسعار الأجهزة الجديدة من 2.799 ريال لهاتف iPhone 7 و3.199 ريال لهاتف
                                                                  iPhone 7 Plus.

   ويعمل هاتفا iPhone 7 وiPhone 7 Plus بنظام تشغيلiOS 10، والذي يعد أكبر إصدارات
  أنظمة تشغيل الهواتف الجوالة على الإطلاق وأكثرها تطوراً في العالم. وستكون أجهزة
                 iPhone 6 وiPhone 6 Plus وiPhone 6s وiPhone 6s Plus متوفرة كذلك.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ARABIC; العربية

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 24


                Copyright 2016 Assir Est. for Press & Publishing
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              946 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                     September 9, 2014 Tuesday 7:51 PM GMT

Apple introduces new iPhone 6 Plus

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 864 words


Apple has introduced a new bigger iPhone for the first time, called the iPhone 6
Plus.

At an event in California, CEO Tim Cook said: "Today we're launching the biggest
advancement in the history of iPhone."

The new iPhone 6 Plus comes with a 5.5-inch screen, compared to the four-inch
screen of the current generation iPhone 5s.

Apple also introduced the iPhone 6, which is also larger, now coming with a
4.7-inch screen. Both devices also have what Apple call "ion-strengthened glass"
screens.

The larger of the two new devices, the 6 Plus, also allows for apps such as
Messages and Mail to be displayed in landscape orientation for the first time.

The firm also confirmed a new processor chip, the A8, which will be used to
power new apps and games, with partnerships with game studios including Disney
and EA also confirmed on stage by Apple's Phil Schiller.

The Cupertino-based technology giant had been expected to announce two new
iPhones, with speculation and alleged leaks appearing online over the last few
weeks.

The new iPhone devices will ship on September 19, with the company's new mobile
operating system, iOS 8, becoming available on iPhone 4s and above from
September 17.

Mr Schiller confirmed that the new iPhone 6 will be priced at 199 US dollars
(£123) for the 16GB model, going up to 399 US dollars (£248) for the 128GB
model. The iPhone 6 Plus will start at 299 US dollars (£185).

Apple has also announced plans to enter the payment market.

"Our vision is to replace the wallet and we're going to start with payments",
said Mr Cook.

He also called magnetic strips on credit cards "outdated and vulnerable" before
introducing Apple's take on the area.

"We love this kind of problem. This is what Apple does best. We've created a new
payment process and it's called Apple Pay," he added.

The new software uses the fingerprint scanner on your phone and native payment
apps to allow users to pay for products by touching their iPhone to payment
outlets.

It uses near-field communication (NFC) technology, used in existing contactless
payments, and the company's own Passbook app to secure your details.

The Find My iPhone app would be used to track and suspend your account if the
device is stolen.

"We are not in the business of collecting your data", said Apple, confirming
that all Apple Pay transactions are not logged by the company.

Major retailers have already signed up to use Apple Pay in their stores,
including Toys R US and Staples.

Online, it is also possible to pay within some apps. For now, the technology is
just been introduced in the US.

Apple has entered the smartwatch market for the first time, with the Apple
Watch.

"I am so excited and I am so proud to share it with you this morning. It is the
next chapter in Apple's story," said Mr Cook.

"Apple Watch is most personal device we've ever created."

The Apple Watch was described as a comprehensive health and fitness interface,
and the traditional watch crown, which Apple calls the Digital Crown, is used to
control the interface. Mr Cook compared it to the innovation of the mouse on the
Mac, and click wheel on the iPod. The crown can be used to scroll through lists
as well as zoom in on images and maps.

A huge array of designs and straps were shown on-stage, before the audience rose
to give Mr Cook a standing ovation. "It's incredibly customisable", he said. The
Apple Watch works directly with iPhone, but has its own native version of iOS.

Rivals Samsung launched their first smartwatch last year, and currently have
several on the market. This is Apple's first piece of wearable technology and
also follows on from Google introducing their Glass headset, and Android Wear
smartwatches.

The Apple Watch has a flexible Retina display, and the screen can sense force
used when tapping it. Apple also confirmed that the device will come in two
sizes.

There are three collections of the Apple Watch - Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport
and Apple Watch Edition.

The new Apple Watch can be completely customised to suit the style of the user,
and also comes with Apple's voice assistant Siri. It will also work with Apple
Pay.

The watch can also be used to personally communicate with friends - tapping
their name and sending a vibration to the sensor in their own device. Apple also
say it is possible to send a replica of your heartbeat to another user. Apple
call it Digital Touch, and it also supports drawing pictures and messages on
screen in order to communicate.

The device will also be available to app developers through a software
development kit, and the Twitter app was demonstrated on stage. Navigation is
also on offer through the Maps app.

Apple Watch also comes with health-focused apps called Fitness and Workout,
which measure movement and fitness in detail. This will put it in direct
competition with Samsung, and the S Health app that Android users turn to for
their health and fitness tracking by combining their smartphone and watch.

It can also be used to control Apple TV, as well as serving as a remote control
for the camera on a connected iPhone.

Mr Cook confirmed that the Apple Watch will start at 349 US dollars, and will go
on sale on early in 2015. "It is worth the wait", he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2014 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              947 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                             May 18, 2016 Wednesday

Why is iPhone 7 held up

LENGTH: 583 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, May 18 -- Apple is expected to launch a next-gen 4.7-inch "iPhone 7"
this September, within its usual timeframe. The previous iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s
design will be changed, as Apple is believed to be planning an all-new chassis
that will eliminate the camera "bump," as well as visible antenna bands. Expect
a faster processor, better camera, and potentially the elimination of the 3.5mm
headphone jack, requiring either Lightning or Bluetooth headphones.

Appearance & Design

Early reports suggest Apple's next-gen iPhone will be even thinner than current
models, potentially between 6.0 to 6.5mm thick. The slimmed down chassis is also
expected to boast a revamped design. Some rumors claim iPhone 7 will move away
from an all-metal construction to a new as-yet-unknown material, possibly
ceramic. Other rumblings point to a completely flat screen that does away with
curved edges found on iPhone 6s.

The phone may or may not be fully waterproof, which would be an evolution from
the iPhone 6s, which is only partially water-resistant. If the headphone jack
does disappear, it may be replaced with a second speaker. Recent schematic
"leaks" suggest Apple might delete the 3.5mm headphone jack on the "iPhone 7
Plus," while keeping it intact on the smaller 4.7-inch version.

Some case leaks have suggested the possibility of a Smart Connector and/or a
design without a home button. The iPad Pro can recharge through its Smart
Connector, so it's possible the addition of the

magnetic port to the iPhone 7 could allow new ways to dock or use an external
battery case without needing to rely on the Lightning port. Smart Connector
charging could also allow

users to listen to audio through the Lightning port while repowering the
battery.

Apple is thought to be preparing the usual two-model offering for 2016, likely
sticking with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screen sizes. There are strong rumors that a
4-inch iPhone will make an appearance, but similar rumors have circulated ever
since Apple moved to a larger format with the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

Internals

Due to its slimmer profile, iPhone 7 is expected to integrate existing 3D Touch
technology that detects pressure input via capacitive sensors embedded in the
handset's backlight array. Apple will likely introduce a new system-on-chip
design in 2016 which, if current naming conventions hold, should be dubbed A10.
An M10 motion coprocessor is also likely to make an appearance, potentially
embedded into the A-series SoC as with 2015's M9 design.

Apple reportedly tapped Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company to handle all
A10 processor orders, a change from iPhone 6s which saw its A9 dual-sourced from
TSMC and Samsung. The iPhone 7 and/or the 7 Plus may potentially be equipped
with a dual-lens camera, using two 12-megapixel sensors -- the second supporting
a 2-3x telephoto lens. Supply issues could theoretically limit the dual-lens
feature to a special model of the Plus, although one case leak suggests that the
standard iPhone 7 might at least have a very different camera design.

No hard evidence exists regarding Apple's iPhone 7 launch plans, but the company
traditionally debuts its smartphone in early September with sales following one
week later. With iPhone 6s, however, preorders went live two weeks prior to
shipments.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily News Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              948 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           November 10, 2015 Tuesday

Biz Break: Apple tumbles on warnings about iPhone sales

BYLINE: By George Avalos gavalos@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; News; Business; High-Tech; Columnists; Opinion;
Science and Tech; Columnists

LENGTH: 735 words


Today: Apple shares tumbled on Tuesday after an unsettling report from Wall
Street analyst Credit Suisse that suggested sales of the Cupertino tech giant's
iPhone 6 devices may be struggling. Also; Jive Software soars, Google Maps gets
new feature.

The lead: Apple slips on warnings of weak iPhone sales

Apple shares tumbled more than 3 percent on Tuesday after an unsettling report
from Wall Street analyst Credit Suisse that suggested sales of the Cupertino
tech giant's iPhone 6 devices may be struggling, but another investment firm,
FBR, stated that iPhone sales still look strong.

"Apple has lowered its component orders by as much as 10 percent, according to
our teams in Asia," a team led by Credit Suisse analyst Kulbinder Garcha wrote
in a research note Tuesday . "The cuts seem to be driven by weak demand for the
new iPhone 6s."

However, another Wall Street investment firm, FBR, disagreed with the Credit
Suisse assessment and stated that iPhone sales are just fine .

"We saw the same knife fight develop going into the much contentious September
quarter and Apple proved the skeptics wrong yet again," said Dan Ives, an
analyst with FBR. "We expect a very strong December quarter/holiday quarter on
healthy iPhone 6s demand and legacy iPhone 6 shipments."

The Credit Suisse analysts lowered their projections for calendar 2016 unit
builds for the iPhone 6 to 222 million units, down from the prior estimate of
242 million units. That would be 8.3 percent below the original estimate for
2016.

Credit Suisse also estimated that 2017 will bring iPhone build to 235 million
units, which would be 6 percent higher than the new 2016 prediction.

"In our view, the continued weak supply chain news could weigh on Apple shares
for the next few weeks or quarters," Credit Suisse stated in the note.

For all of calendar 2016, Apple should earn about $9.81 a share, which is about
6 percent below the prior estimate of $10.40, Credit Suisse predicted.

Both investment firms maintained an out-perform rating on Apple.

Among the reasons for future growth: Credit Suisse believes the installed base
for the iPhone will swell to 615 million over time, driven by its recent
expansion, which currently is growing by 24 percent a year. Plus, recently
launched installment plans to pay for the iPhone will drive unit sales long
term, the analysts stated.

"It is tempting to argue that this is now the beginning of the end of the iPhone
business' growth phase run. Indeed, with revenues now at around $155 billion, it
has clearly been a successful run. Despite this, we believe there is more to
come," Credit Suisse wrote in the note.

SV150 market report: Jive jumps on results, Google Maps gets new feature

Palo Alto-based Jive Software soared 9.2 percent higher in response to a
third-quarter report that beat expectations . The software company's loss was
smaller than predicted and revenue was stronger. Plus, Jive executives offered a
rosy outlook for the fourth quarter.

Mountain View-based Google is allowing people to use its Maps feature off-line
in circumstances when Internet service is spotty or non-existent. Google also
announced that its Chrome browser no longer will support Windows XP, Windows
Vista, and the Mac OS versions 10.6, 10.7 and 10.8 .

Menlo Park-based Facebook is offering photo recognition technology to its
Messenger app . The idea is to make it easier for people to send the photo to
other people in the image, or to groups of people.

Silicon Valley Big 10: Netflix up 2.6 percent, Facebook up 1.3 percent, Gilead
Sciences up 0.7 percent, Google owner Alphabet up 0.5 percent, saleforce.com up
0.04 percent, eBay down 0.1 percent, Intel down 0.4 percent, Oracle down 0.5
percent, Cisco Systems down 0.7 percent, Apple down 3.2 percent.

Silicon Valley tech stocks

Up: The biggest winners by percent change were Jive Software, Nektar
Therapeutics, Accuray, Depomed, Pandora Media.

Down: The biggest losers by percent change were Aemetis, SunPower, SolarCity,
Rocket Fuel, Gigamon.

The SV150 index of Silicon Valley's biggest companies: Down 2.45, or 0.14
percent, to 1,705.42.

The tech-focused Nasdaq composite index: Down 12.06, or 0.24 percent, to
5,083.24.

The blue chip Dow Jones industrial average: Up 27.73, or 0.16 percent, to
17,758.21.

And the broad-based Standard & Poor's 500 index: Up 3.14, or 0.15 percent, to
2,081.72.

Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com .

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: File-In this file photo from Friday, Sept. 19, 2014, people wait to buy
the new Apple iPhone 6 and 6 Plus devices outside an Apple store in Hong Kong.
Each year, Apple dazzles its devoted fans with faster, sleeker, more powerful
iPhones with better cameras and a bevy of bells and whistles. So, what's to
become of last year's model? Instead of sentencing it to a lonely existence in a
desk drawer, there are plenty of ways to reuse, recycle or resell older phones.
(AP Photo/Vincent Yu)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              949 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                           September 5, 2015 Saturday

Apple hopes to regain stride with iPad, Apple TV updates;
Tech giant faces pressure as declining growth in China could hurt company's
sales

BYLINE: Michael Lewis Toronto Star

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 702 words


When Apple Inc. CEO Tim Cook takes the stage in San Francisco Wednesday, he's
expected to unveil improved iPhones and a revamped Apple TV in the company's
annual hardware update.

But this year's event is anything but typical.

Unlike last September, when Cook debuted big-screen iPhones that spurred record
sales, global economies today are feeling the pain of a China-led slowdown that
has raised questions about Apple's ambitions in Asia.

Shares in the Cupertino-Calif.-based giant gave back most of the year's
21-per-cent gain during a late-August global markets meltdown. Analysts pointed
out that declining Chinese growth could hit spending on goods such as iPhones.

Apple is also facing tough competition in new product areas including wearable
computers, music streaming and mobile payments as it seeks to leverage its
iPhone customer base and diversify sales that are increasingly dependant on the
iconic device.

Against this backdrop, the Sept. 9 event has taken on wider relevance, playing
out against the macroeconomic worries and shifting investor sentiment on Apple
shares.

"We view this as critical for Apple to help turn the negative investor tide and
lay out its growth vision for the next year," said FBR analyst Dan Ives.

Apple, in its third-quarter earnings report in July, posted iPhone sales just
below forecasts and said iPad shipments dropped 18 per cent year over year as
mature markets approach saturation.

The company has been banking on China to pick up the slack and drive sales of
the iPhone, which now accounts for nearly two-thirds of Apple's revenue.

Annual GDP growth in China, however, has slowed to less than 7 per cent after
decades of double-digit expansion, leading to a currency devaluation that has
triggered a sell-off in Chinese equities.

Cook moved in late August to quell disquiet over China amid the market turmoil,
emailing CNBC to assert accelerating sales for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
and App Store in mainland China in July and August.

Despite the assurance, analysts at Cowen said in a note that "evidence of a
widespread demand reset from China is mounting."

The note cited drops in China business reported by bellwether U.S. firms
including construction equipment maker Caterpillar and defence contractor United
Technologies.

Apple, meanwhile, is not commenting on Wednesday's event after it sent
invitations to media under the banner "Hey Siri, give us a hint."

Rumours suggest it will reveal a fourth-generation TV set-top box that adds Siri
capabilities, motion sensors for gaming and a dedicated App Store - at a price
more than double its $69 (U.S.) predecessor.

Some analysts say Apple lags rivals such as Roku, Google's Chromecast and
Amazon's Fire TV in the interactive TV market, where it has not made significant
improvements to its device since 2012.

Upgrades to the iPhone 6 including a display feature allowing different actions
by light tap or deep press are also expected.

There may be an update of the iPad Mini 4 and debut of the long anticipated
12.9-inch iPad Pro aimed at enterprise.

The iPad Pro likely won't ship until fall, but could be unveiled to give
developers time to create new apps for the device.

Apple announced a partnership Monday with Cisco aimed at bringing more phones
and tablets to so-called prosumers amid weakness in consumer tablet sales.

FBR's Ives expects Cook will introduce the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus, which
upgrades the processor and camera of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus while
keeping the same dimensions and basic design.

He said the new models would come equipped with Force Touch, which will enable
developers to design new features that can be unlocked depending on how
forcefully the user presses down.

Apple has also reportedly been working on a new four-inch iPhone with the
capabilities of the iPhone 6 and a lower price, although blog site 9to5Mac said
the device is not yet ready to ship. It said Apple plans to discontinue the
iPhone 5c after the 6S and 6S Plus go on sale.

The company is also likely to introduce Apple Watch sports bands in new colours,
but analysts will be looking for any comment on sales of the device - the first
new product category since the death of Apple co-founder Steve Jobs in 2011.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2015 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              950 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 15, 2014 Monday

Washington: United Airlines bringing Apple's iPhone 6 Plus on board for flight
attendants

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Washington


Association of Fight Attendants-CWA has issued the following news release:

United Airlines announced the carrier will equip its flight attendants with
Apple's iPhone 6 Plus, putting important safety and service information at
flight attendants' fingertips while enhancing their ability to meet customers'
needs.

The airline will begin distribution to its more than 23,000 mainline flight
attendants during the second quarter of 2015. Upon introduction, the devices
will have the ability to handle most onboard retail transactions and will enable
access to company email, united.com and the company's Intranet as well as
policies and procedures manuals.

Future enhancements include replacing the flight attendants' printed safety
manual with an electronic version on their iPhones and providing real-time
reporting and improved follow-up on aircraft cabin issues and repairs.
Additionally, United plans to develop a number of customer-focused tools for the
device.

"We are thrilled to make this investment in our flight attendants," said Sam
Risoli, United's senior vice president of inflight services. "iPhone 6 Plus will
enable them to deliver an even higher level of flyer-friendly service and will
offer our flight attendants simple, one-touch access to valuable work
information, enabling them to better serve our customers."

The deployment of iPhone 6 Plus for United flight attendants follows the
airline's deployment of iPads to pilots beginning in 2011, in a move toward
creating paperless aircraft and flight decks. United has renewed the iPad pilot
program with iPad Air 2. - See more at:
http://www.traveldailynews.com/news/article/63761/united-airlines-bringing-apple
-s-iphone#sthash.7Z2H1lmi.dpuf

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              951 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                   September 10, 2014 Wednesday 10:59 AM GMT

Apple introduces new iPhone 6 Plus

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 864 words


Apple has introduced a new bigger iPhone for the first time, called the iPhone 6
Plus.

At an event in California, CEO Tim Cook said: "Today we're launching the biggest
advancement in the history of iPhone."

The new iPhone 6 Plus comes with a 5.5-inch screen, compared to the four-inch
screen of the current generation iPhone 5s.

Apple also introduced the iPhone 6, which is also larger, now coming with a
4.7-inch screen. Both devices also have what Apple call "ion-strengthened glass"
screens.

The larger of the two new devices, the 6 Plus, also allows for apps such as
Messages and Mail to be displayed in landscape orientation for the first time.

The firm also confirmed a new processor chip, the A8, which will be used to
power new apps and games, with partnerships with game studios including Disney
and EA also confirmed on stage by Apple's Phil Schiller.

The Cupertino-based technology giant had been expected to announce two new
iPhones, with speculation and alleged leaks appearing online over the last few
weeks.

The new iPhone devices will ship on September 19, with the company's new mobile
operating system, iOS 8, becoming available on iPhone 4s and above from
September 17.

Mr Schiller confirmed that the new iPhone 6 will be priced in the US at 199 US
dollars (£123) for the 16GB model, going up to 399 US dollars (£248) for the
128GB model. The iPhone 6 Plus will start at 299 US dollars (£185).

Apple has also announced plans to enter the payment market.

"Our vision is to replace the wallet and we're going to start with payments",
said Mr Cook.

He also called magnetic strips on credit cards "outdated and vulnerable" before
introducing Apple's take on the area.

"We love this kind of problem. This is what Apple does best. We've created a new
payment process and it's called Apple Pay," he added.

The new software uses the fingerprint scanner on your phone and native payment
apps to allow users to pay for products by touching their iPhone to payment
outlets.

It uses near-field communication (NFC) technology, used in existing contactless
payments, and the company's own Passbook app to secure your details.

The Find My iPhone app would be used to track and suspend your account if the
device is stolen.

"We are not in the business of collecting your data", said Apple, confirming
that all Apple Pay transactions are not logged by the company.

Major retailers have already signed up to use Apple Pay in their stores,
including Toys R US and Staples.

Online, it is also possible to pay within some apps. For now, the technology is
just been introduced in the US.

Apple has entered the smartwatch market for the first time, with the Apple
Watch.

"I am so excited and I am so proud to share it with you this morning. It is the
next chapter in Apple's story," said Mr Cook.

"Apple Watch is most personal device we've ever created."

The Apple Watch was described as a comprehensive health and fitness interface,
and the traditional watch crown, which Apple calls the Digital Crown, is used to
control the interface. Mr Cook compared it to the innovation of the mouse on the
Mac, and click wheel on the iPod. The crown can be used to scroll through lists
as well as zoom in on images and maps.

A huge array of designs and straps were shown on-stage, before the audience rose
to give Mr Cook a standing ovation. "It's incredibly customisable", he said. The
Apple Watch works directly with iPhone, but has its own native version of iOS.

Rivals Samsung launched their first smartwatch last year, and currently have
several on the market. This is Apple's first piece of wearable technology and
also follows on from Google introducing their Glass headset, and Android Wear
smartwatches.

The Apple Watch has a flexible Retina display, and the screen can sense force
used when tapping it. Apple also confirmed that the device will come in two
sizes.

There are three collections of the Apple Watch - Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport
and Apple Watch Edition.

The new Apple Watch can be completely customised to suit the style of the user,
and also comes with Apple's voice assistant Siri. It will also work with Apple
Pay.

The watch can also be used to personally communicate with friends - tapping
their name and sending a vibration to the sensor in their own device. Apple also
say it is possible to send a replica of your heartbeat to another user. Apple
call it Digital Touch, and it also supports drawing pictures and messages on
screen in order to communicate.

The device will also be available to app developers through a software
development kit, and the Twitter app was demonstrated on stage. Navigation is
also on offer through the Maps app.

Apple Watch also comes with health-focused apps called Fitness and Workout,
which measure movement and fitness in detail. This will put it in direct
competition with Samsung, and the S Health app that Android users turn to for
their health and fitness tracking by combining their smartphone and watch.

It can also be used to control Apple TV, as well as serving as a remote control
for the camera on a connected iPhone.

Mr Cook confirmed that the Apple Watch will start at 349 US dollars, and will go
on sale on early in 2015. "It is worth the wait", he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2014 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              952 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                     September 9, 2014 Tuesday 11:41 PM GMT

Apple introduces new iPhone 6 Plus

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 866 words


Apple has introduced a new bigger iPhone for the first time, called the iPhone 6
Plus.

At an event in California, CEO Tim Cook said: "Today we're launching the biggest
advancement in the history of iPhone."

The new iPhone 6 Plus comes with a 5.5-inch screen, compared to the four-inch
screen of the current generation iPhone 5s.

Apple also introduced the iPhone 6, which is also larger, now coming with a
4.7-inch screen. Both devices also have what Apple call "ion-strengthened glass"
screens.

The larger of the two new devices, the 6 Plus, also allows for apps such as
Messages and Mail to be displayed in landscape orientation for the first time.

The firm also confirmed a new processor chip, the A8, which will be used to
power new apps and games, with partnerships with game studios including Disney
and EA also confirmed on stage by Apple's Phil Schiller.

The Cupertino-based technology giant had been expected to announce two new
iPhones, with speculation and alleged leaks appearing online over the last few
weeks.

The new iPhone devices will ship on September 19, with the company's new mobile
operating system, iOS 8, becoming available on iPhone 4s and above from
September 17.

Mr Schiller confirmed that the new iPhone 6 will be priced in the US at 199 US
dollars (£123) for the 16GB model, going up to 399 US dollars (£248) for the
128GB model. The iPhone 6 Plus will start at 299 US dollars (£185).

Apple has also announced plans to enter the payment market.

"Our vision is to replace the wallet and we're going to start with payments",
said Mr Cook.

He also called magnetic strips on credit cards "outdated and vulnerable" before
introducing Apple's take on the area.

"We love this kind of problem. This is what Apple does best. We've created a new
payment process and it's called Apple Pay," he added.

The new software uses the fingerprint scanner on your phone and native payment
apps to allow users to pay for products by touching their iPhone to payment
outlets.

It uses near-field communication (NFC) technology, used in existing contactless
payments, and the company's own Passbook app to secure your details.

The Find My iPhone app would be used to track and suspend your account if the
device is stolen.

"We are not in the business of collecting your data", said Apple, confirming
that all Apple Pay transactions are not logged by the company.

Major retailers have already signed up to use Apple Pay in their stores,
including Toys R US and Staples.

Online, it is also possible to pay within some apps. For now, the technology is
just been introduced in the US.

Apple has entered the smartwatch market for the first time, with the Apple
Watch.

"I am so excited and I am so proud to share it with you this morning. It is the
next chapter in Apple's story," said Mr Cook.

"Apple Watch is most personal device we've ever created."

The Apple Watch was described as a comprehensive health and fitness interface,
and the traditional watch crown, which Apple calls the Digital Crown, is used to
control the interface. Mr Cook compared it to the innovation of the mouse on the
Mac, and click wheel on the iPod. The crown can be used to scroll through lists
as well as zoom in on images and maps.

A huge array of designs and straps were shown on-stage, before the audience rose
to give Mr Cook a standing ovation. "It's incredibly customisable", he said. The
Apple Watch works directly with iPhone, but has its own native version of iOS.

Rivals Samsung launched their first smartwatch last year, and currently have
several on the market. This is Apple's first piece of wearable technology and
also follows on from Google introducing their Glass headset, and Android Wear
smartwatches.

The Apple Watch has a flexible Retina display, and the screen can sense force
used when tapping it. Apple also confirmed that the device will come in two
sizes.

There are three collections of the Apple Watch - Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport
and Apple Watch Edition.

The new Apple Watch can be completely customised to suit the style of the user,
and also comes with Apple's voice assistant Siri. It will also work with Apple
Pay.

The watch can also be used to personally communicate with friends - tapping
their name and sending a vibration to the sensor in their own device. Apple also
say it is possible to send a replica of your heartbeat to another user. Apple
call it Digital Touch, and it also supports drawing pictures and messages on
screen in order to communicate.

The device will also be available to app developers through a software
development kit, and the Twitter app was demonstrated on stage. Navigation is
also on offer through the Maps app.

Apple Watch also comes with health-focused apps called Fitness and Workout,
which measure movement and fitness in detail. This will put it in direct
competition with Samsung, and the S Health app that Android users turn to for
their health and fitness tracking by combining their smartphone and watch.

It can also be used to control Apple TV, as well as serving as a remote control
for the camera on a connected iPhone.

Mr Cook confirmed that the Apple Watch will start at 349 US dollars, and will go
on sale on early in 2015. "It is worth the wait", he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2014 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              953 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

Fans start queueing for latest iPhone

SECTION: SINGAPORE

LENGTH: 186 words


VIETNAMESE student Cuong Nguyin is so keen to get his hands on his first
smartphone that he turned up at 9am yesterday at a Somerset mall to queue for
the new iPhone 6 Plus, 24 hours before it goes on sale.

The Kaplan Singapore student, who has a Nokia phone, started a queue of tech
fans at 313@somerset, all eager to buy Apple's latest offerings, the 4.7-inch
iPhone 6 and the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus.

The 22-year-old was eyeing the gold-coloured 64GB iPhone 6 Plus retailing at
$1,288. He said: "I don't have so much money. I had to save for a year."

By 5pm, there were more than 100 people behind him, including two Apple fans who
had flown in from Thailand. The new iPhones do not go on sale there until
November.

The earliest person spotted in a queue for the new gadget was at Bedok Mall at
5am yesterday, wearing a surgical face mask. Some customers admitted they were
were planning to sell their purchases.

Taiwanese student Jeremy Huang, 20, said he is buying the phone for a friend but
will sell it "if the price is good".

Singapore is one of nine markets where the new models are first released.

CHANG MAY CHOON

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              954 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

Early birds get juiciest profits flipping iPhone 6;
'Smart cookies' make tidy sums selling pre-booked devices to diehard fans

BYLINE: Chang May Choon

SECTION: SINGAPORE

LENGTH: 457 words


IN JUST 30 minutes, finance manager Sky Hui made a cool profit of $4,000 from
buying and re-selling three new iPhones.

As iPhone 6 frenzy hit Singapore and elsewhere over the weekend, some people
have been looking for ways to make a quick buck by flipping Apple's latest smart
devices - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus.

It is not hard to find someone willing to pay extra cash for your phone, if you
browse forums like HardwareZone, or visit handphone shop websites like Mobile
Square and Sg Mobile.

Mr Hui, 30, had pre-booked three 128GB iPhone 6 Plus devices with SingTel. He
then contacted 40 buyers he found on HardwareZone and met one at Raffles City,
about 30 minutes after collecting his phones from SingTel's launch event at
Marina Bay Sands last Friday.

He had renewed three contracts for himself and his parents to pay $746 for each
phone. He then sold them at $2,200 each to the buyer, making a total profit of
$4,362. The iPhone 6 Plus costs $1,448 without a contract.

"The buyer was a 22-year-old guy. I passed him the phones and he took out a
bundle of $1,000 notes, counted six and passed them to me. That was shocking!"
said Mr Hui.

With the extra cash, he bought a 128GB iPhone 6 for $1,288, for his own use. He
had pre-booked it at an Apple retail store.

Those late to the game ended up making less.

Yesterday, there were also more active sellers than buyers on HardwareZone's
mobile phone bazaar forum.

Legal practitioner Kelvin Ho, 36, sold his new 16GB iPhone 6 at Mobile Square
for $1,030 yesterday. If he had done it last Friday, he could have got $1,200,
according to Sg Mobile's website.

Two shops that buy and re-sell iPhones said demand for Apple's latest smart
devices this time has been lower than in previous years.

WhyMobile's retail sales manager Samuel Chan said: "There are more people
selling, but fewer buying. Last year we had people from China coming to buy 50
sets at one go, but none this year."

However, retail stores here had queues of tourists waiting to buy the phones.
Apple yesterday said global sales of its newest iPhones came to more than 10
million during the launch weekend. Singapore was one of nine markets to get the
phones first.

Both versions are sold out at EpiCentre's nine outlets and Nubox's 13 outlets.

A 35-year-old housewife, who declined to give her name, bought four phones at
WhyMobile in Far East Plaza yesterday.

She said her husband had queued overnight but went home empty handed. So she
decided to "just pay more" to get the phones for herself and her family. She
paid $1,550 for each 128GB iPhone 6, which costs $1,288.

"I cannot wait anymore, that's why I came here. We've compared prices and the
price here is the best," she said.

changmc@sph.com.sg

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              955 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                    September 14, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iOS 10 Gets Lukewarm Response From Users

BYLINE: Wrik Sen

LENGTH: 350  words


Though iOS 10 brings numerous performance enhancements, it has been getting
negative response due to some technical issues.

Apple just rolled out the iOS 10, but it seems it has not started on the
smoothest of starts. The OS targeted at iPhones, iPads, and the 6 generation of
iPod touch, does bring in numerous enhancements. However, due to technical
issues and hick-ups during the download stages, have already started getting it
negative feedback from users who have started venting their frustrations online.
Apple, on its part has assured everyone that the issues will be sorted out soon,
but the start for iOS 10 has certainly been buggy.

It has been only a day or so since the release, but the number of complaints
seem be to be increasing. Most of them have been regarding the iOS 10 making
devices unresponsive after the download of the new OS, or simply been 'bricking'
them, while the others have been regarding the interface of the new OS. A part
of the feedback is obviously trolling as well, as some users on social media
tend to be.

A lot of the changes can be seen on the new emoticons which have gotten better
3D looking enhancements, and the notifications which seem to appear to be on a
more placard like format, and divided in 2 sections; one with the controls and
settings, and on the left swipe, there are the multimedia app control shortcuts.

The iMessage app has new tweaks, including the easy sharing capability of
stickers, animations, and GIFs. The dial pad also has seen some changes with a
new look, just like the Phonebook app. The clock, on the other hand has a black
interface, and has a new bedtime feature assisting one in adopting healthy
sleeping habits.

In terms of the devices which are compatible with the new iOS 10, the list
includes iOS 10 is compatible with iPhone SE, iPhone 5, iPhone 5s, iPhone 5c,
iPhone 6, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6s Plus and the new iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus. In terms of the iPads, iOS 10 goes with iPad Pro and iPad Pro
9.7-inch, apart from the iPad Air 2, iPad Air, iPad 4th generation, iPad mini 4,
iPad mini 3 and iPad mini 2.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              956 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           October 11, 2014 Saturday

Apple to start midnight sales for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in India for first
time

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee & Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 509 words


KOLKATA| NEW DELHI: With record pre-launch orders for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus, Apple will start midnight sales for its devices in India for the first
time, in line with the practice it follows elsewhere.

The phones are to be launched in India on October 17. More than 5,000 of the new
handsets have been reserved at Apple stores, multi-brand retail chains and
e-commerce sites in the last two days, according to three senior trade
executives. Sales to those who have booked the phones will start midnight at The
MobileStore, UniverCell, Planet M Retail and Sangeetha Mobiles outlets besides
Apple stores.

"The craze about iPhones is for the first time felt in India like in the West,"
said Himanshu Chakrawarti, CEO, The Mobile Store. "The exclusivity to own the
first lot of iPhones before others is huge, much like when a Salman Khan movie
releases or how consumers used to rush at midnight to buy the first lot of Harry
Potter books."

Videocon-owned PlanetM Retail's chief executive Sanjay Karwa said the midnight
launch will ensure traditional offline retailers have the advantage over online
retail, which is creating market disruptions. "Midnight launch is a new concept
in India and Apple's move will ensure brick-and-mortar customers receive the
handset first.

We will keep a few of our stores open past midnight to fulfill all orders, since
getting permission for that is also a hassle," Karwa said. Trade sources said
Infibeam, Apple's sole authorised online seller for iPhones in India, has
clocked the highest number of bookings - in excess of 2,000 - with big demand
from companies and smaller towns.

The maximum orders are for the 128 GB iPhone 6 priced at Rs 71,500. Infibeam.com
co-founder Neeru Sharma declined to confirm the numbers, but said there had been
unprecedented demand for the new iPhones and that it will try and ensure
deliveries in metro cities and towns on October 17 itself. Last year, Apple's
iPhone 5s had around 2,000 bookings in India, where the concept of pre-order is
still new.

Rival Samsung took pre-launch orders for its Galaxy S4 and S5, with those for
the S5 at about 2,500, according to trade sources. An email sent to Apple did
not elicit any responses as of the press time. Apple has assured retailers that
it will ensure sufficient inventory for all pre-ordered units on the launch day.

The concern that there could be a shortage due to strong demand in the West
remains. Also, the launch date of the new iPhones in India coincides with that
in China, a far bigger market for smartphones and Apple. Only 29% of more than
900 million mobile phone subscribers in India have smartphones, while in China
the user base is around 500 million.

Infibeam's chief executiveofficer Vishal Mehta said there could be a
demand-and-supply-gap for the new iPhones due to a high demand. The 4.7-inch
iPhone 6 starts at Rs 53,500 while the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus starts at Rs
62,500. Globally, Apple sold a record 10 million units in three days after the
launch on September 19 in 10 markets.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              957 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

Apple could pump 80m iphones into the market

SECTION: MOBILE PLATFORMS AND INTEGRATION; Mobile Platforms and Integration

LENGTH: 198 words



HIGHLIGHT: iphone 6 shipments would hit 10 million by end of September.


Apple is reportedly preparing to ship up to 80 million iPhone 6 handsets by the
end of 2014.

The figure stands at 20 million more units than the 60 million iPhone 5 handsets
shipped in 2013.

Digitimes cited inside sources who reportedly said that makers in the supply
chain for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are readying parts and components for the
manufacturing of 80 million smartphones. The sources also estimated 10 million
shipments of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models by the end of September.

That figure beats Samsung's Galaxy S5 first month sales, which reached 10
million in 25 days.

However, the iPhone's sales could be hampered by the exclusion of China as a
first wave recipent of the the phone.

The new flagships go on sale September 19 in the United States and the UK, as
well as several other Western markets.

However, China was left off the list by Apple, something that didn't happen last
year with the release of the iPhone 5 and iPhone 5C.
China has yet to get a release date for the new phones.

Apple is keeping hush on the matter, and said: "China is a key market for us and
we will get there as soon as possible."

CBR has reached out to Apple for comment but has yet to receive a reply.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              958 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

New iPhone 7 ditches the headphone socket

BYLINE: James Dean

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 432 words


The headphone socket has been a mainstay of portable music players since the
days of the Walkman , with its roots in the telephone exchanges of the late 19th
century.

However, its days could be numbered. Last night in San Francisco, Apple unveiled
the iPhone 7, the first iPhone without a headphone socket.

The 3.5mm socket has featured on every iPhone since Steve Jobs launched the
first one in 2007. Since then, Apple has sold more than 1 billion of the
smartphones.

When Apple does something radical, other companies tend to follow. Philip
Schiller, the Apple executive in charge of marketing, said that the company
decided to scrap the headphone jack because it had "the courage to move on".

The iPhone 7 is to be sold with EarPods, Apple's standard earphones, which will
now connect to the device through its charging port. Apple AirPods, the
company's new noise-cancelling wireless earphones, will be sold separately, for
£159. They last for five hours on a single charge and can be recharged in their
carrying case. Apple will, however, appease the Luddites by including an adapter
that plugs in to the iPhone 7's charging port to create a standard 3.5mm
headphone socket.

The iPhone 7, with a 4.7in screen, and the iPhone 7 Plus, with a 5.5in screen,
will be available in the UK from September 16. The cheapest model will cost
£599. The new smartphones look like sleeker versions of their predecessors, the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. They come in black, silver, gold and rose gold, as
well as a new high-gloss jet black finish. Sir Jony Ive, chief design officer,
said that the new phones represented "the most deliberate evolution of our
founding design". The 12-megapixel camera on the iPhone 7 Plus has a wide-angle
lens and a telephoto lens. The single camera on the iPhone 7 features an optical
image stabiliser to prevent blurring from shaking hands and a high-speed sensor
for taking action shots, a lens that lets in 50 per cent more light and a more
powerful flash.

In addition, the new models feature longer battery life, louder speakers, faster
processors and graphics chips and both will be water resistant.

Both the iPhone 7 devices come with 32GB, 128GB and 256GB of storage, the latter
being double the amount of storage available in the original iPhone 6 series.

Key features AirPods Headphone jack scrapped; wireless headphones are sold
separately for £159.

Dual-lens camera Images are stitched together to create a photograph nearing the
quality of a professional SLR camera.

Battery life Two hours longer than iPhone 6.

Extra storage Cheapest iPhone 7 comes with 32GB storage.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2016 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              959 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

New iPhone 7 ditches the headphone socket

BYLINE: James Dean

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 432 words


The headphone socket has been a mainstay of portable music players since the
days of the Walkman, with its roots in the telephone exchanges of the late 19th
century.

However, its days could be numbered. Last night in San Francisco, Apple unveiled
the iPhone 7, the first iPhone without a headphone socket.

The 3.5mm socket has featured on every iPhone since Steve Jobs launched the
first one in 2007. Since then, Apple has sold more than one billion of the
smartphones.

When Apple does something radical, other companies tend to follow. Philip
Schiller, the Apple executive in charge of marketing, said that the company
decided to scrap the headphone jack because it had "the courage to move on".

The iPhone 7 is to be sold with EarPods, Apple's standard earphones, which will
now connect to the device through its charging port. Apple AirPods, the
company's new noise-cancelling wireless earphones, will be sold separately, for
£159. They last for five hours on a single charge and can be recharged in their
carrying case. Apple will, however, appease the Luddites by including an adapter
that plugs in to the iPhone 7's charging port to create a standard 3.5mm
headphone socket.

The iPhone 7, with a 4.7in screen, and the iPhone 7 Plus, with a 5.5in screen,
will be available in the UK from September 16. The cheapest model will cost
£599. The new smartphones look like sleeker versions of their predecessors, the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. They come in black, silver, gold and rose gold, as
well as a new high-gloss jet black finish. Sir Jony Ive, chief design officer,
said that the new phones represented "the most deliberate evolution of our
founding design". The 12-megapixel camera on the iPhone 7 Plus has a wide-angle
lens and a telephoto lens. The single camera on the iPhone 7 features an optical
image stabiliser to prevent blurring from shaking hands and a high-speed sensor
for taking action shots, a lens that lets in 50 per cent more light and a more
powerful flash.

In addition, the new models feature longer battery life, louder speakers, faster
processors and graphics chips and both will be water resistant.

Both the iPhone 7 devices come with 32GB, 128GB and 256GB of storage, the latter
being double the amount of storage available in the original iPhone 6 series.

Key features AirPods Headphone jack scrapped; wireless headphones are sold
separately for £159.

Dual-lens camera Images are stitched together to create a photograph nearing the
quality of a professional SLR camera.

Battery life Two hours longer than iPhone 6.

Extra storage Cheapest iPhone 7 comes with 32GB storage.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2016 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              960 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

Apple predicting a return to robust sales of iPhones;
Profit, revenue fall in fiscal 4th quarter, but 7, 7 Plus pick up steam.;
TECHNOLOGY

BYLINE: From wire services

SECTION: ; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 520 words


A customer at the Apple Store on Chicago's Michigan Avenue sets up his new
iPhone 7 Plus last month. Apple sold 45.5 million iPhones in the most recent
quarter.

SAN FRANCISCO - After stumbling in 2016, Apple is betting on a better year
ahead.

The Silicon Valley tech giant is forecasting a return to growth in iPhone sales
this winter, after a rare slump that dropped a wet blanket on Apple's revenue
and stock performance over the last three quarters.

The company is also set to unveil new Mac computers later this week, hoping to
boost lagging interest in a set of products that are symbolically significant
even if they're less financially important to the company than the iPhone.

Apple has been struggling with shrinking demand for its signature products at a
time when analysts say it's increasingly difficult for tech companies to come up
with dramatically new features. Many consumers are holding onto their old
smartphones and PCs for longer, seeing little reason to buy a new model that's
only slightly better.

One consequence: Apple sold 45.5 million iPhones in the quarter that ended in
September.

That was slightly more than the 45 million that Wall Street expected, but still
5 percent fewer than the 48 million iPhones it sold in the same period a year
earlier.

Still, analysts say consumers are showing renewed interest in Apple's latest
iPhone models. Based on early sales, Apple Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri
said, "We feel very good about the momentum of the 7 and 7 Plus."

The 7 and 7 Plus models aren't a radical change from the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus,
which were wildly popular when they were introduced two years ago.

But analyst Patrick Moorhead said the new phones have enough improvements,
including new camera systems, longer battery life and water resistance, to fare
better than last year's lackluster 6S and 6S Plus.

Apple could also benefit because many iPhone 6 owners may be ready to replace
their two-year-old phones.

The company only started selling the new iPhone 7 models last month, which means
it had less than two weeks of sales in the quarter. But Apple's revenue forecast
calls for sales of $76 billion to $78 billion in the December quarter. That's
higher than the Wall Street estimate, which was just under $75 billion.

Apple's forecast also represents a modest increase over the $75.8 billion in
sales that Apple reported for the December quarter last year, and it suggests
the company expects to beat last year's record of 74.8 million iPhones sold in
that period, which is traditionally Apple's biggest quarter for sales.

Reporting on its fiscal fourth quarter, which ended Sept. 24, Apple said revenue
declined 9 percent to $46.8 billion, while profit fell 19 percent to $9 billion.

Earnings amounted to $1.67 a share, compared with Wall Street estimates of $1.66
a share on revenue of $47 billion.

Apple ended its fiscal year with annual sales of $215.6 billion and profit of
$45.7 billion. Most companies would be thrilled with those numbers. But some
analysts warn Apple relies too heavily on a single product line, the iPhone,
which contributed nearly two thirds of Apple's revenue.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              961 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                      October 6, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6s, 6s Plus listed on Flipkart at Rs 64,836 onwards

BYLINE: Ruby Ortega

LENGTH: 258  words


Apple hasn't yet officially started selling its newest iPhone 6s, 6s Plus in
India, but the flagship devices have already found their way on e-commerce giant
Flipkart. The iPhone 6s is available in Gold, Rose Gold, Silver, and Space Grey
colors. It has been listed at Rs 64,836 for the base model of 16 GB whereas the
64 GB and 128 GB variants have been listed at Rs 74,117 and Rs 83,401
respectively.

On the other hand, the phablet-sized iPhone 6s Plus has been listed at Rs 74,117
for the base model and Rs 83,401 and Rs 88,478 for the subsequent variants. A
listing by some other seller has quoted the 64 GB Rose Gold iPhone 6s Plus price
at Rs 85,945.

Apple has not made any announcement regarding the pricing details for India, but
the new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are likely to cost around the same range as listed
on Flipkart.

Another possibility is that may be the Flipkart prices turn out to be the
official prices. But the surprising thing is that the site has allowed for a
purchase and the listing has been done not for pre-order. But, the phone will be
delivered after October 16, which is the official release date of the phones in
India.

The newest iPhones have come with a tap-reducing feature known as 3D Touch and
Apple has also added a new color Rose Gold in the choices.

Business: Technology (http://nycity.today/business/technology)Region: United
States (http://nycity.today/location/united-states)Company: Apple
(http://nycity.today/company/apple)

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              962 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday

M1 beats rivals to issue new iPhone price plans

BYLINE: Danson Cheong

SECTION: TOP OF THE NEWS

LENGTH: 327 words


TELCO M1 yesterday released its pricing plans for the most expensive iPhones to
date, ahead of competitors SingTel and StarHub.

The new Apple iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will be available from all three telcos next
Friday.

The basic iPhone 6 16GB handset will cost $525 under M1's i-Lite+ plan, which
has a monthly fee of $41.

Under the same plan, the iPhone 6 Plus 16GB handset will retail at $665.

When the iPhone 5S was released a year ago, it cost about $515 for the 16GB
model.

All sets are sold with a two-year post-paid plan and will be available at M1
shops.

The new models, which were unveiled on Tuesday, feature Retina HD displays, a
fingerprint lock called Touch ID, and an 8-megapixel camera with faster
auto-focus.

When contacted, StarHub's spokesman said the telco would release more details to
its customers on Monday.

SingTel did not say when its price plans would be available.

But analysts whom The Straits Times spoke to said pricing will be similar across
the telcos. "All three telcos will watch each other closely in terms of
pricing," said Singapore telco analyst Clement Teo at United States-based market
research firm Forrester.

"In the end, it won't differ that much but (consumers) have to look at the
amount of features they get with the different plans," he added.

And despite the higher cost, ardent fans of US tech giant Apple are looking
forward to the new phones.

The price will not matter to Mr Ong Hek Meng, for instance.

The 25-year-old audit associate has been using his current iPhone 4S for three
years and has been holding out for the new releases.

"The switch is worth it for me, because my phone now is not in the best
condition," said the M1 customer, adding that he was looking forward to the
5.5-inch screen of the iPhone 6 Plus.

The iPhone 6 comes with a 4.7-inch display.

"With the bigger screen, it'll be easier to play games, send text messages and
watch videos. Bigger is better," said Mr Ong.

dansonc@sph.com.sg

SEE WORLD

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              963 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 11, 2016 Sunday

Apple trade partners Redington & Brightstar gear up for iPhone 7 launch in India

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 380 words


Apple's trade partners such as Redington and Brightstar started preparations for
special events and midnight launches of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus at key
locations on October 7, as the smartphone maker plans to begin sales in India
within three weeks of dong so overseas.Redington India, among the largest trade
partners for Apple, said it will sell iPhones at 3,000 retail locations across
India. Beetel Teletech, a Brightstar company, said it will sell the new phones
at 2,000 retail outlets in the northern and eastern regions.Apple sells phones
in India through four distributors - the other two are Ingram Micro and Rashi
Peripherals. Rashi Peripherals has plans to sell the devices through 1,000
retail outlets.

Ingram said it will hold launch events at some of the 200 stores in Delhi,
Mumbai and Bengaluru where it will sell the phones.Beetel said it will organise
events across the National Capital Region on the launch day. Redington will hold
special events at select stores in key cities.US-based Apple has earmarked 100
crore towards marketing, branding and advertising in India, ET reported on
Thursday. The company has put special focus on the South Asian nation during its
current fiscal year ending September. CEO Tim Cook made a nearly week long trip
to Indian this year when he met the Prime Minister to discuss plans for the
local market.Meanwhile, Apple clarified that it will continue to sell older
models including the iPhone 5s, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in the Indian market,
even as it begins sales of the latest flagships.The company said it had not
stopped sales of the two-year old models in India, even though they have been
removed from the company's India website. The removal triggered speculation that
the models would be discontinued.Apple has upgraded storage capacities of iPhone
6s and iPhone 6s Plus which will be available in 32GB and 128GB variants. The
16GB and 64GB storage versions will be phased out.The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
will come in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB storage options, starting at 60,000. Official
prices of the higher storage variants are yet to be announced, but are likely
cost 10,000-11,000 more than the base model. The iPhone 7 Plus 32GB entry model
may be priced at 72,000.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              964 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            June 22, 2016 Wednesday

Review appeal of Apple is accepted in Beijing court

LENGTH: 423  words


An appeal of Apple is accepted in the Beijing Intellectual Property Court to
review a ruling by the capital's patent office ordering the company to halt the
sales of its iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in Beijing after finding the design too
closely resembles a Chinese phone.

In a statement on its website, the Beijing Intellectual Property Office said
that it ordered Apple and a reseller of its products in Beijing, Beijing
Zoomflight Communication Equipment Co, to stop selling the two iPhone models
after it found they infringed upon the rights of a Shenzhen-based company.

For the court, a spokesman said it had accepted Apple's appeal to review the
ruling, but it has not set a time for the hearing.

As per an Apple spokesman, AFP that the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, as well as
iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone SE models are "all available for sale today
in China".

The Apple spokesman said "We appealed an administrative order from a regional
patent tribunal in Beijing last month, and as a result the order has been stayed
pending review by the Beijing IP Court".

The complaint against Apple was filed by Shenzhen Baili Marketing Service Co, a
small Chinese brand that designed a cellphone model called the 100C.

Despite a number of differences between the 100C and the iPhone 6, "the
differences are too tiny to be noticeable by average consumers, and thus it
should be deemed that there is no apparent difference between the two phone
models", according to a verdict by the Beijing patent tribunal.

The tribunal made its ruling in May, and it was reported by Chinese media
recently.

The IP dispute is the latest faced by Apple over the design of its products in
China, its second-largest market after the Americas.

The company lost a four-year fight against a Beijing leather products maker in
May after the Beijing Municipal High People's Court ruled in favor of Xintong
Tiandi Technology, which sells a number of leather products such as smartphone
cases and handbags under the name "iphone".

Apple in 2012 paid $60 million to a Shenzhen-based maker of computer screens and
LED lights to settle a dispute over the iPad trademark on the Chinese mainland.

Proview Technology declared that the Taipei subsidiary of its Hong Kong-based
parent registered the iPad trademark in a number of countries and regions in
2000. Even though the iPad trademark was purchased by Apple from Proview Taipei
in 2009, Proview Shenzhen said it reserved the right to use the trademark it
registered on the Chinese mainland in 2001. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              965 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                               September 14, 2015

Lackluster Apple's 2015 Products Launch

BYLINE: Professor Foluso Ladeinde

LENGTH: 902 words


By now, it has become a yearly thing for Apple to launch the usually-incremental
improvements to its products. This year's event was staged in San Francisco,
California, last week Wednesday, 9 September 2015. Two phones, a
"professional-class" tablet (iPad Pro), and a major overhaul of the 2007 Apple
TV set-top box were launched.

The new phones, iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus, are not to be confused with the
2014 versions, which were given the names iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. So, you
just need to add an upper-case "S" to the "6" in the names of last year's
phones. The similarities don't end there: 6 and 6S are of the same size - 4.7
inches, and 6 Plus and 6S Plus are also of the same size - 5.5 inches. Note that
the larger screen phone is two-tenths of an inch smaller than Samsung's Note 5
and Edge Plus, which were released a few weeks ago.

Apple TV was the first set-top box for streaming video to television via the
Internet. Third-party apps have now been built for Apple TV. Devices competing
with Apple TV include those by Amazon, Google, and SONY, who are pushing to link
video services like Netflix with your TV. For now, Apple TV is not a replacement
for cable or satellite service, but an enhancement to them. Channel apps for the
device include those for broadcasting networks like ABC and Fox.

Other cool features of Apple TV include the ability to mirror your iPad 3 -
which supports AirPlay, onto your 2015 Samsung smart TV. The new Apple TV
supports AirPlay, which allows you to stream content wirelessly from iPhones and
iPads to Apple TV.

Personally, I do not like the fact that Apple's devices - iPad or iPhone - do
not support the attachment of flash drives. Thus, you can't plug in a USB drive
containing your favorite African music into these devices to enjoy the videos.
To me, this is really a show stopper. You don't have this problem with most
Android smartphones or with Microsoft Surface. Yes, you could pass files between
Apple devices and the cloud (Dropbox, OneDrive, Google Drive, or iCloud), but
sometimes you don't feel like putting your stuff out there on the cloud.
Moreover, depending on where you live on the face of the earth, the bandwidth,
or even the Internet provision to enable you stream from the cloud, could be too
much to ask for.

In iPad Pro, it appears that Apple is learning a thing or two from Microsoft's
"continuum" computing paradigm. Although Steve Jobs eschewed the idea of
large-screen smartphones, it was precisely large-screen smartphones that
propelled Apple to the position of world's Number One most-capitalized company,
with iPhone (especially iPhone 6 Plus) accounting for almost two-thirds of the
revenues in the past year. Hoping the magic of large screens will turn things
around for the not-so-much-in-demand iPad Air, Apple, in its newly launched iPad
Pro, has increased the screen size from 9.7 inches to 12.9 inches for the Pro.
Unlike the case for iPhone, screen enlargement may not matter to consumers that
much, and by itself may not improve the lackluster demand for iPad. A
"smart-keyboard" that is priced separately and a pressure-sensitive stylus,
called Apple Pencil, also accompany the iPad Pro.

Joanna Stern in her brief review of iPad Pro in the Wall Street Journal issue of
9 September 2015 describes iPad Pro as a giant, beautiful 12.9 - inch screen.
"It's so thin (6.9 mm) and big, it's like holding a lunch tray. And that 2732 x
2048-resolution screen. It's simply gorgeous. It's bright, video looks insanely
crisp and it packs enough pixels to fit two full-screen iOS 9 apps, side by
side." However, she does not like the fact that the keys on the keyboard are not
backlit and that Apple isn't making a version of the keyboard for older iPad
models. In describing the stylus that comes with iPad pro, Stern alludes to the
"debt" that the iPad Pro owes to Apple's arch competitors - Samsung and
Microsoft, who have for several years provisioned the stylus for their phones
and/or tablets.

Now we come to the new Apple phones - iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus. The 3D Touch
is believed by some to be the biggest feature of the new phones. This capability
has the name Force Touch on Apple Watch. It measures the amount of force you
apply to your phone screen by your finger and pops up different things depending
on the amount of this force. For instance, by pressing down hard on the camera
icon on the phone, you get a shortcut to take a selfie, or glance quickly at the
body of an email by pressing lightly on the screen. 3D Touch is implemented
throughout iOS 9. Facebook and other key third-party app makers will also
support the technology. However, there is no backward compatibility.

The Live Photo capability in the new phones should be fun, although they may not
be particularly useful! With Live Photo, the camera takes multiple photos before
and after you shoot, and use the frames to create some movie!

You could order the phones as from 12 September 2015, and they will be available
by 25 September 2015. In the U.S. the two phones start at $649 and $749,
respectively. iPad Pro will start at $799 for the 32 GB device; the keyboard and
Apple Pencil are extras, at $169 and $99, respectively.

Notwithstanding the new iPhone features, we are not going to see the kind of mad
rush for iPhone that the world witnessed last year September. A disruption,
rather an incremental enhancement, may be required to save iPhone.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              966 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday
                            All_but_Toronto Edition

Demand for iPhone 6 Plus might be higher than you think

BYLINE: Jonathan Ratner, National Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST INVESTING; Pg. FP6

LENGTH: 258 words


Demand for Apple Inc.'s new iPhone 6 looks strong, but the smartphone's average
sale price (ASP) could also get a significant lift versus previous versions.

RB C Capital Markets' survey of 6,000 people on their purchasing plans
demonstrated relatively even demand for the iPhone 6 (36%) versus the iPhone 6
Plus (35%). "Given the $100 ASP premium the 6 Plus carries, this will boost ASPs
higher than investor expectations, which were initially calling for 25- 30% of
iPhone demand being the larger form-factor," RBC analyst Amit Daryanani told
clients.

He noted that the quarter- over-quarter move in the ASP could be US$90 higher
and US$65 better on an annual basis.

Meanwhile , the results suggest Apple could generate iPhone ASPs of
approximately US$700. The survey also indicated that consumers are opting for
the 64-GB version as opposed to the 16-GB or 128-GB models.

Mr. Daryanani noted that roughly 48% plan to buy a 64-GB model, which is a
16-point gain compared with the current installed base.

"Not only does the shift towards 64GB drive pricing higher ($100 premium) but it
also provides upside to gross margins," he said, adding that Apple makes an
estimated 85% gross margin on memory.

The analyst raised his target price on Apple shares to US$114 from US$110 to
reflect both the higher ASPs and iPhone 6 demand.

He also hiked his revenue and earnings per share forecasts for Q4 2014
(September) and Q1 2015 (December).

RBC's revised estimates are US$40.8-billion and US$1.33, and US $6 6. 7 -billion
and US$2.64, for those periods, respectively.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              967 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             August 14, 2015 Friday
                                Ontario Edition

TECHNOLOGY;
Samsung hopes to regain ground with new phones

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 371 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. has unveiled two new Android smartphones with jumbo
screens as it seeks to recapture some of the sales lost to Apple Inc. after
larger iPhones came out last year.

Samsung said Thursday that the new Galaxy Note 5 and S6 Edge Plus will start
shipping Aug. 21 in the United States and Canada. Usually, Note phones don't
come out until well after Apple's new iPhone models in September.

The timing reflects a shift in fortunes for a company that pioneered jumbo
phones with the original Note in 2011. Now, Samsung needs to beat Apple to the
punch or risk seeing its products drowned out by all the attention on the iPhone
, IDC analyst Ramon Llamas said.

The new phones from Samsung have screens measuring 5.7 inches diagonally, the
same as last year's Note 4, yet both are lighter and thinner. They are
comparable to Apple's 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus, the larger of the two new iPhones.
Samsung's Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge phones, which are closer in size to the regular
iPhone 6, came out in April.

The Note 5 will cost $696 (U.S.) to $740 without a contract, depending on the
carrier. The Edge Plus will cost about $75 more. The iPhone 6 Plus sells for
about $750. T-Mobile is throwing in a year of Netflix with both phones, while
Sprint is giving away a low-end Samsung tablet with a two-year contract.

Advance orders begin in the United States on Thursday.

Samsung Electronics Co. also said its Samsung Pay mobile-payment service will
debut in its home country of South Korea on Aug. 20.

Testing in the United States will begin Aug. 25, with a formal launch on Sept.
28.

Although there's competition from Apple Pay and Google's upcoming Android Pay,
Samsung is hoping its payments system will catch on with the inclusion of a
technology that mimics the old-school, magnetic signals from credit-card swipes.
That allows it to work with a wider range of merchants, though it still won't
work everywhere cards are accepted.

Samsung also teased an upcoming smartwatch, the Gear S2. It will have a round
face, rather than the rectangular design in Apple Watch and previous Samsung
watches. A video from Samsung suggests snazzy graphics to rival Apple Watch.
More details will come at the IFA tech show in Berlin next month.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2015 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              968 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

Biz Break: Apple Watch gets the buzz, but iPhone is still king

BYLINE: By Jeremy C. Owens jowens@mercurynews.com

SECTION: NEWS; Business

LENGTH: 1038 words


Today: Apple shows off a new product, but the refreshed iPhone line will mean
more to the company's bottom line. Also: Intel shows off its next advances.

The Lead: iPhones are key to Apple revenue growth, Apple Watch adoption

Apple's debut event sparked a lot of talk about its smartwatch, the first new
device launched by the company since the iPad four years ago, but the company's
immediate future and the Apple Watch's success depend on the other gadgets
introduced Tuesday -- new iPhones.

In a highly anticipated event Tuesday, Apple CEO Tim Cook debuted the Apple
Watch and a mobile-payments attempt called Apple Pay, two new offerings the
Cupertino company hopes will grow revenues that have already exploded in the
past decade. The main cause of that growth has been the iPhone, Apple's
smartphone that was refreshed with two new offerings, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

The main focus was Apple Watch, a smartwatch that will work in concert with the
iPhone as long as the device is an iPhone 5 or newer. The device has a starting
price of $350 and offers an array of customizable features, with early reviews
proclaiming it the best smartwatch to arrive so far.

However, Apple will have to sell a lot of smartwatches to recognize a
substantial amount of revenues, and it won't be helped by the holiday shopping
season since the watch will not hit shelves until 2015.

The most optimistic forecast for watch sales that arrived ahead of the debut --
Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty's prediction that Apple would sell up to 60
million smartwatches in the first year -- would add more than 10 percent to
Apple's revenue total, but that's a very tall order. Bloomberg News points out
that only 2.8 million smartwatches were sold in 2013, along with 13.6 million
fitness-tracking devices.

"If you believe in having a screen on your wrist, then this is the way to do it,
but the question is whether this is something people want," Andreessen Horowitz
partner Benedict Evans told Bloomberg.

However, the Apple Watch as well as Apple Pay could be helped by Apple's big
moneymaker, the iPhone, which makes up the majority of Apple sales and profits.
Apple introduced two larger iPhones on Tuesday, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus,
with the latter phone of the "phablet" variety, offering a 5.5-inch screen
between the typical dimensions of smartphones and tablets.

The larger screen is an important feature for Apple's growth in Asia, where the
phablet form factor has been extremely popular. Research firm IDC reported last
week that phablets will surpass laptops in 2014 and tablets in 2015 in terms of
shipment volume, underscoring the battle Apple is set to enter.

"That's a slam dunk," TECHnalysis Research analyst Bob O'Donnell told Mercury
News reporter Julia Love. "Most of the people things are doing with their phones
today really cry out for a larger screen."

Along with the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, Apple will continue to sell the
iPhone 5S and 5C at reduced prices, giving it a wider range of sizes and price
points that will be crucial as the company seeks further sales growth.

In return, iPhone adoption could lead to greater adoption of the new offerings
Apple introduced Tuesday.

"The iPhone acts as a critical bridgehead to acquire new customers, and as a
foundation for new ventures such as Apple Watch and Apple Pay," IHS analyst Ian
Fogg noted in an email Tuesday. "The more new customers Apple can win with the
iPhone 6, the greater the chance of success the company will have with Apple
Watch and Apple Pay."

Apple's stock fluctuated wildly during the event, though the general pattern
told the story: prices went higher while the iPhone was being discussed, then
fell when the Apple Watch made its debut. In the end, Apple topped $103 in
intraday trading but ended with a 0.4 percent decline at $97.99.

SV150 market report: Wall Street falls as Intel pitches its future

Apple's struggles contributed to a tough day on Wall Street, especially for
Silicon Valley tech stocks, which were also brought down by Intel and Google.

Intel couldn't find a boost despite showing off it next round of advances in a
Tuesday event at its Santa Clara headquarters. The chipmaker's annual event for
software developers focused mostly on Intel's attempts to break into wearables
and the so-called Internet of Things, while also including an ultrathin tablet
and wireless-charging technology. "My biggest take-away (was) just how serious
Intel is about mobility and the Internet of Things," analyst Patrick Moorhead
told the Mercury News. Intel shares fell 1.2 percent to $34.91 on the day.

Google continued to deal with issues in Europe, as the Mountain View search
giant's antitrust deal seemingly fell apart and former CEO Eric Schmidt looked
for clarification on the "Right to be Forgotten"; Google declined 1.6 percent to
$591.97 on the day. Twitter fell 2.7 percent to $50.61 while facing threats from
a terrorist organization, and rival Facebook dropped 1.6 percent from all-time
highs to close at $76.67. As Apple broke into PayPal's payments territory,
parent company eBay sank 2.8 percent to $52.73. The Bay Area's merger market
stayed hot, with eBates getting $1 billion from Rakuten a day after Berkeley
organic foods company Annie's agreed to be purchased for $820 million. After the
bell, Palo Alto Networks released its earnings, showing a quarterly loss of
$32.1 million or 41 cents a share, on sales of $178.2 million, exhibiting
year-over-year revenue growth of 59 percent; shares gained to nearly $93 in late
trading after closing with a 0.8 percent decline at $89.28.

Up: GoPro, VMware, Symantec, SanDisk, Oracle

Down: SunPower, Workday, eBay, Twitter, Yahoo, Zynga, Pandora, SolarCity, Yelp,
Google, Facebook, EA

The SV150 index of Silicon Valley's largest tech companies: Down 13.7, or 0.84
percent, to 1609.6

The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index: Down 40, or 0.87 percent, to 4,552.29

The blue chip Dow Jones industrial average: Down 97.55, or 0.57 percent, to
17,013.87

And the widely watched Standard & Poor's 500 index: Down 13.1, or 0.65 percent,
to 1,988.44

Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com .
Contact Jeremy C. Owens at 408-920-5876; follow him at Twitter.com/jowens510 .

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              969 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                   Gulf Times

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Vodafone to hold midnight event

LENGTH: 194  words


Vodafone is gearing towards its official Qatar launch of the iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus. A midnight launch event will be held tomorrow at Vodafone's store in the
Villaggio Mall.

Vodafone Qatar will also give 10 people, who will join the event, the chance to
get their mobile bill paid for one year.

The midnight event will last until 3am on Saturday. Actual sales of the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus will begin at 1am on Saturday and will last until the stocks
are finished.

Ticketing will open at 11.30pm tomorrow, and there will be three ticketing
lines, each one allocated to cater, respectively, Vodafone Red VIP customers,
pre-order customers who have chosen Villaggio Mall as their pick-up point for
their handset, and walk-in customers. Customers can enter Villaggio Mall from
Gate 4. Red VIP customers will need to show their Red VIP cards upon arrival and
will be directly welcomed to a dedicated waiting area.

Walk-in customers are advised to show up as early as possible as the sales of
the handsets will be available on a first come, first serve basis.

Vodafone Qatar will be offering the iPhone 6 starting at QR2,799 and the iPhone
6 Plus starting at QR 3,199.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 183


                      Copyright 2014 Gulf Times Newspaper
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              970 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

iPhone 6 Plus ushers in golden age of 'phablets'

BYLINE: Weckler

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 279 words


iPhone 6 Plus Price: from (EURO)800 off-contract, from free on contract Rating:
**** I'VE waxed on for years about how Apple was ruling itself out of a vital
business market by not having a large-screen phone. Last Tuesday, it introduced
two such models. For me, the pick of them is the iPhone 6 Plus.

Its 5.5-inch screen goes toe to toe with the benchmark 'phablet', Samsung's
Galaxy Note. In the hands-on time I've so far had with the 6 Plus, it's clear
that Samsung has a lethal competitor.

Despite being almost exactly the same weight, the 6 Plus is considerably slimmer
at 7mm than the Note 4, which is 9mm in depth.

However, it's slightly larger in length.

To deal with those who have small hands, it allows you to double tap the screen
to shift the top part down, a feature it calls "reachability".

Battery life is improved over the iPhone 5S, but only by about 20pc for most
functions.

The phone has a Near Field Communications (NFC) chip designed mainly to take
advantage of Apple Pay, the company's new digital payments service (which won't
be available in Ireland until well into next year).

It's also preloaded with iOS 8, which means that it has a host of new features
for smart lifestyle and health apps.

There's a lot more power under the hood, thanks to Apple's 64-bit A8 chip. It's
a shame that it doesn't have 'sapphire' toughened glass, but that will probably
be added in the next update.

At this price, it would have been nice if Apple had offered more than 16GB of
storage (Samsung's Note 4 has 32GB), but it's hard to see this not being a smash
hit.

Two Irish operators say it will be available from September 26, though supply is
expected to be very constricted.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              971 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Secrets of the iPhone Plus revealed as 'teardown' casts light on gadget's
suppliers;
Apple core

BYLINE: Rhiannon Williams

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 333 words


HAVING spent hundreds of pounds on the latest iPhone, few buyers would be
expected to dismantle it with a screwdriver.

Yet enthusiasts from Melbourne, Australia, have already prised apart an iPhone 6
Plus to get a look at the inner components.

Apple's latest smartphone went on sale alongside the iPhone 6 yesterday morning,
causing queues of around 1,000 people outside the company's Covent Garden store
in London.

In a "teardown", repair website www.iFixit.com removed the screen to reveal that
Apple uses chips from Qualcomm, Skyworks Solutions and Avago Technologies, among
others, in its new device. The team also took a closer look at the phone's 8
megapixel camera, hefty battery and vibrator assembly component.

Notoriously secretive, Apple refuses to name its components' suppliers and
forbids them from discussing Apple-related matters with the press or investors.

The 5.5-inch device is the largest iPhone the company has produced to date, and
costs between £619 and £789, while the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 costs between £539 and
£699. All configurations are available in silver, gold and space grey. Apple
received more than four million pre-orders for its new phone within 24 hours, a
record for the company. Demand for both models exceeded supply, meaning online
customers may have to wait four weeks to receive their new phone.

Rhiannon Williams

CAMERA

The rear-facing 8MP iSight camera uses optical image stabilisation and "Focus
Pixel" phase-detection autofocus technology - the first iPhone to do so

SCREEN

The 5.5inch screen (measured diagonally) is the largest screen on an iPhone to
date, and is made of ion-strengthened glass

BATTERY

The 43gram battery is considerably larger than its predecessor the iPhone 5s',
and results in a significantly longer battery life, the company has said

VIBRATOR ASSEMBLY

The vibrator assembly is responsible for the vibrations which accompany incoming
calls, texts and other notifications. It contains copper coils, arranged to
create alternating magnetic fields

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Enthusiasts in Australia have dismantled an iPhone 6 Plus, the release
of which yesterday attracted queues of 1,000 people outside Apple's Covent
Garden store in LondonIFIXIT

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2014 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              972 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday

How does the iPhone 7 Plus shape up?;
No headphone jack but there's a bigger battery with Apple's latest smartphone

BYLINE: Ciara O'Brien

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 725 words


Apple has got into a pattern of tick-tock updates. One year, it's a redesign of
the handset, the next it's an incremental update. This year, however, the iPhone
7 knocked it out of kilter a little.

Sure, the iPhone 7 has killed off the 16GB version and done away with the
headphone jack, but is there anything that really marks the new handset as
different from its predecessors?

 Outside

 On the outside, there's little to distinguish the iPhone 7 Plus from its
predecessor, unless you opt for one of the new colours - black or jet black,
which is a fingerprint prone glossy finish.

Perhaps the most notable change from the iPhone is the one you can't see but
that people have been asking for for some time: it is now water resistant. The
iPhone 7 Plus comes with an IP67 rating, which means it is dust resistant and
can be submerged in up to one metre of water for up to 30 minutes.

 Inside

 On the whole the physical changes to the iPhone 7 Plus are minimal. On the
inside, it's a different story. The chip is an A10 Fusion, Apple's most powerful
yet.

It has four cores: two high performance, and two high efficiency. If you've got
an iPhone 6, it runs about 40 per cent faster according to Apple's estimates;
it's about 20 per cent faster than the 6s.

The graphics performance has also got a bump, which means if you plan on using
your phone for mobile gaming, you'll be less likely to see the stuttering and
frame rate problems.

 The camera

 The star of the iPhone 7 Plus is the rear-facing dual camera. One is a
wide-angle lens with an f1.8 aperture that will allow more light into your
shots, the other a 56mm zoom lens that gets you closer to the action.

Optical image stabilisation was introduced with the 6 Plus, and has now been
extended to the smaller handset.

The front-facing camera has been bumped up to 7 megapixels from 5 megapixels.
That gives you better resolution for all those selfies, should you need it.
There's still a little softness around the edges, but on the whole the images we
captured were crisp and clean.

 Headphones

 Of course, there is the removal of the headphone jack. On the one hand, you can
see the Apple designers' reason for wanting to ditch it. It takes up space that
can be better used elsewhere, and it means that audio technology can go into the
headphones rather than into the phone, and in theory, we should end up with
better sound as a result.

But on the other hand it also means you can't charge your phone and listen to
music on headphones unless you go for Bluetooth headphones, which aren't
everyone's cup of tea.

So now you are faced with either buying a pair of Lightning headphones that will
only work with your iPhone, investing in wireless headphones, or using the
frankly ugly adapter for your old headphones. The adapter is included for free,
but it is just begging to be lost - I almost lost it three times in the space of
two days - and you won't always have it to hand when you need it.

 Home button

 The headphone jack isn't the only thing to go. Apple has also got rid of the
physical home button, in favour of a touch-sensitive button that gives haptic
feedback.

On the whole, the removal of the click home button isn't that big a deal though.
There is talk that this is preceding the eventual removal of the home button
altogether, leaving the iPhone with an edge to edge display.

 Battery

 The final thing is battery life. That bigger, brighter screen will require a
bit more power and the iPhone 7 Plus delivers. In a few days of testing, the 7
Plus battery lasted a full day of heavy use - although that may deteriorate over
time. For now, it's impressive.

 The good

 The camera is the stand out here. The dual camera system means you can get
closer to the action without having to reply on digital zoom, which is never
worth the effort.

 The not so good

 No audio jack. Yes, we can use Bluetooth headphones, but there are some times
when the audio jack is needed.

 The rest

 The display is about 25 per cent brighter than on its predecessor, and the
iPhone 7 Plus makes the most of the extra screen space.

 The verdict:

 The camera on the iPhone 7 Plus is certainly a good upgrade, particularly for
those who find smartphone cameras sub-par. For those who made the leap to the
iPhone 6s Plus, the iPhone 7 Plus is not an essential buy. But that won't stop
you wanting it anyway. HHHH

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              973 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Japan News

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday
                                   S Edition

iPhone 6 hits street

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 8; No. 22971

LENGTH: 203 words


Apple Inc.'s iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones were released at 8 a.m.
Friday at Apple stores and other mobile phone shops around the country, where
enthusiastic fans formed long lines.

In front of Apple Store Omote-sando in Shibuya Ward, Tokyo, more than 1,000
people had formed a line several hundred meters long by the time of the official
release.

"It's thin and fits my hand well," said self-employed Yuki Manno with an iPhone
6 in his hand. "The screen is easy to see. I want to test out the phone all day
today."

Three major mobile phone companies -- NTT DoCoMo, Inc., KDDI Corp. and SoftBank
Mobile Corp. -- also held events at their outlets in Tokyo to announce the
release of the new models.

The new iPhones have bigger screens and thinner bodies than their predecessors.
The screen of the iPhone 6 Plus is bigger than that of the iPhone 6. An iPhone 6
model with 16 gigabytes of memory is virtually free if a user signs a new
contract or switches over from another mobile service provider.

Firms are engaging in fierce competition to win more customers with a variety of
promotional campaigns including one offer to buy an old iPhone for up to 43,200
yen if users agree to change their mobile service providers.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 The Yomiuri Shimbun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              974 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                               Advertiser Edition

Apple prepares to ring in changes on its favourite gadget

BYLINE: ROD CHESTER NATIONAL TECHNOLOGY WRITER

SECTION: OPED; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 363  words


WHEN Apple CEO Tim Cook launches the iPhone 7 today, it will be a case of the
same iPhone you know but with more and less.

The more is expected to be a dual lens camera in the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus
"phablet" and the less is the expected removal of the headphone jack in the
iPhone 7 range, something that will make the phones slimmer but will also mean
people will be scrambling for an adaptor to plug in their favourite earphones.

There have been so many leaks in the past few months that it would be a genuine
surprise if the iPhone 7 Plus did not have a dual lens camera. But what is still
an unknown is exactly what the camera will do.

It could mean clearer pictures in a camera that works better in low light or it
could be an optical zoom. Time, and Tim Cook, will tell.

The smaller iPhone 7 seems, according to the leaks, unlikely to get a camera to
match the bigger phone but is still likely to be a step up from the previous
model.

Those iPhone fans hoping for a new look for their favourite smartphone are set
for disappointment.

The leaks suggest the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will have a similar form factor to the
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, aside from moving the antenna strip from the back of the
phone, the addition of the extra lens in the bigger phone and a second speaker
likely to replace the headphone port.

Apple is expected to release new headphones with the iPhone with some tipping a
new style of wireless beats called AirPods, based on leaked reports of
registered trade names ahead of today's event.

The front of the iPhone 7 is set to be noticeably different. 9To5Mac says the
home button will be incorporated flush into the screen but will still give the
feeling of being something you can press.

After years of calls falling on deaf ears, it seems likely this is the iPhone
that will have a waterproof rating.

Of course it's not all going to be about iPhones.

Apple is expected to release the second generation of Apple Watch, with the
addition of GPS making a far more useful watch for runners and cyclists.

There are a lot of predictions about new products but all will be revealed when
the event begins overnight.FIND OUT WHAT'S INCLUDED IN THE NEW PHONE.
ADVERTISER.COM.AU

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Advertiser


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              975 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday

4 million first-day orders for iPhone 6

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 250 words


NEW YORK (AP) -- Apple had more than 4 million advance orders of its new, larger
iPhones in the first 24 hours, exceeding its initial supply, the company said
Monday.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be delivered to customers starting Friday
and throughout Sep tember, but many won't be delivered until October, Apple
said.

Phones will still be available Friday on a walk-in basis at Apple retail stores
and from various wireless carriers and authorized Apple resellers.

Apple's website had intermittent outages last Friday because of heavy traffic as
orders began online. The company said the 4 million orders set a new 24-hour
record, beating the 2 million orders in 2012. That was for the iPhone 5, the
previous time Apple increased the iPhone's screen size.

Last year, Apple sold 9 million iPhone 5s and iPhone 5c phones in the first
three days they were on sale, but the company didn't say how many came in the
first 24 hours of advance orders.

The iPhone 5, 5s and 5c have screens measuring 4 inches diagonally. The iPhone 6
is 4.7 inches, and the iPhone 6 Plus is 5.5 inches.

Besides larger screens, the new phones announced last week offer faster
performance and a wireless chip for making credit card payments at retail stores
by holding the phone near the payment terminal. The phones start at $199 with a
two-year service contact.

A free update to Apple's iOS software for mobile devices will be available to
existing users on Wednesday.

The new phones will come with the update, known as iOS 8.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              976 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                        June 13, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Apple Pay Coming to Carrefour's Customers in France

LENGTH: 492  words


June 13 -- Smartphones are now part of our everyday lives. Three in every four
mobiles are smartphones and 35 million people in France have one. Our consumer
habits are changing as new services become available, made possible thanks to
the new technologies available to us.

The mobile payment market is also undergoing rapid growth: Mobile payment
solutions are now being rolled out on a large scale. Carrefour has decided to be
a key player in this digital transformation.

The current landscape provides us with a real opportunity to create new types of
relationships with our customers. We have one sole objective in mind in deciding
to adopt this innovative approach: we want to provide our customers with the
best possible experience, so the path they take through our stores can be fast,
fluid, straightforward and secure.

Because we are mindful of our customers' needs and expectations, we have to
ensure that we can provide them with an excellent level of service, keeping
their personal information secure and protected, and intelligently linking
payment up to loyalty schemes and the redeeming of coupons in the Carrefour
ecosystem.

Therefore, Apple Pay coming to Carrefour's Customers in France this Summer,
offering an Easy, Secure & Private Way to Pay.

Carrefour will be among first retailers in France to offer its customers Apple
Pay, which is transforming mobile payments with an easy, secure and private way
to pay that's fast and convenient when it launches this Summer.

With Carrefour Banque's support (2.5M customers), Apple Pay will provide a
simplified, seamless and practical shopping experience to all "PASS MasterCard"
cardholders. Through this additional service, Carrefour continues to foster
disruptive innovation.

Security and privacy is at the core of Apple Pay. When you use a credit or debit
card with Apple Pay, the actual card numbers are not stored on the device, nor
on Apple servers. Instead, a unique Device Account Number is assigned, encrypted
and securely stored in the Secure Element on your device. Each transaction is
authorised with a one-time unique dynamic security code.

Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will continue to receive all of the
rewards and benets offered by credit and debit cards. The service will be
available from Day 1 in all stores under Carrefour's banner in France. In
participating stores, Apple Pay works with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6,
iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone SE and Apple Watch.

Online shopping in apps accepting Apple Pay is as simple as the touch of a
finger with Touch ID, so there's no need to manually fill out lengthy account
forms or repeatedly type in shipping and billing information. When paying for
goods and services within apps, Apple Pay is compatible with iPhone SE, iPhone
6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air 2, iPad mini 3, iPad mini
4 and iPad Pro.

For more information on Apple Pay, visit: http://www.apple.com/fr/apple-pay/.

Source: Carrefour

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              977 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                            October 9, 2014 Thursday
                                   WELL-BEING

Waterproof, shockproof iPhone 6 cases shake it up on Indiegogo

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 267 words


Just three days after launching a crowd-funding campaign, Lunatik has raised
more than $125,000, well above its original goal of $100,000, for two iPhone 6
cases well-suited to the outdoor adventurer: they feature an airtight
compression closure system that protect from water and dust.

They also offer impact protection that the company claims exceeds military
standards, referencing the MIL-STD-810G test used by the United States Military
to classify protective equipment.

When all ports are closed, the iPhone 6 will be submergible for up to an hour in
water that's two meters deep.

TAKTIK 360

This case is said to be indestructible and its screen features an extra
protective layer called the Corning Gorilla Glass, which does not compromise the
touch-screen system of the iPhone 6. It comes with a separate locking key and
audio extender for attaching headphones.

AQUATIK

Ultra form-fitting to the iPhone 6, this is Lunatik's slimmest iPhone protective
case yet, according to the company. That being said, they even found room to
attach a non-slip impact bumper and its photo lens allows for crisp, clear
pictures.

The company is also creating a version of each case for the iPhone 6 plus,
although they will not be part of the campaign in question. To be notified upon
release: www.lunatik.com/products/iphone-6-plus/taktik-360?variant=black

The TAKTIK 360 for iPhone 6 can be pre-ordered for $99, and the AQUATIK for
iPhone 6 for $79 with delivery expected in March 2015. Orders outside the US
cost $20 extra for shipping and handling.

www.indiegogo.com/projects/taktik-360-aquatik-for-iphone-6-by-lunatik

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2014 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              978 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                            October 20, 2014 Monday

Apple's forecast for holiday quarter exceeds analyst estimates

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 651 words


SAN FRANCISCO - Apple is projecting a happy holiday season.

New larger-screened iPhones are set to help boost sales by at least 10 per cent
during the crucial holiday quarter, the Cupertino, Calif.-based company said in
a statement on Monday. Revenue in the current period will be $63.5 billion to
$66.5 billion, just topping the $63.5 billion estimated on average by analysts,
according to data compiled by Bloomberg.

The October-through-December period is the biggest test yet of chief executive
officer Tim Cook's ability to roll out breakthrough new products since becoming
Apple's chief executive officer in 2011. He's counting on updated versions of
the iPhone and iPad to help revive sales while he pushes Apple into new
categories, including mobile payments with a service dubbed Apple Pay that
debuted Monday. A smartwatch called Apple Watch is also slated to arrive next
year.

"The stock still remains undervalued," Brian White, an analyst at Cantor
Fitzgerald, said Monday in a note to investors. "The market needs to start
thinking more boldly about Apple and appreciate the company's opportunity to
reinvent new product categories for years to come."

Investor optimism about the new products has boosted Apple's shares more than 24
per cent this year. The stock rose 2.1 per cent to $99.76 at the close in New
York.

For the fiscal fourth quarter ended Sept. 27, Apple's net income rose to $8.47
billion, or $1.42 a share, from $7.51 billion, or $1.18 a share, a year ago.
Sales were $42.1 billion, up 12 per cent from $37.5 billion a year earlier.
Analysts had projected profit of $1.30 a share on sales of $39.91 billion.

"Our fiscal 2014 was one for the record books, including the biggest iPhone
launch ever with iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus," Cook said Monday in a statement.

The results give a peek into how the introduction of the new bigger-screen
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have gone after becoming available on Sept. 19. Apple has
said it sold more than 10 million of the devices in their debut weekend, yet the
rollout was marred by snafus with updates to the iOS 8 mobile-operating system
and some user complaints that the 6 Plus would bend when sat upon.

IPhone sales for the fourth quarter, including more than a week of the new
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus on store shelves, were 39.3 million, up 16 per cent from a
year ago and more than the 38 million predicted by analysts on average in a
Bloomberg survey.

The company sold 12.3 million iPads, below an estimated 13 million units
projected by analysts and down 13 per cent from a year ago, according to data
compiled by Bloomberg. It was the third consecutive quarter that iPad sales
declined.

The quarter included the closing of Apple's $3-billion acquisition of Beats
Electronics, which makes headphones and has a music-streaming service.

Following the unveiling of the new iPhones last month, investor expectations for
Apple have only grown. Activist investor Carl Icahn is also turning up the
pressure on Cook, saying Apple's shares should be trading at more than twice
their current value and indicating he believes the world's most valuable company
should be worth more than $1 trillion based upon the potential for the new
iPhones, iPads and other products in the near future.

"Expectations for Apple always are high," said Tim Bajarin, president of
Creative Strategies, who's bullish about the potential for the new iPhones to
give the company a record quarter. "As long as they can deliver, they'll sell as
many as they can make in this quarter."

Having new iPhones and iPads on store shelves is crucial for Apple. During the
holiday season, consumer spending on electronics in the U.S. is anticipated to
increase 2.5 per cent to $33.8 billion, the highest level since the Consumer
Electronics Association began tracking it in 1994. The top items on technology
wish lists, according to the group's annual Holiday Purchase Pattern Study, are
tablets.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              979 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                           January 6, 2016 Wednesday

Car company employees nabbed for telco subscription fraud

BYLINE: Julliane Love de Jesus

LENGTH: 290  words


For allegedly faking identities and documents to get a postpaid subscription
with high-end phones, four employees of a car company were arrested by the
police and Globe Telecom security in Cebu.

Employees of Kia Motors in SM Cebu City namely Girly Belleza, Allen Marie
Almario, Gerald Anthony Lizares and Wildredo Arabis have been arrested for
subscription fraud, according to Globe Telecom Inc.'s media release.

A joint team of Cebu City police and Globe Telecom security caught the suspects
in an entrapment operation after allegedly submitting fake documents to apply
for postpaid accounts that included provision for expensive smartphones.

Based on investigation, the four individuals all submitted fake documents, using
fictitious names, in acquiring postpaid subscription with high end phones, the
telecommunications company said.

Citing a police report, Globe Telecom said Belleza, a sales agent of Kia, got
two units of iPhone 6 Plus and iPhone 5 while Almario, a cashier of the car
company, got three cellphone units including an iPhone 6, an iPhone 6 Plus and a
Samsung Galaxy Core Prime.

Another Kia sales agent, Lizares, was able to get two units of iPhone 6 Plus
while Arabis, an administrative employee of Kia, got two units of iPhone 6 and a
Lenovo handphone.

The arrested individuals have been detained by the police while criminal charges
are being filed against them.

The telco giant vowed to prosecute illegal activities involving their products
and services with the aid of its Protec01 campaign.

The campaign tackles the issues of weak passwords, the dangers of the auto fill
feature, online sharing of information and awareness on new software and other
factors that make an account unstable and vulnerable to danger, it said.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                              980 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            September 6, 2015 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Another iPhone in the wings?

BYLINE: Hayley Tsukayama

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 465 words


With Apple's announced media event coming Wednesday, speculation and fervor
around the company's next products are kicking into high gear. And we're pretty
sure we're going to see at least one new iPhone next week, unless Apple
completely bucks tradition.

But the rumor mill is looking pretty good on the appearance of an iPhone 6S and
an iPhone 6S Plus, which would be in keeping with Apple's standard product
cycle.

So what will we see on the new iPhone? The biggest main feature addition that
analysts and tech reporters expect is Force Touch. That's right, just in time
for the big "Star Wars" push, Apple is adding the force to its iPhone.

Force Touch is a feature that is already on the Apple Watch and the newest
MacBook - it is a sort of right click for touch-sensitive screens, or the long
press on Android devices. Pushing down more vigorously on a touchscreen or, in
the case of the MacBook, a touchpad brings up other options, which in turn can
expand the options Apple users have to interact with their apps.

The new iPhones are expected to be a little thicker to accommodate this
technology, according to a post from MacRumors. Speculation also exists that the
next iPhone will have a rose-gold color option similar to what we have seen on
the Apple Watch. Unlike the super-expensive rose-gold watch, however, the
pinkish phone is expected to be made of aluminum.

The new phone is also expected to have an upgraded camera. According to
9t05Mac's Mark Gurman, the new phones will have a 12 MP camera that shoots in
4K, as well as a flash for selfies. (Because we all know there's nothing worse
than a dim selfie.)

Overall, the new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus are expected to be a minor upgrade for 6
and 6 Plus users, although possibly more attractive to those still rocking the
iPhone 5S or earlier models.

As for nonphone news, the expectation is that Apple is going to show off a new
Apple TV set-top box, giving the product its first major upgrade in several
years. The new box is expected to launch without Apple's expected TV service,
which reports indicate is still hung up in negotiations. A new report from
Variety indicates that Apple may also be looking into producing original
content.

Still, we're unlikely to hear much, if anything, about that next week. Gurman, a
reliable source for Apple news, has reported that the new box could cost about
$200 - far more than the $99 of the previous Apple TV, which Apple had
discounted even more to $69.

The Apple TV is expected to have some new features to explain the price,
including built-in support for the Siri voice assistant and a revamped remote.
The remote, Gurman said, could include a more traditional remote sensor, so that
you can use it to control older devices as well as Bluetooth-enabled gadgets.

hayley.tsukayama@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              981 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                    September 26, 2015 Saturday 12:04 AM GMT

iPhone 6S: Apple's star could be on the wane with smaller queues at UK launch;
The expected lines outside Apple's stores in London and beyond were still
400-strong but down 60% on last year's iPhone 6 launch

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs and agencies

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 547 words


The now-yearly queue for the new iPhone release was back again, but outside
Apple's Covent Garden store - the biggest in Europe - the mass of people queuing
for the just released iPhone 6S wasn't quite as big as last year.

Some die-hard fans queued overnight to be the first few to get their hands on
the new iPhone 6S or 6S Plus, of course. Front of the queue was 29-year-old Sam
Shaikh, from Stratford, who had camped outside the store "since 8.30pm on Monday
night" and had been the first in line for the iPhone 6 last year.

But the metal barriers erected in the cobbled streets in front of the store were
not full to bursting, as they were last year and the year before. The scene in
London was described by onlookers as "a lot less hectic".

Estimates put the queue at around 400 people strong by the time the doors opened
at 8am; an impressive number for any launch butfar short of the 1,000 or so that
queued last year.

Does that mean the appeal of the iPhone 6S was just not big enough to drag as
many people onto the streets overnight as last year's iPhone?

Tick, tock

The iPhone 6S is the "tock" in Apple's two-year "tick, tock" update cycle. Once
every two years - the "tick" year - the design of the smartphone changes making
it look like a new phone. In the alternate, "tock" year the outside stays the
same while Apple upgrades the internal components. The iPhone 6 was the tick
with a larger screen, the iPhone 6S is the tock.

The new iPhone 6S and larger 6S Plus have a new pressure sensitive "3D Touch"
screen, improved camera, quicker fingerprint scanner and faster processor, but
they essentially look the same as last year's models - save for a new pink
colour.

Early reviews were positive, but revealed that Apple had failed to address a
major pain point for consumers: short battery life.

Smaller queues could show a couple of things. First that buyers might not be
quite as eager this time around. Apple claims the new iPhone is looking set to
beat the 10m sold of last year's iPhone 6 with the first few days.

Perhaps queuing overnight has lost the allure it once had when that was the only
way to guarantee being one of the first in the country to buy one. But queueing
is not the only way to buy one and hasn't been for several years, leaving only
the die-hard fans or those looking to flip the devices and sell them for a
profit.

Apple opens up pre-orders on its online store several days after announcing its
smartphones. Typically pre-order delivery times quickly increase. This year,
however, Apple either had enough stock in place to deliver many more new iPhones
to buyers on launch day or the demand was not quite as big. Only in the last
week has the delivery time increased to one-to-two weeks.

Buyers can also reserve and iPhone for purchase in store, like many other shops
offering "click and collect", which means there isn't quite such the urgency to
rush to the shops.

Whatever the reason, and we won't know until Apple reveals sales numbers, the
queues are not as massive and the streets in front of various Apple stores
around the country are not quite as clogged as they once were.


     ·    Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus review roundup: stronger, faster, heavier
     ·    iOS 9 review: an upgrade to jump for, or skip?
     ·    Why Apple shouldn't be selling a 16GB iPhone 6S or 6S Plus


LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              982 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                            October 14, 2014 Tuesday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

The iPhone 6 coming to more countries this month

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 346 words


Apple's latest smartphone and its first phablet, the iPhone 6 Plus, will be
going on sale in a further 36 countries by the end of October, starting with
China on Friday.

On the same day, the handsets will also be making their debuts in India and
Monaco as Apple targets Middle East, European and Asian territories.

The handsets will go on sale in Israel on October 23, and one day later in the
Czech Republic, French West Indies, Greenland, Malta, Poland, Reunion Island and
South Africa.

By the end of the month the phones will also be officially available in Bahrain,
Kuwait, Albania, Bosnia, Croatia, Estonia, Greece, Guam, Hungary, Iceland,
Kosovo, Latvia, Lithuania, Macau, Macedonia, Mexico, Moldova, Montenegro,
Serbia, South Korea, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Ukraine and Thailand, bringing
the number of countries where the iPhone is available up to 69.

Apple plans to have rolled the new devices out to 115 countries in total before
the end of the year.

The iPhone 6 boasts a 4.7-inch display while the larger iPhone 6 Plus offers a
5.5-inch screen. Both handsets are available in a choice of space grey, gold or
silver, and despite achieving record sales -- 10 million+ handsets over their
initial weekend of availability -- the handsets have also attracted their fair
share of controversy.

First there was 'Bendgate,' a criticism that went viral about how easy it was to
bend an iPhone when it was carried in a back pocket, followed by Beardgate and
Hairgate.

Thanks to the tiny gap between the screen and the edge of the handset's body,
users are complaining that they are snagging their facial hair in the space and
like tweezers, they are being plucked every time they take a voice call. Female
users have also reported getting their hair tangled around the rear-facing
camera which protrudes slightly from the body when making phone calls.

Nevertheless, the handsets, in particular the larger phablet iPhone 6 Plus, are
proving very popular. So popular in fact that Apple has reportedly increased
manufacturing capacity for the larger Plus model to keep up with demand.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2014 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              983 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

People go on holiday just to stand in an iPhone line

BYLINE: By Tim Higgins, Doni Bloomfield and Cornelius Rahn Bloomberg

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 973 words


Going on an iVacation?

The long lines of people eager to get their hands on Apple Inc.'s latest iPhones
took on a new flavor this year, as queues swelled with tourists joining in the
revelry to buy handsets that aren't yet available back home.

Russians standing in line in Berlin's Kurfürstendamm sang "Katyusha" and drank
vodka, while Brazilians traveled halfway across the world to Sydney to pick up
the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models. Mandarin, Vietnamese and Spanish were being
spoken outside San Francisco's Apple Store.

"We decided to line up because it's cheaper here," said Eva Trancoso, 27, who
was in Tokyo waiting with two other Dutch tourists at a shop in Shibuya. "And it
won't be available in Holland" for a while, she said.

The globe-trotting shoppers lining up on the first day of iPhone sales in
Australia, Japan, Singapore, Hong Kong, Germany, France, U.K., Canada, Puerto
Rico and the U.S. were there because they won't be able to buy the new
bigger-screen smartphones until Sept. 26 at the earliest in the next batch of
countries. While the new iPhones make ideal travel gifts, they're also an
attractive investment opportunity for resellers planning to market them at a
premium in their home countries.

Apple's iPhone rollout is the most important event this year for the Cupertino,
California-based company. Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook is counting on the
handsets to maintain Apple's sales growth. The devices generate more than half
of the company's annual $171 billion in revenue and precede a swath of other
products, including new iPads and Apple Watch. The iPhones have screens of 4.7
inches and 5.5 inches, compared with 4 inches for previous models, which is
helping to boost their appeal to new consumers.

"I came here for tourism, and my wife and friends asked me to bring them the new
iPhone," Yury Shchepetkov, a 24-year-old power engineer from Moscow, said while
waiting in Berlin. "I had no idea I would be stuck in line for two nights
without a sleeping bag."

Tiago Amorim was waiting outside of Apple's Fifth Avenue store in New York after
flying up from Brazil to get his hands on one.

"We love iPhones," the 14-year-old said.

Amorim was in a line that, as of 8 a.m., was 33 percent longer than last year's
debut of the iPhone 5s and 5c, according to Piper Jaffray Cos.

"There was an even more significant influence of international buyers, even more
than last year," Gene Munster, an analyst at Piper Jaffray, wrote in a note to
investors.

Apple hasn't said when China and Brazil will get the new iPhones. They aren't on
the list of countries that will get the phones in the next wave, which includes
Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Liechtenstein,
Luxembourg, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Qatar, Russia, Saudi
Arabia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Turkey and the United Arab Emirates.

"We traveled about 35 hours to get our hands on the new iPhone before everyone
else in Brazil," said William Marchiori, 25, who flew to Australia from Sao
Paulo. "We took three flights and got here two days ago, and we lined up."

The new iPhones are targeted directly at bigger-screen smartphones popular with
consumers in Asia. Those phones typically run on Android and are made by Samsung
Electronics Co., Xiaomi Corp. and Lenovo Group Ltd., among others.

"It's a big status symbol everywhere," Tim Bajarin, an analyst at Creative
Strategies Inc., said of the new iPhones and the global interest.

Carolyn Wu, a Beijing-based spokeswoman for Apple, didn't respond to a request
for comment about when phones would reach Brazil and China. She previously
declined to comment on when the new models will be available in China other than
to say the iPhone 6 "will get here as soon as possible."

Among the hundreds of people lined up to buy a phone at an Apple store in Paris
was Elias Kartout, a 22-year-old student from Belgium, who came with four
friends. They'd been vacationing in Italy when they changed course.

"The new iPhone's not on sale back home in Belgium, so we're making a detour to
buy it in France," he said.

More than 1,000 people lined up in the rain at the Apple Store on London's
Regent Street, where people sat on pieces of cardboard to stay dry and two
Russian tourists dressed up as a banana and a bear.

Not everyone in that line was in a good mood. Llewellen Fourie, 39, a surveyor
from London who had been in line since Sept. 18, said he was frustrated because
he expected most of the people in line were planning to resell them overseas.

"They should make people open it and activate it in the store," Fourie said.
"People will have it in China tomorrow."

Last year, was the first -- and so far only -- time that Apple's phones were
available in China on the same day as the global debut.

Previously, the typical three-month lag before the iPhone's debut in China
helped fuel smuggling of about 20 million iPhones into China annually, according
to Jun Zhang, head of China equities research at Rosenblatt Securities Inc. in
San Francisco. As many as 5 million iPhones may be smuggled into China before
the new models are officially available, according to Neil Shah, Mumbai-based
research director for devices at Counterpoint Research.

Several people in line in San Francisco said they planned to buy phones to
resell. Others were there to soak up the atmosphere, including Ramzan
Keshwanies, 27, a flight attendant based in Hong Kong who arrived in San
Francisco and was spending his day off waiting in line at the Apple Store.

"I was supposed to be here on the launch day of the iPhone 6 and I thought maybe
I should go and do camping and get my hands on iPhone 6," he said. "It's good
fun."

In nearby Palo Alto, California, CEO Cook posed for photos at an Apple Store and
later tweeted, "Thanks to all the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus owners around
the world!"

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Associated Press Ken Miyauchi, left, vice president of Japanese mobile
phone company Softbank, hugs the first customer of iPhone 6 during a ceremony to
mark the first day of sales of the new Apple iPhone 6 and 6 Plus at a store in
Tokyo Friday.Associated Press Courtney Morelle, left, and Jack Golf, along with
other customers camp in the rain waiting for Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
at the Apple Store in Highland Village Friday in Houston.Associated Press Joy
Ding sleeps as she waits in line with friends for the opening of the Apple Store
for the launch and sale of the new iPhone 6 on Friday in Palo Alto, Calif.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              984 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                           January 28, 2015 Wednesday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Apple EPS Soars 48% As iPhones Top Views; Apple Watch Ships In April; 74.5 mil
handsets sold on 6 and 6 Plus models; stock advances 5% late

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: FRONT PAGE NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 690 words


Wall Street expected Apple to report a huge holiday quarter, and it didn't
disappoint. The iPhone maker's earnings and sales smashed even the most
optimistic expectations, sending shares higher late Tuesday.

For its fiscal first quarter ended Dec. 27, Apple earned $3.06 a share on sales
of $74.6 billion. EPS leaped 48% from a year earlier and sales 30% -- both the
best gains in 11 quarters. It was the third straight quarter of accelerating
revenue growth.

Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters forecast Apple to earn $2.60 a share on sales
of $67.69 billion.

Apple sold 74.5 million iPhones in Q1, up 46% vs. a year earlier. The consensus
was about 68 million, with the most bullish analysts targeting just over 70
million units.

Gross profit margin was 39.9% vs. 37.9% a year earlier, defying forecasts for a
dip to 37.7%.

Apple stock jumped 5% in after-hours trading. During the regular session, shares
fell 3.5% to 109.13.

"Demand for iPhone has been staggering, shattering our high expectations, with
sales of over 74 million units driven by the unprecedented popularity of the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus," Apple CEO Tim Cook said on a conference call with
analysts. "This volume is hard to comprehend. On average, we sold over 34,000
iPhones every hour, 24 hours a day, every day of the quarter."

Cook said Q1 results would have been even stronger "absent fierce foreign
exchange volatility."

For the March quarter, Apple expects sales of $52 billion to $55 billion, or
$53.5 billion at the midpoint, which is a hair below Wall Street's target. Apple
tends to give conservative guidance.

Apple didn't provide an EPS forecast, but said its gross margin should be 38.5%
to 39.5%.

Wall Street was modeling for Q2 EPS of $2.01, up 21%, on sales of $53.79
billion, up 18%.

"It was a fantastic quarter," said BGC Partners analyst Colin Gillis.

But it shows Apple's heavy reliance on the iPhone, he told IBD. It's hard to
believe that Apple could sustain these sorts of sales figures and upgrade rates,
he said.

The iPhone accounted for 69% of total sales, or $51.18 billion. The iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus models went on sale on Sept. 19, in the waning days of fiscal Q4.

The iPad business was Apple's second largest, with $8.99 billion in sales, or
12% of the total. It sold 21.4 million iPad tablets in Q1, down 18% vs. a year
earlier and below the consensus for 22.7 million. Apple's iPad sales have been
hurt by longer-than-expected upgrade cycles and cannibalization from the
big-screen iPhone 6 Plus.

Apple also sold 5.5 million Mac computers, up 14% from a year earlier.

Greater China sales leaped 70% to $16.14 billion.

Investor focus now shifts to the March quarter, which won't include the Apple
Watch. Cook said the smartwatch will begin shipping in April.

"Developers are hard at work on (Apple Watch) apps, notifications and
information summaries that we call Glances, all designed specifically for the
watch's user interface," Cook said. "The creativity and software innovation
going on around Apple Watch is incredibly exciting. And we can't wait for our
customers to experience them when Apple Watch becomes available."

Analysts expect Apple to sell about 55 million iPhones in the March quarter, up
from prior expectations for 50 million.

On the analyst call, Cook touted the Apple Pay mobile e-payment solution. He
said Apple Pay continues to attract retailers and is dominating financial
activity in the contactless payments market.

"Apple Pay is off to a very strong start and the feedback we are getting from
both individuals and institutions is extremely positive," Cook said. "Today
about 750 banks and credit unions have signed on to bring Apple Pay to their
customers, and in just three months after launch Apple Pay makes up more than $2
out $3 spent on purchases using contactless payment across the three major U.S.
card networks."

Cook said he is convinced that "2015 will be the year of Apple Pay."

Apple also has high expectations for its alliance with IBM to develop an
enterprise mobile app ecosystem for Apple iPads.

Shares of iPhone suppliers also rose late, including Skyworks Solutions, Avago
Technologies and NXP Semiconductors.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              985 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

Chinese buyers go the extra mile for new iPhones

BYLINE: Agence France-Presse in Tokyo

LENGTH: 590  words


Buyers from the Chinese mainland, deprived of the latest iPhone launch at home,
were among the first in line on Friday in Japan to grab the "6" and its new
large-screen cousin as Apple Inc hit back at rivals.

A man places collect bags containing the newly released iPhone 6, outside an
Apple store in Hong Kong Sept 19, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Buyers from the Chinese mainland, deprived of the latest iPhone launch at home,
were among the first in line on Friday in Japan to grab the "6" and its new
large-screen cousin as Apple Inc hit back at rivals.

A thriving secondary market was emerging hours after the first phones left
stores, with the Chinese mainland having been left out of the initial global
rollout.

Dealers in Hong Kong said they were prepared to offer a hefty premium.

"If we are talking about the 128-gigabyte version, we would buy it for as much
as HK$18,000 ($2,320)," said Gary Yiu, the manager of the iGeneration phone
store.

That's more than double the price of the top-of-the-range iPhone 6 Plus.

"I have around 200 pre-orders with 60 to 70 percent of these from mainland
customers," Yiu said, adding he had dispatched 10 staff members to snap up as
many handsets as they could.

Yiu said the golden version of the 128-gigabyte iPhone 6-Plus was the most
sought after model, adding he could resell it for over HK$20,000.

"There will be very little stock for this model, so a lot of people will be
going for it," he said.

In Japan, where the iPhone was being sold without a SIM lock on launch day for
the first time, dozens of Chinese buyers had queued outside Tokyo's Apple
stores.

"We can now buy a SIM-lock free iPhone for the same price as one locked on a
local Japanese carrier," said Lin Wenming, an IT engineer who works in Japan.

Several of the Chinese waiting in line spoke neither Japanese nor English. Some
of those who did indicated they had come from China specially for the launch.

In Sydney, the first place in the world to get the phone, some buyers had also
travelled a long way.

David Rahimi, the first to emerge from the glass doors of the flagship store,
said he was "super excited" to pick up the new model.

Rahimi and girlfriend Jasmine Juan, who are from California, had been outside
the store from 5 am local time, just three hours before the store opened because
they had pre-ordered.

But others, like South Korean Jin Sik Kim, had spent days in front of the store
before the doors opened revealing scores of blue T-shirt wearing Apple employees
ready to help.

Kim, who had travelled from Seoul specifically to buy the phone, said he had
been waiting since Sunday, sleeping out and eating at the nearby McDonald's.

"It's a very unique phone," said Kim who was queueing with six friends and
wanting to buy both models. "It's bigger than the previous model."

Both new models have increased screen sizes in what some see as the company
catching up to a "phablet" trend combining features of smartphones and tablets.

The iPhone 6 has a screen of 4.7 inches and the 6-Plus is 5.5 inches, reflecting
consumers' apparent preference for bigger displays, despite Apple's earlier vow
to stick with the traditional size.

Apple's main rival Samsung Electronics Co Ltd has long had a range of larger
handsets and is due to soon release a new Galaxy Note 4 "phablet."

The California-based tech giant has said more than 4 million pre-orders were
received in the 24 hours after the sale of the new devices was announced.

Apple unveils the Watch, larger iPhones at star-studded event

Apple iPhone 6 wins two regulatory approvals in China

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              986 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 5:04 PM GMT

How much is the iPhone 7 and will the iPhone 6s price drop after Apple launch?;

If rumours are true, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus UK price shouldn't differ
too much from previous Apple smartphone releases

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 431 words


Apple is gearing up to launch its next-generation iPhone at an event in
California later today.

If the online rumour mill is anything to go by, this year it will almost
certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed.

There should be two iPhone 7 models announced at the launch event later today -
the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus - and as with the iPhone 6 and 6S, they'll both
come with different storage options.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

But how much will the iPhone 7 set you back?

First off, there's talk that Apple will kill of the 16GB model, meaning the
price of the cheapest (32GB) SIM free iPhone 7 could be slightly more expensive
than the iPhone 6S when it launched last year - what with it being double the
capacity of last year's iPhone 6S entry model.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone

If Apple sticks to its normal pattern, the iPhone 7 will start at £539 in the UK
- that's the same price as the 32GB iPhone 6s

From there, the next two internal storage sizes will increase the iPhone 7
price: 64GB should be £619, while the 128GB would be £699.

iPhone 7 leak claims Apple's next iPhone will charge up A LOT faster than its
predecessor

As well as slashing the 16GB model this year, Apple is expected to introduce a
new 256GB model for the first time.

It's likely Apple will decide to charge a premium for this new configuration. If
it follows the same pattern in pricing, this could set you back a whopping £779.

Rumours also suggest that if we see a 256GB model, Apple will not bother with a
64GB model, offering just three storage options - 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

If rumours are true, the cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus will likely cost around
£679, followed by a 128GB model at £769, and then a 256GB variant costing an
astonishing £879.

iPhone 7 launch date leaked as new photos indicate a big change to the home
button

The good news for those not wanting to splash out hundreds for a brand new
smartphone is that Apple is likely to slash the price of its iPhone 6S models
after the launch of the iPhone 7.

Traditionally, Apple has taken around £100 off its previous generation
smartphones, so it's very possible that the iPhone 6s will be available from
around £450, with the iPhone 6 being discontinued.

Also note that all the UK networks will be offering contract deals shortly after
the iPhone 7 announcement, so keep your eyes peeled for that.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              987 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                    September 24, 2014 Wednesday 9:16 AM GMT

New iPhone 6 owners complain it BENDS after a few days in your pocket;
A number of fans have posted photos showing the phone has warped

BYLINE: By Steve Robson

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 149 words


Splashed out for the new iPhone 6?

You might find it comes with an unexpected feature.

A number of owners have complained their new smartphone has become BENT after
only a few days being kept in a pocket.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus - which cost £539 and £619 respectively - were
launched around the world last Friday.

New features include a larger screen surrounded by an aluminium frame.

Bent iPhone 1

Bent iPhone 2

But several owners have posted evidence that the phone bends all too easily.

One Apple fan named Hanzoh posted on MacRumours forum that his new iPhone 6 Plus
has been left distorted after only 18 hours in his pocket.

The issue quickly took hold on social media and has been dubbed 'bend-gate'.

One tech enthusiast even posted a video on YouTube to prove how easily it can be
done.

Apple has so far declined to comment on the alleged problem.

Does the new iPhone 6 really bend that easily?

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              988 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 5:04 PM GMT

How much is the new iPhone 7 and will the iPhone 6s price drop after Apple
launch?;
If rumours are true, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus UK price shouldn't differ
too much from previous Apple smartphone releases

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 431 words


Apple is gearing up to launch its next-generation iPhone at an event in
California later today.

If the online rumour mill is anything to go by, this year it will almost
certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed.

There should be two iPhone 7 models announced at the launch event later today -
the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus - and as with the iPhone 6 and 6S, they'll both
come with different storage options.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

But how much will the iPhone 7 set you back?

First off, there's talk that Apple will kill of the 16GB model, meaning the
price of the cheapest (32GB) SIM free iPhone 7 could be slightly more expensive
than the iPhone 6S when it launched last year - what with it being double the
capacity of last year's iPhone 6S entry model.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone

If Apple sticks to its normal pattern, the iPhone 7 will start at £539 in the UK
- that's the same price as the 32GB iPhone 6s

From there, the next two internal storage sizes will increase the iPhone 7
price: 64GB should be £619, while the 128GB would be £699.

iPhone 7 leak claims Apple's next iPhone will charge up A LOT faster than its
predecessor

As well as slashing the 16GB model this year, Apple is expected to introduce a
new 256GB model for the first time.

It's likely Apple will decide to charge a premium for this new configuration. If
it follows the same pattern in pricing, this could set you back a whopping £779.

Rumours also suggest that if we see a 256GB model, Apple will not bother with a
64GB model, offering just three storage options - 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

If rumours are true, the cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus will likely cost around
£679, followed by a 128GB model at £769, and then a 256GB variant costing an
astonishing £879.

iPhone 7 launch date leaked as new photos indicate a big change to the home
button

The good news for those not wanting to splash out hundreds for a brand new
smartphone is that Apple is likely to slash the price of its iPhone 6S models
after the launch of the iPhone 7.

Traditionally, Apple has taken around £100 off its previous generation
smartphones, so it's very possible that the iPhone 6s will be available from
around £450, with the iPhone 6 being discontinued.

Also note that all the UK networks will be offering contract deals shortly after
the iPhone 7 announcement, so keep your eyes peeled for that.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              989 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 5:04 PM GMT

How much is the new iPhone 7 and will the iPhone 6s price drop after Apple
launch?;
If rumours are true, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus UK price shouldn't differ
too much from previous Apple smartphone releases

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 431 words


Apple is gearing up to launch its next-generation iPhone at an event in
California later today.

If the online rumour mill is anything to go by, this year it will almost
certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed.

There should be two iPhone 7 models announced at the launch event later today -
the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus - and as with the iPhone 6 and 6S, they'll both
come with different storage options.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

But how much will the iPhone 7 set you back?

First off, there's talk that Apple will kill of the 16GB model, meaning the
price of the cheapest (32GB) SIM free iPhone 7 could be slightly more expensive
than the iPhone 6S when it launched last year - what with it being double the
capacity of last year's iPhone 6S entry model.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone

If Apple sticks to its normal pattern, the iPhone 7 will start at £539 in the UK
- that's the same price as the 32GB iPhone 6s

From there, the next two internal storage sizes will increase the iPhone 7
price: 64GB should be £619, while the 128GB would be £699.

iPhone 7 leak claims Apple's next iPhone will charge up A LOT faster than its
predecessor

As well as slashing the 16GB model this year, Apple is expected to introduce a
new 256GB model for the first time.

It's likely Apple will decide to charge a premium for this new configuration. If
it follows the same pattern in pricing, this could set you back a whopping £779.

Rumours also suggest that if we see a 256GB model, Apple will not bother with a
64GB model, offering just three storage options - 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

If rumours are true, the cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus will likely cost around
£679, followed by a 128GB model at £769, and then a 256GB variant costing an
astonishing £879.

iPhone 7 launch date leaked as new photos indicate a big change to the home
button

The good news for those not wanting to splash out hundreds for a brand new
smartphone is that Apple is likely to slash the price of its iPhone 6S models
after the launch of the iPhone 7.

Traditionally, Apple has taken around £100 off its previous generation
smartphones, so it's very possible that the iPhone 6s will be available from
around £450, with the iPhone 6 being discontinued.

Also note that all the UK networks will be offering contract deals shortly after
the iPhone 7 announcement, so keep your eyes peeled for that.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              990 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 5:04 PM GMT

How much is the new iPhone 7 and will the iPhone 6s price drop after Apple
launch?;
If rumours are true, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus UK price shouldn't differ
too much from previous Apple smartphone releases

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 431 words


Apple is gearing up to launch its next-generation iPhone at an event in
California later today.

If the online rumour mill is anything to go by, this year it will almost
certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed.

There should be two iPhone 7 models announced at the launch event later today -
the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus - and as with the iPhone 6 and 6S, they'll both
come with different storage options.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

But how much will the iPhone 7 set you back?

First off, there's talk that Apple will kill of the 16GB model, meaning the
price of the cheapest (32GB) SIM free iPhone 7 could be slightly more expensive
than the iPhone 6S when it launched last year - what with it being double the
capacity of last year's iPhone 6S entry model.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone

If Apple sticks to its normal pattern, the iPhone 7 will start at £539 in the UK
- that's the same price as the 32GB iPhone 6s

From there, the next two internal storage sizes will increase the iPhone 7
price: 64GB should be £619, while the 128GB would be £699.

iPhone 7 leak claims Apple's next iPhone will charge up A LOT faster than its
predecessor

As well as slashing the 16GB model this year, Apple is expected to introduce a
new 256GB model for the first time.

It's likely Apple will decide to charge a premium for this new configuration. If
it follows the same pattern in pricing, this could set you back a whopping £779.

Rumours also suggest that if we see a 256GB model, Apple will not bother with a
64GB model, offering just three storage options - 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

If rumours are true, the cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus will likely cost around
£679, followed by a 128GB model at £769, and then a 256GB variant costing an
astonishing £879.

iPhone 7 launch date leaked as new photos indicate a big change to the home
button

The good news for those not wanting to splash out hundreds for a brand new
smartphone is that Apple is likely to slash the price of its iPhone 6S models
after the launch of the iPhone 7.

Traditionally, Apple has taken around £100 off its previous generation
smartphones, so it's very possible that the iPhone 6s will be available from
around £450, with the iPhone 6 being discontinued.

Also note that all the UK networks will be offering contract deals shortly after
the iPhone 7 announcement, so keep your eyes peeled for that.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              991 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           November 1, 2014 Saturday

iPhone 6 stock flows out of India to meet China demand and Black Friday sales in
US

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: RETAIL

LENGTH: 351 words


KOLKATA: Apple's new flagship iPhone 6 is facing a stock-out in India with the
US firm diverting supplies to select markets such as China, where there's an
unprecedented demand, and to build up stocks for Black Friday shopping on
November 28.

As a result, several large retailers and Apple exclusive stores have stopped
booking of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus."With Apple's distributors failing to
commit on supplies after the launch, we have stopped advance booking to avoid
any confrontation with customer," head of a big electronics retail chain said on
condition of anonymity.

Three senior executives of Apple's trade partners in India said iPhone 6
supplies have become erratic in last two weeks with only an estimated 15,000
units coming in phases. During the midnight launch on October 17, Apple had
shipped around 55,000 units of the new iPhones to India. Supplies of 64 GB
variant of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - which is the most in demand - is the least, the
executives said.

According to industry sources, Apple India management has reportedly warned the
Cupertino, California headquarters that if supplies do not regularise, it may
become an uphill task to beat last year's record sales of two lakh units of the
then new iPhone 5s and 5c during the October-December quarter.

An email sent to Apple did not elicit any response till Thursday press time.

Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at market research firm Counterpoint Research, said
supply issues, exorbitant pricing and lack of EMI offers on iPhone 6 series will
cap the demand for the new Apple flagship at least next two or three
months."Till that time we expect a steady growth in iPhone 5s due to recent
price cuts," he said.

Apple cut prices of older iPhone models two weeks ago. The iPhone 5s 16GB is now
sold at Rs 42,999 while 5c 16GB model is priced Rs 34,000. The 5c 8GB is
available for Rs 29,000 and iPhone 4s 8GB for Rs 21,500.

iPhone models two weeks ago. The iPhone 5s 16GB is now sold at Rs 42,999 while
5c 16GB model is priced Rs 34,000. The 5c 8GB is available for Rs 29,000 and
iPhone 4s 8GB for Rs 21,500.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              992 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday

Demand for iPhone 6 'off the charts,' says CEO;
Apple boss Cook says company set sales record for smartphones, but iPad demand
continues to fall

BYLINE: Michael Lewis Toronto Star

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 522 words


Apple Inc. is forecasting better-than-expected holiday sales on demand for the
newly released, bigger screen iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus that chief executive
Tim Cook calls "off the charts."

Cook said the products are the fastest-selling Apple smartphones ever, adding
that the company is excited by initial results in China, where the new iPhones
rolled out on Friday.

Apple, in its fiscal fourth-quarter earnings report Monday, predicted revenue
for the 2015 first quarter of between $63.5 billion (U.S.) to $66.5 billion,
ahead of the $63.5 billion consensus estimate of analysts as compiled by
Bloomberg.

The company also said it topped expectations for sales and earnings in the
current quarter - but its shares rose only marginally in late trading, temp-ered
by a worse-than-expected drop in iPad tablet sales.

Apple said it sold more than 10 million units of the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and the
5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus in the first weekend after their launch in late September
and on Monday released its iOS 8.1 software update to bring the Apple Pay mobile
payment system to users of the devices.

Cook said hundreds of banks and many of the largest retailers have agreed to
support the payment system and the company is working to extend the service
around the world.

Apple has also launched its Apple Watch wearable device to go on sale in early
2015.

And the Cupertino, Calif.-based company last week unveiled a pair of new iPads
in an effort to reverse a sales decline, along with premium-priced Mac PCs.

Cook, in an earnings call, said Apple is entering the holidays with its
strongest product lineup - while analysts are looking beyond the September
quarter to gauge the full financial impact of the new offerings.

Cook said iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus demand have outstripped supply and helped
the company register fourth quarter sales of $42.1 billion (U.S.) and earnings
of $8.5 billion or $1.42 per share, versus consensus estimates of $39.96 billion
and $1.30 per share.

Apple's signature smartphones are the company's biggest source of revenue and
profit.

Shipments of iPhones reached a record 39.3 million units in the September
quarter to exceed the 38 million expected, while iPad sales were down 13 per
cent year over year, shipping 12.3 million versus forecasts for 13 million.

Mac shipments of 5.5 million exceeded the 4.75 million predicted to counter a
long-term global trend toward declining PC sales.

Over the previous 12 months, Apple reported revenue of $182.8 billion and $39.5
billion in profits. Cook said the year was "one for the record books."

"We had a really, really good quarter," chief financial officer Luca Maestri
said.

He also credited strong demand for the company's Mac computers and its online
app store.

Maestri said Apple is counting on interest in new iPad models coming out this
week and a partnership with IBM, which will create new tablet software for
business users, to help shore up tablet sales in the coming months.

Apple shares rose 1.2 per cent to $100.95 (U.S.) in extended trading. The
company declared a cash dividend of 47 cents per share payable on November 13.

With files from Star wire services

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A worker demonstrates the new Apple Pay mobile payment system Monday in
San Francisco. The payment system launched Monday at select banks and retail
outlets. Justin Sullivan/GETTY IMAGES

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2014 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              993 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            April 14, 2016 Thursday

APPLE iPHONE SE: Looks small, lives large

BYLINE: Nandagopal Rajan

LENGTH: 610  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


The Apple iPhone SE was supposed to be the big price play from Apple. But Apple
held on to its price, at least in markets like India, with this new small phone.
However, it is still a phone with a unique selling proposition, thanks to its
now rare form factor. Can the 4-inch frame be the one thing that endures this
new phone to the world?

The SE in iPhone SE is supposed to stand for special edition. That it is in more
ways than one-it brings back to vogue the 4-inch screen which we all thought we
had moved on from and it puts into this tiny frame specs similar to a top-end
device, another rarity these days. Despite all that this is still a phone that
looks a bit like another that was sold a couple of years back. The iPhone 5S, at
least it's looks, sure gets a new lease of life with the SE.

What is good?

The best feature of this phone has to be its size. There are lots of people who
struggle with large phones and find no viable alternative given that smaller
phones are now becoming really rare. The 4-inch frame of the iPhone SE will
endear this phone to lots of people with small hands and tiny fingers. This is
for people who want something handy, and I am sure there are quite a few of this
target audience around the world.

But does small mean weak? No. And that is the beauty of the iPhone SE. It is in
no way an underwhelming smartphone. Moving from an iPhone 6s Plus to this
smaller phone, I was in no way struggling for power. Given that this was a brand
new phone, there were times when the phone actually felt faster and smoother
than the six-month-old 6s Plus. The phone works well in all conditions.

The phone has a pretty neat camera. If you compare it to the iPhone 6s series,
the SE might not be that good with low-light. But it has a very good camera that
gives you crisp, sharp and very iPhone-like photos. Plus, this phone comes with
Live photo option too though there is no 3D Touch. The phone does everything
that the 6s does right from 4K video to timelapse and does it well.

The iPhone offers pretty decent battery life. It is by no means great, but will
last you about 12 hours on Delhi's patchy networks with LTE. With the battery
save mode there could be a couple more hours you could add to the day.

What is not that good?

Strangely, the biggest issue with the phone is also its biggest strength: the
size. The 4-inch screen is a tough cookie for anyone who has been exposed to a
larger screen. Switching from the iPhone 6s Plus, initially I struggled to even
add my passwords. In a couple of days I was more comfortable, but still aching
for more screen space. This is ideally for those buying their first smartphone
or for those upgrading from an iPhone 4 for 5.

Unlike the iPhone 6s series, the SE does heat up a bit when the 4k video is
recording. The warming up starts after around two minutes. I got the feeling at
times that the fingerprint scanner was a micro-second slower than the one of the
6s Plus. This could be because Apple is using a slightly different hardware for
the Touch ID on the new phone.

Should you buy?

Yes, if you are looking for a phone that fits in your hands and it is handy at
all times. The phone is in no way underwhelming, despite its smaller size and
that is the best bit about the SE. It would have been great if Apple had kept
the pricing a bit more aggressive on this phone, making it compellingly better
than the iPhone 6 in a market like India. If you are looking for the best priced
iPhone, the SE is not really there with the iPhone 6 available for a bit cheaper
online.

Now, your need to buy has a smaller phone has to be strong enough for you to pay
premium.

Estimated street price: R39,000+

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              994 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday
                                National Edition

Demand for iPhone 6 Plus might be higher than you think

BYLINE: Jonathan Ratner, National Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST INVESTING; Pg. FP8

LENGTH: 257 words


Demand for Apple Inc.'s new iPhone 6 looks strong, but the smartphone's average
sale price (ASP) could also get a significant lift versus previous versions.

RBC Capital Markets' survey of 6,000 people on their purchasing plans
demonstrated relatively even demand for the iPhone 6 (36%) versus the iPhone 6
Plus (35%).

"Given the $100 ASP premium the 6 Plus carries, this will boost ASPs higher than
investor expectations, which were initially calling for 25-30% of iPhone demand
being the larger form-factor," RBC analyst Amit Daryanani told clients.

He noted that the quarter-over-quarter move in the ASP could be US$90 higher and
US$65 better on an annual basis. Meanwhile , the results suggest Apple could
generate iPhone ASPs of approximately US$700.

The survey also indicated that consumers are opting for the 64-GB version as
opposed to the 16-GB or 128-GB models.

Mr. Daryanani noted that roughly 48% plan to buy a 64-GB model, which is a
16-point gain compared with the current installed base.

"Not only does the shift towards 64GB drive pricing higher ($100 premium) but it
also provides upside to gross margins," he said, adding that Apple makes an
estimated 85% gross margin on memory.

The analyst raised his target price on Apple shares to US$114 from US$110 to
reflect both the higher ASPs and iPhone 6 demand.

He also hiked his revenue and earnings per share forecasts for Q4 2014
(September) and Q1 2015 (December).

RBC's revised estimates are US$40.8-billion and US$1.33, and US $6 6.7 -billion
and US$2.64, for those periods, respectively.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              995 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                     October 21, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

5 Ways to Get New iPhone at Cheaper Price

LENGTH: 465  words


Here is how you can purchase new iPhone at discounted price!

Wednesday, October 21, 2015: Apple's new generation iPhones are here. iPhone 6S
and 6S Plus bring lots of features to the table. The devices have created enough
buzz in smartphone market. iPhone 6S starts from Rs 62,000 for 16 GB version, 64
GB comes at Rs 72,000 and 128 GB for Rs 82,000. On the other hand, iPhone 6S
Plus 16 GB is available for Rs 72,000, 64 GB for Rs 82,000 and you get 128 GB
version for Rs 92,000. Prices are not expected to go down anytime soon. First
impression is, pricing is way too high. Today we have listed few sweet deals to
purchase these iPhones at cheaper price.

1. Vodafone Deal

Vodafone Mobile is operator locked iPhone 6S and 6S Plus with lucrative deal.
You can get Vodafone benefits of Rs 8,885 for six months with brand new iPhone
6S and 6S Plus. Existing or new Vodafone customers can purchase any of the new
iPhones and get free Vodafone RED 1299 plan. The plan includes 3GB of free 3G
data, 4,000 free local and STD minutes and 1,500 local and national SMSs for
period of six months. Post this limit, you can continue to enjoy data usage at
50p/MB, SMS at 50p/SMS and local voice calls at 50p/min.

2. Airtel Offers

Airtel is offering iPhone infinity plans. The plan includes 60 GB worth 4G data
for 12 months. Which will save your whooping Rs 15,000. The pack also lets you
use Airtel Wynk Music and Movies services. You can make unlimited free calls and
SMS to Airtel numbers. Post these benefit period, you can buy Airtel plans
starting from Rs 999 to Rs 2,999. You can get 5GB of additional data free each
month with any of the plans.

3. Paytm Offers

Online mobile payment wallet, Paytm is offering great discount with new iPhone.
You can get upto Rs 6,000 Paytm cash with new purchase of iPhone from the
website. You have to use the coupon code before placing an order. This means,
you can get iPhone 6S at effective price of Rs 56,000. You can use Paytm cash
only with paytm and associate Paytm vendors. Many third party services like
Uber, BookMyShow are using paytm for payment processing.

4. Indiatimes

Indiatimes is offering iPhone 6S at discounted price. You can buy the brand new
iPhone 6S 16 GB for Rs 60,692/-. That's good discount of Rs 1,308. There is no
discount available for 64 GB version. Indiatimes does not have iPhone 6S Plus
yet.

5. Infibeam

Infibeam is authorized Apple online retailer in India. You can expect to get
number of goodies with Infibeam purchase. With Infibeam's festive offer code -
FESTIVE1500, you can avail discount of Rs 1,500 on each purchase. You can use
MySmartPrice and 91Mobiles and grab additional discount of up to Rs 4,000. If
you choose PayU wallet as payment processor, you can get additional 5% discount
(maximum of Rs 500) in your PayU money wallet.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2015 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              996 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           January 29, 2015 Thursday

Six likely features of the next-generation iPhone

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 425 words


It has not been very long since Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus have been out.
However, the rumour mill has already started churning 'details' about Apple's
next iPhone(s). Thanks to sources from Taiwan, 'potential' features of the
next-generation iPhone have surfaced. A look at six likely features of what is
to come:

1. Two lens camera

It is being reported that Apple will use a two-lens system in the camera module
of the next-generation iPhone. The dual lens setup will allow the iPhone to
capture more light, resulting in better photos. Apple will also add optical zoom
capability to the phone's camera, resulting in better photos compared to cameras
with digital zoom, as per rumours.

2. Force touch

Apple will reportedly use its Force Touch technology in the upcoming iPhones.
This technology, already being used in Apple Watch, will allow the touchscreen
to distinguish between light taps and long presses, enabling users to interact
with their iPhones in several new ways.

Moreover, the touch sensors said to be used in the new iPhones will be able to
determine the users' blood pressure and pulse more accurately.

3. Same screen sizes

The anonymous supply chain sources cited in the report also mention that iPhone
will stick to the current crop of screen sizes, 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch.

There is no mention of the rumoured 4-inch iPhone 6S model yet.

4. Minimum 32GB storage

Apple is also said to be upgrading the minimum storage option in next-generation
iPhone to 32GB, from the current 16GB.

With the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, Apple had eliminated the 32GB storage option
allowing users to choose between 16GB, 64GB and 128GB options.

5. RAM 2GB

The next-generation iPhone will also reportedly get a memory upgrade.

According to sources from Taiwan, Apple may finally endow the next generation
iPhone with 2GB RAM.

While the close integration between the software and hardware ensures a smooth
user experience, the bump in RAM will facilitate better multitasking.

6. New A9 processor

The next-generation iPhone will be powered by Apple's new A9 processor. Just
like the A8 processor, Apple's new A9 processor will be based on 64-bit
architecture. There are conf licting reports on which company will make the
processor.

Some reports suggest that Apple will go to Samsung to get the chip made as its
foundries support 14nm FinFET chips, that offer improved performance and use
less power. However, some other reports claim that Taiwan Semiconductor
Manufacturing Company (TSMC) will produce most of the A9 application processors.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              997 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Area News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

GRIFFITH residents wanting to get their hands on a

BYLINE: MONIQUE PATTERSON

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 218 words


GRIFFITH residents wanting to get their hands on a new iPhone 6 may be waiting a
while.

The large screen versions of the phone arrived at Telstra Business Centre in
Griffith on Friday and were sold out by lunch-time.

Staff member Jackie Hunter said the larger screen seemed to be the main drawcard
in the new phone.

"Most of ours were gone about lunch-time," she said.

Ms Hunter said the store had a long list of names of residents who had expressed
an interest in the latest model.

She said anyone wanting to buy an iPhone 6 "will have to wait".

The release of the highly anticipated large-screen versions of the iPhone made
headlines across Australia, with lines of people wanting to get their hands on
the phone.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are the company's first entry into the "phablet"
category.

The iPhone 6 has a screen of 4.7 inches and the 6-Plus will be 5.5 inches,
allowing Apple to adapt to consumers' apparent preference for bigger displays.

Apple senior vice president Phil Schiller said the new iPhones were "simply
stunning" with polarised glass displays and bodies that were "thinner than ever
before".

The iPhone 6 is available in gold, silver or space grey.

Apple's move to larger screens comes as consumers are switching to handsets with
bigger displays to watch videos and browse the internet.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              998 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Central Western Daily

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

ORANGE caught iPhone fever yesterday as about 100 peo

BYLINE: TRACEY PRISK

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 302 words


ORANGE caught iPhone fever yesterday as about 100 people lined up before 8am to
purchase the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

Telstra Orange named Grant Dombrain an iPhone super fan, thanks to his brand
loyalty, and contacted him ahead of yesterday's release to ensure he was first
Telstra customer to purchase the new iPhone.

"I've always had iPhones, they're just easy to use, and I get good service from
Telstra," Mr Dombrain said.

"(But) I'm surprised to see so many people here to get phones."

Josh Cheney said his contract had expired on his previous iPhone and he decided
to use yesterday's iPhone 6 launch as an opportunity to upgrade.

"My missus talked me into doing it. She probably wants to get her hands on it,"
he joked.

Bathurst residents Britney Stelzner and her father Brett lined up at about
7.30am to nab a new phone.

Britney, who is upgrading from an iPhone 4 to an iPhone 6, plans to work with
her father over the holidays to help pay off the device.

"It's a lot different to the old one, it's got more storage and it's bigger, and
I like the different colours, I'm getting a white and gold phone," she said.

Telstra Country Wide Western NSW general manager Scott Curtin said the Telstra
store had been overwhelmed with interest in the iPhone 6 in the lead-up to the
launch.

"Some of them are keen Apple fans and wanted to get in early and be part of the
opening," he said.

Mr Curtin said yesterday was Telstra Orange's biggest trading day of the year.

"The consumers are looking for a much bigger, broader phone and that's what
Apple have brought to the market," he said.

There are 18 different combinations of phone colours, features and storage
capacities for customers to choose from with the iPhone 6 Plus and the grey
mid-range iPhone 6 proving the most popular options.

tracey.prisk@

fairfaxmedia.com.au

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
